Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4959 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 2015 No. 106 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. V
ALADAO ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
July 9, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable D AVID G. 
VALADAO to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
END-OF-LIFE CARE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. One of the most 
difficult and challenging situations any family faces is dealing with cir-cumstances surrounding the end of life. 
Earlier this week, NPR ran a fas-
cinating story on a little-known fact that physicians die differently than the rest of us. They are more comfortable. They are more likely to spend their final days surrounded by loved ones. They seldom die in an ICU or even in a hospital setting. That is because doc-
tors understand what works and what doesn’t. Doctors are very clear about their wishes, and they choose quality of life and concern for their families as well as their own well-being. 
I have been working in this area of 
end of life care for more than 6 years. The Ways and Means committee unani-mously approved my legislation as part of the Affordable Care Act to provide greater support for families with that decisionmaking process. 
It did pass the committee unani-
mously as part of the Affordable Care Act, even despite the furor of the 2009 lie of the year about death panels, on the strength of some of the most com-pelling testimony that was delivered not by expert witnesses, but by Mem-bers of the committee. 
One of our Republican Members dis-
cussed how his mother didn’t get the care that she needed at the end of her life. Another physician Member of the committee explained how he had these conversations repeatedly, but unfortu-nately they were often much later than they should have been. There wasn’t adequate time for the family to pre-pare. 
Well, there has been a sea change on 
this issue in part because of rising pub-lic awareness. Support for our bipar-tisan legislation, the Personalize Your Care Act, which I have worked on for years now with Dr. P
HILROE, has made 
great strides forward. 
We have had advocates like Dr. Bill 
Frist, former Republican leader of the Senate, who has spoken eloquently and written forcefully about the need to help families under these trying condi-tions. 
The Reverend Billy Graham has writ-
ten about how it is Christian responsi-bility to take this on for ourselves and spare our loved ones uncertainty. 
Dr. Atul Gawande recently published 
a brilliant work, ‘‘Being Mortal,’’ which quickly climbed to the top of the best seller list for The New York 
Times. 
The Institute of Medicine has put out 
a seminal, over 600-page report about dying in America that talked about the problems and opportunities to provide more choices and protect people’s wish-es. 
Yesterday was another important 
landmark where the administration published a proposed fee schedule for next year in which they have assigned an activity code with payment for ad-vanced care planning. 
Now, of course, this is merely a pro-
posal and CMS is still seeking com-ment, but it is a historic step forward for a decision that will be finalized this fall. It is yet another indication that we can and will do a better job of meet-ing the needs of America’s families under the most difficult of cir-cumstances. 
We will make sure Americans have 
all the information they need to make the right decisions for themselves and their family and then to assure that those decisions, whatever they may be, are honored and enforced. 
Medicare will pay for thousands of 
expensive medical procedures, and now, for the first time, the government is placing a value on this important con-versation between a patient and their chosen medical professional. 
Now it is the job of the rest of us to 
do our part to spare our loved ones. Who will speak for us if we are unable to speak for ourselves, and what will they say? 
f 
PROPOSED FIDUCIARY 
STANDARDS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, most 
economists and financial advisers have recognized that families across the United States are headed toward a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.000 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4960 July 9, 2015 
major retirement crisis. Studies have 
shown that a majority of households headed by someone aged 59 or younger are in danger of suffering from falling living standards in their retirement years. 
And so the administration and this 
Congress should be advancing policies that make retirement counseling, sav-ings advice, and investment services more accessible, not less. Retirement planning, savings counseling, and in-vestment advice can improve the qual-ity of life and economic stability of every American. 
Yet recent actions by this adminis-
tration, however well intended, will make these financial services less ac-cessible and less affordable to those who are in most need of them by for-ever changing the rules regarding fi-nancial advising related to retirement accounts. 
Mr. Speaker, for years the commu-
nity of financial advisers, including those throughout Pinellas County and the Tampa Bay area that I have the privilege to represent, has been gov-erned by what is known as the suit-ability standard; that is, a financial ad-viser is required to provide financial counseling and investment rec-ommendations that are suitable for a client based upon that client’s finan-cial position and financial goals. The suitability standard requires advisers to act fairly in dealing with clients. 
This suitability standard has served 
individual investors well for many years, creating a market for financial services for new and low dollar inves-tors seeking basic investment services and thoughtful financial and retire-ment planning. 
But the administration is now in the 
process of replacing that standard with a new standard called the fiduciary standard. This new standard, under the guise of protecting investors, will actu-ally have the opposite effect. The ad-ministration’s proposed rule will ulti-mately reduce or, in some cases, elimi-nate financial counseling, products, and services to new and low dollar in-vestors. The rule will result in the elimination of financial products that adequately compensate advisers for their services, and it will increase the cost of compliance on advisers who ul-timately will need to pass on those costs to clients through a higher fee structure. And it will simply cause some advisers to cease serving many clients who are, in fact, in most need of financial services. 
But worse, Mr. Speaker, the Depart-
ment of Labor’s new rule reflects the approach we continue to see from regu-lators throughout this administration, an arrogant and demeaning suggestion that industry throughout America is necessarily comprised of all bad actors, and unless these actors are forced to do so by this administration, they will no longer do right or do good but for the heavy hand of government and the heavy hand of this administration making them do so. It is a Washington- knows-best approach that communities 
across the country continue to reject. 
My message today is a simple one: 
The administration can do better. Do not issue the proposed new fiduciary standard rule. 
The Department received thousands 
of comments about the proposed rule and seemingly ignored them all. 
Members of Congress from both sides 
of the aisle have sent letters to the De-partment of Labor expressing the nega-tive impacts that this proposal would have on their communities, and we have begged the Department of Labor to revisit this rule and simply do bet-ter on behalf of the American people. 
Congress has also taken action on its 
own and will continue to do so. Re-cently, the Appropriations Committee included provisions within their respec-tive bills in the House and Senate to halt the administration from moving forward on this perhaps well-intended but completely wrong proposed rule. It was right that we did so. 
The administration simply must do 
better. It starts with recognizing that the financial adviser industry is com-prised of men and women across this country who provide a valuable con-tribution to individuals and couples seeking retirement guidance. 
Then let’s realize that transparency 
and sunlight can solve most concerns. But to instead impose a new legal standard that will only increase com-pliance cost, result in expensive and needless litigation and ever more trial attorney fees and will ultimately eliminate financial counseling to hun-dreds of thousands of families who need it most, well, Mr. Speaker, that is the wrong answer. 
Let’s keep the suitability standard. 
Let’s trust financial advisers for the good service they provide. Let’s strict-ly enforce the current law against the very small number of individuals who seek to take advantage of individual investors. Let’s protect financial serv-ices for those who need them most. And let’s revisit a rulemaking process that focuses only on transparency, ul-timately providing consumers and cli-ents with the information they need to make responsible investment decisions and to responsibly select a financial adviser that is right for them. 
It is time that this administration 
begins trusting the American people. 
f 
IMMIGRATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, for 
the record, I am not Mexican, and I am not an immigrant. Given the rhetoric of one of the leading Republican can-didates for President, it is important to point that out at the start before I am accused of being a criminal, a drug dealer, or a rapist. 
To be fair, Donald Trump didn’t say 
that all Latinos or all Mexicans are rapists, just that the vast majority of Mexican immigrants are rapists, drug 
dealers, and criminals. Clearly, if any-one has firsthand knowledge of Mexi-can immigrants working in the United States, it should be the owner of a hotel, casino, office buildings, or a clothing line. But Trump doesn’t seem to be basing his opinions about Mexi-can immigrants on personal knowl-edge. 
To justify his claims, Trump says 
that most of the women coming from Central America to the U.S. through Mexico and other countries report being sexually assaulted. On this point, he and I have some agreement. Women and children at the lowest rung of our economic and social ladder are incred-ibly vulnerable to sexual assault and rape. But the leap from saying that most undocumented women are vulner-able to assault and saying most un-documented men are rapists is, as he might say himself, huge. 
The documentary on PBS Frontline, 
‘‘Rape in the Fields,’’ was a powerful expose on how immigrant women toil-ing in our fields are regularly the vic-tims of rape and abuse because per-petrators recognize how vulnerable im-migrant women are. They are afraid to talk to the police, afraid they will be deported, and afraid they will lose their children. And this fear to report crimes makes us all less safe. 
Yes, the rape and abuse is sometimes 
perpetrated by other Latino immi-grants, perhaps even Mexicans, but these crimes are also committed by men of all colors and national origins, including red, white, and blue Ameri-cans. 
So when Donald Trump says on CNN, 
‘‘Well, someone is doing the raping,’’ as further evidence that we should be building a big wall so he can plaster his name on it and keep immigrants out, I think it is pretty clear The Donald misses the point. 
The question is: How do we create an 
immigration system that protects us from criminals and that allows people to come with visas and not smugglers so that their work is honored, safe, protected by our labor laws? How do we make sure that these workers who con-tribute so much to America’s economy are not afraid to dial 911 and report wage theft or assault when someone, anyone, is threatening them or their families? 
Now, the anti-immigration wing of 
the Republican Party in this body and on the air is saying that Trump may have a point. After all, a beautiful, in-nocent woman was shot in cold blood by a Mexican immigrant in San Fran-cisco just last week. 
Why wasn’t he deported? Why wasn’t 
he held in jail the last time? And you will actually hear this on FOX News: Why is President Obama letting Mexi-cans kill beautiful young American women? 
As the father of two daughters about 
the age of Kate Steinle, the young woman who was shot and killed, I pray every night that no one of any racial or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.004 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4961 July 9, 2015 
ethnic background ever does my daugh-
ters harm, and I can only imagine the grief that her family is feeling. 
When we have felons in Federal cus-
tody or State or local custody with warrants for drug crimes who are de-ported multiple times and come back, this Congress has not done its job, un-fairly leaving States and localities to cope with decades of inaction on immi-gration, criminal justice, and a range of other issues. I have no sympathy for the man accused in this crime. Mur-derers should rot in hell. 
So if we had a system that allowed 
people who have lived here a long time, contributed productively to American society, and who have children and other deep roots in the United States, what if we allowed them to come for-ward? What if we made them pay for their own criminal background checks, fingerprinted them, made them prove their identity, and check on them every so often to make sure that they are not gaming the system or commit-ting crime? 
What if we had a system where peo-
ple came here legally in the first place, if they could prove their identity and that they had no criminal background? 
I argue that such a system would 
allow us to reduce significantly the number of people who are in this coun-try without legal status. It would shrink the size of communities where many people are undocumented, where people are afraid to call the police so that criminals find it easy to blend in and not stick out. Such a system would allow us to concentrate our enforce-ment and deportation resources on real criminals who should be jailed and then thrown out and kept out. 
b1015 
I argue that such a system would 
make it harder for criminals to hide and easier for honest, hard-working folks to contribute to their commu-nities without fear. Unfortunately, that is exactly the system that some Republicans have been fighting against. 
When a hotel and casino owner gets 
on his high horse about Mexican immi-grants, about crime, rape, and murder, let’s think about who is standing be-tween the United States—this country, the one that we love and we have sworn to protect—and a modern immigration system based on common sense, com-passion, and, yes, the rule of law. 
f 
TIME FOR HEALTHCARE SOLU-
TIONS THAT LOWER COSTS AND EMPOWER PATIENTS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, for the past 
2 years, my email inbox, mailbox, and phone lines have been flooded with re-ports of canceled health insurance plans, soaring premiums, increased deductibles, and exasperated constitu-ents trying to navigate the confusing 
Washington bureaucracy that is ObamaCare. 
Members of Congress have to buy 
their health insurance on the ObamaCare exchanges along with mil-lions of other Americans, and I experi-enced many of the same frustrations, including the nightmare of navigating a confusing, unfinished Web site. 
Despite its central promise, the Af-
fordable Care Act has proved to be any-thing but affordable for many North Carolinians, and the Supreme Court’s recent decision in King v. Burwell doesn’t change that fact. 
House Republicans are continuing 
our efforts to minimize the damage caused by ObamaCare. We have passed legislation that would permanently re-peal ObamaCare’s 2.3 percent excise tax on medical devices, which has hindered innovation as well as restricted growth and job creation in an industry that has improved the quality of life of mil-lions around the world. 
We have voted to repeal the Inde-
pendent Payment Advisory Board, which was created under the Presi-dent’s healthcare law and gives a panel of 15 unelected, unaccountable bureau-crats sweeping authority to slash Medi-care payments to providers or elimi-nate payments for certain treatments and procedures altogether. 
The House has passed legislation that 
would change ObamaCare’s 30-hour def-inition of full-time employment and re-store the traditional 40-hour work-week. From adjunct professors to hour-ly workers, I have heard from constitu-ents across North Carolina’s Fifth Dis-trict who have one thing in common: their hours are being reduced. 
ObamaCare has placed an undue bur-
den on employers and their employees by undermining the 40-hour workweek, which has long been the standard for full-time work. 
We have voted to make it easier to 
hire veterans by exempting those who already have health insurance from being counted as full-time employees under the President’s healthcare law. No employer should be penalized for hiring a veteran, and no veteran should be unemployed because of ObamaCare. 
However, the best approach to solv-
ing the multitude of problems resulting from ObamaCare is to unite behind a complete repeal of the law and replace it with solutions that lower costs and empower patients to choose the care that is right for them. 
I recently signed on as a cosponsor of 
H.R. 2653, the American Health Care Reform Act. This bill would repeal ObamaCare completely and allow a standard deduction for health insur-ance that treats individually purchased plans and employer-sponsored plans the same, making sure that all Ameri-cans receive the same tax benefits for health care. 
H.R. 2653 would return decisions 
about healthcare and insurance cov-erage to patients. It is people, not gov-ernment, who can best determine the coverage and services that meet their 
needs. 
A government takeover of health 
care is not what Americans asked for and certainly not what we can afford. 
f 
STAND UP AGAINST RIGHT TO 
WORK LAWS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, Ronald 
Reagan once said: ‘‘Where free unions and collective bargaining are forbid-den, freedom is lost.’’ 
When President Reagan made those 
remarks in 1980, he recognized then what many can’t seem to understand now: efforts to undermine unions are an attack on workers’ rights. 
Unions have long been the foundation 
of our middle class and helped create the most competitive workforce in the world. The 40-hour workweek, min-imum wage, sick leave, workers comp, overtime pay, and child labor laws are just a few of the basic labor rights that unions have championed over the years that many now take for granted; yet for all the good that unions have done to empower all workers across this country, there has been a recent re-vival in the war against them, and the weapon of choice has been right to work laws. 
Don’t be fooled by the name. The 
only thing right to work laws do is un-fairly allow free-riding workers to ben-efit from union-negotiated contracts without having to contribute their fair share in the fight. The laws do not, as many supporters complain, protect workers from being forced to become union members. In fact, Federal law al-ready restricts this. 
In union States, workers covered by 
union-negotiated contracts can only be required to pay for the cost of bar-gaining and not for any other union ac-tivities. 
However, over the last few years, 
there has been an alarming increase in antiunion sentiment. Currently, half of our States have right to work laws, with Indiana, Michigan, and Wisconsin recently passing their own versions. 
In my own home State of Illinois, 
Governor Rauner has made passing right to work a top priority. In fact, he is making this a cornerstone of his first-term legislative agenda. 
The idea behind his right to work law 
is that by increasing the number of free-riding workers, unions will be forced to drastically reduce their budg-ets, weakening their ability to nego-tiate stronger contracts and defend the rights of American workers, but the evidence clearly shows how misguided this stance is and the attacks on orga-nized labor truly are. For instance, re-search shows that 7 of the 10 States with the highest unemployment rates are right to work States. 
On top of that, we know that even if 
half of the counties in Illinois adopt right to work laws, we would see the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.005 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4962 July 9, 2015 
State’s annual economic output shrink 
by $1.5 billion, labor income fall by $1.3 billion, and an increase in both racial and gender income inequality. 
If right to work laws are not actually 
good for the economy, what are they good for? Right to work laws do a great job at harming hard-working middle class families, widening income in-equality, and weakening unions. Right to work States have seen almost a 10 percent decline in unionization, which has undermined growth in wages and led to the deterioration in workplace safety. 
In right to work States, wages for all 
workers, not just unionized workers, are over 3 percent lower than in non- right to work States. That is about $1,500 less per year in the pockets of teachers, firefighters, nurses, and other hard-working Americans. 
Furthermore, injuries and deaths in 
right to work States are much higher than in non-right to work States. In the high-risk environment of construc-tion, where unions have played a fun-damental role in demanding adequate safety standards, deaths are 34 percent higher in right to work States than in non-right to work States. 
As you can see, right to work is not 
right for our country, not right for our States, and not right for our workers. Using right to work as a strategy to lower wages and attract more busi-nesses is not a suitable and sustainable strategy. 
Instead of focusing on attacking 
unions and middle class workers, Gov-ernors should focus on fixing broken budgets and investing in our schools, public safety programs, and transpor-tation systems. That is the real recipe 
for economic success. 
Let’s stand up against right to work 
laws and stand up for the right to orga-nize, the right to a safe job, and the right to a fair wage. 
f 
HONORING DR. PETER SCHRAMM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Dr. Peter Schramm of the Ashbrook Center at Ashland University in Ashland, Ohio. Earlier this week, the Ashbrook Center, supporters, and friends gathered to recognize Dr. Schramm for his years of service and to name the center’s library in his honor. 
Since 1987, Dr. Schramm has been 
teaching political science at Ashland; mentoring students; and shaping the minds of the next generation of teach-ers, lawyers, and political thinkers. 
His story starts in Hungary, as a 
young boy living under the brutal So-viet regime. When he was 10, after the Communists crushed the Hungarian up-rising in 1956, Peter’s father decided it was time to leave Hungary and come to America. Peter asked his father why he chose America, and he was told: ‘‘We were born Americans but in the wrong place.’’ After leaving Hungary, the Schramm 
family found their way to California, thanks to an American dentist his fa-ther met shortly after World War II. 
With just a few American dollars, 
Peter’s family started a new life. His parents found work, and Peter and his sister went to school. Peter did not know English and had to learn along the way, with the help of his class-mates. 
Eventually, they saved enough 
money to open a restaurant. The whole family worked there. Peter continued his studies and worked through college. He studied history and graduated, tak-ing a few years longer than usual be-cause he was unaware he actually had to graduate. Peter was content to learn for the sake of learning. Years later, he once said: ‘‘I think it is true that human beings by nature desire to know.’’ 
His economic curiosity led him to 
Claremont for his master’s and doc-torate degrees. It was there that he studied the classics, focusing more on philosophy than history. 
When he began teaching, Dr. 
Schramm insisted on an open discus-sion, encouraging and directing debates among his students. He once said: ‘‘A good education is a conversation.’’ 
He didn’t want to lecture his stu-
dents and believes that a classic liberal arts education should teach its stu-dents how to read, to analyze, and to explain and defend their beliefs. 
The Ashbrook Center, where he 
served as executive director and senior fellow of the scholar program, states that their mission is to restore and strengthen the capacities of the Amer-ican people for constitutional self-gov-ernment. Having witnessed the corrup-tion and horror of the Soviet rule, he was able to impress upon his students how important Ashbrook’s missions and values are. 
One of his most recent students and 
an intern in my office, James Coyne, told me: ‘‘Dr. Schramm has dedicated his life to preserving and perpetuating American greatness by teaching us what it means to be an American. The many of us he has taught will continue his work and honor his legacy by edu-cating future generations on what makes America great.’’ 
Dr. Schramm, who is battling an ag-
gressive illness, can be assured that the principles of self-government of free men with free minds and the values that our Founding Fathers cherished are alive and well in the generations of 
students he has taught. 
On Monday evening, Dr. Schramm 
said that, despite his medical condi-tion, no man has been happier than he has been. 
Thank you, Dr. Schramm, for adopt-
ing America as your home and teach-ing so many young minds to keep the flame of freedom burning. 
f 
DARK PERIOD IN AMERICAN 
HISTORY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B UTTERFIELD ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to express the utter outrage of the Congressional Black Caucus regarding the Calvert amendment, scheduled for later this afternoon, which is an amendment to the Interior Appropria-tions bill. 
That amendment would allow Con-
federate imagery to remain on graves on Federal lands. Don’t Republicans understand that the Confederate battle flag is an insult to 40 million African Americans and to many other fair- minded Americans? 
The Confederate battle flag, Mr. 
Speaker, is intended to defend a dark period of American history, a period when 4 million Blacks were held as slaves, held as property, as chattel, not as human beings. The slaves were bought and sold and mortgaged and gifted as chattel. 
Mr. Speaker, this period of enslave-
ment continued for more than 200 years and did not legally end until December 6, 1865. 
Here is the history, Mr. Speaker. Fol-
lowing President Lincoln’s election in November 1860, 12 Southern States ceded from the Union in response to their belief that President Lincoln would free the 4 million slaves. South Carolina was the first State to cede from the Union, on December 20, right after Lincoln’s election. 
These Southern States formed the 
Confederate States of America. They empowered a military, elected a Presi-dent, adopted a constitution, and adopted a currency. They engaged in a brutal, brutal civil war with the Union. Thousands of lives were lost on both sides of the battle. The Confederate flag, Mr. Speaker, was their symbol; it was their flag. 
The Southern States lost the war. 
The States then rejoined the Union. President Lincoln then proposed the 13th Amendment, legally ending slav-ery. That amendment, Mr. Speaker, passed this Congress on January 31, 1865, and finally was ratified by Geor-gia on December 6, 1865. During the pe-riod of ratification, President Lincoln was assassinated. 
For the next 50-plus years, every 
Black person living in the South faced the possibility of lynching. More than 4,000 Blacks were lynched between 1890 and 1950, and 136 Black people were lynched in South Carolina. 
There are some now who want to con-
tinue to honor slavery and to honor bigotry, and this House, Mr. Speaker, must not be complicit. 
The horrific shooting in Charleston, 
South Carolina, was an example of a 21st century lynching. 
b1030 
The manifesto left by the Charleston 
killer stated: 
I have no choice. I am not in the position 
to, alone, go into the ghetto and fight. I chose Charleston because it is the most his-toric city in my State, and at one time had 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.007 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4963 July 9, 2015 
the highest ratio of Blacks to Whites in the 
country. 
He was right, 57 percent. 
We have no skinheads, we have no real 
KKK, no one doing anything but talking on the Internet. Well, someone has to have the bravery to take it to the real world, and I guess that has to be me. 
Mr. Speaker, bigotry continues to 
exist in this country. This Congress should not pass any legislation, today or any other day, that would embolden those who continue to hold racist be-liefs. 
The Calvert amendment—the Calvert 
amendment—is misguided, and it emboldens bigotry. I ask my col-leagues, Democrat and Republican, re-spectfully, let’s defeat the Calvert amendment this afternoon, and even if the gentleman would consider to with-draw his amendment and not put this House through this turmoil today. 
f 
HELPING FAMILIES IN MENTAL 
HEALTH CRISIS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, yesterday, in a terrible at-tack, over 200 people were killed across these United States. This headline should lead every TV news show, hit the front pages, and generate outrage from across the country, but it did not appear. This is not make-believe. The news is real, but no one reported it. 
We lose more than 80,000 people a 
year now to suicide and drug addiction overdose. That is over 200 people a day. Where is the news? 
Now, these are the sudden and tragic 
deaths. Then there are the slow-motion deaths which we can’t even count, those who have a mental illness and ended up homeless, or have a co-occur-ring chronic illness, such as diabetes or heart disease, and face that slow-mo-tion death sentence. In fact, people with serious mental illness tend to die 25 years earlier than their cohorts. 
And then there are the mentally ill 
who are victims of attacks. Last week, The Washington Post revealed how, in the first 6 months of this year, a person who was in mental health crisis was shot and killed every 36 hours by po-lice. The vast majority were armed, but, in most cases, the police officers who shot them were not responding to reports of a crime. More often, they were called by relatives, neighbors, or other bystanders, worried that a men-tally fragile person was behaving er-ratically. The crisis built, and it ended in death. 
Further, the mentally ill are more 
likely to be the victims of violence, robberies, beatings, rape, and other crimes. These individuals are also 10 times more likely to be in jail than in a hospital. 
If you are a minority, chances are 
your mental health treatment comes in a prison, not in a community health center. Have we become so numb we no 
longer notice? Are we so numb, we no longer care? 
Tragically, government tries to help, 
but, frankly, it is a mess. The chaotic patchwork of current government pro-grams and Federal laws make it impos-sible for those with severe psychosis, schizophrenia, and serious mental ill-ness, to get meaningful care. 
For example, when someone with se-
rious mental illness is haunted by de-lirium and hallucinations and doesn’t even know they are ill, they frequently stop taking their needed medication. They don’t follow up on appointments and their health declines. Our Federal laws prevent a caregiver from getting their loved one to the next appoint-ment or to follow up on their care. 
We need to provide treatment before 
tragedy and get these individuals help before their loved ones dial 911. The Helping Families in Mental Health Cri-sis Act, H.R. 2646, provides millions of families the tools needed for effective care. 
H.R. 2646 empowers parents and care-
givers to access care before the mental illness reaches the most severe stage. It fixes the shortage of inpatient beds, so patients in mental health crisis can get proper care, not be sent to a jail, not tied to an emergency room gurney, and not sent home. 
It helps reach underserved and rural 
populations. It expands the mental health workforce. It drives evidence- based care. It provides alternatives to institutionalization. It integrates pri-mary and behavior care. 
It increases physician volunteerism, 
advances critical medical research, brings accountability to mental health and substance abuse parity, and it also provides crisis intervention grants for police officers and first responders. This training helps law enforcement of-ficials recognize individuals who have a serious mental illness and learn how to properly intervene. 
My bill eliminates wasteful and inef-
fective programs and directs money where it is needed most. It restructures the Federal mental health system to focus on serious mental illness rather than behavioral wellness and feel-good fads that yield no meaningful results yet cost taxpayers millions each year. 
My bill elevates effective programs 
and helps communities adopt programs to stop the revolving door of mental health crisis, violence, incarceration, ER visits, and abandonment. 
This bipartisan legislation, now with 
more than 50 cosponsors, marks a new dawn for mental health in America. I urge my colleagues to join me in this effort by cosponsoring the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646. Let’s no longer turn a blind eye and, instead, help those that need it the most. 
Whether on the fast road or the slow 
road, the 200-plus deaths per day, the 80,000 deaths per year and unknown number of victims is far, far too many. Compassion calls us to act—and act now. The cost of delay is deadly. For 
those families who are suffering, how can we look them in the eye and defend our delays to act? 
f 
CONFEDERATE FLAG 
AMENDMENTS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, there are 
days in this House when morality and the values of our country, as articu-lated in the Declaration of Independ-ence and in the Constitution of our country, summon us to vote as Ameri-cans, as moral representatives, and as representatives of the values of our country. Today is such a day, my col-leagues. 
Three Democratic amendments were 
adopted earlier in the consideration of the Interior bill that would end the practice of displaying or selling Con-federate battle flags and flag merchan-dise in national parks and National Park Service cemeteries. Those amend-ments were adopted by voice vote. They reflect the strong consensus in this country and, hopefully, in this Congress, that a symbol of slavery, se-dition, segregation, and secession has no place in our national parks or in the cemeteries whose grounds have been hallowed by the veterans who rest there after having served and given their lives in defense of freedom and justice and the values of our country. 
Unbelievably, however, Mr. Speaker, 
several hours ago, in the dark of night, the chairman of the Interior Sub-committee offered an amendment on this floor that would effectively strike those amendments which surely reflect the values to which all of us have risen our hand and sworn to protect. 
Today, on the anniversary of the 
ratification of the 14th Amendment to our Constitution—how ironic that we would meet this vote on this day— which enshrined the principle of equal-ity for all Americans, we have this shameful Confederate battle flag amendment on our floor. 
This amendment would keep in place 
a policy that allows Confederate battle flags in our national parks and Na-tional Park Service cemeteries, a sym-bol, as my colleague J
IMCLYBURN , the 
assistant leader and the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus and an extraordinary Representative in South Carolina, said yesterday was so offen-sive and hurtful to so many millions of 
our fellow citizens and our fellow col-leagues in this body. 
Even in South Carolina today, where 
the Confederacy was born, that flag is being taken down from the State cap-itol grounds after both Republican-con-trolled houses of that State’s assembly voted to remove it. 
Certainly—certainly—on this day we 
ought not to see a Republican-led Con-gress move in the opposite direction. My colleagues, together, not as Repub-licans and Democrats, but as Ameri-cans deeply committed to the values of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.009 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4964 July 9, 2015 
equality and justice and opportunity 
for all, we ought to remove that flag from our national parks, the ceme-teries where our veterans rest and, I would say further, all public places. That includes the United States Cap-itol. 
And I support my friend Representa-
tive T
HOMPSON ’s resolution that sits 
now in the House Administration Com-mittee that would remove the flag of Mississippi, which contains the Confed-erate battle flag, until such time as Mississippians, as South Carolinians did yesterday, make a statement and remove that from their flag. 
I urge my colleagues, my fellow 
Americans, the 434 of my colleagues that have raised their hand and sworn to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States of America, I urge my colleagues, let us do the right thing and reject this amendment and send a powerful message about what America truly represents: equality, justice, re-spect for one another, freedom for all. 
Let us make America—every Amer-
ican—proud of us this day and reject the amendment adopted in the dead of night. 
f 
NEGOTIATIONS ON IRAN’S 
NUCLEAR CAPABILITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY) for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to talk about the negotiations taking place right now in Switzerland over Iran’s nuclear capability. With all that has been going on lately, I fear not enough attention is being paid to what I believe is one of the most important issues facing our country right now. 
Last week, the Obama administra-
tion quietly announced yet another deadline extension to the multilateral negotiations over Iran’s nuclear capa-bility, and this week, negotiators blew past that deadline once again. 
Of course, the goal for the United 
States and our allies must be to pre-vent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. However, recent reports out of Switzerland have raised concerns that our negotiators have already conceded too much on major points like uranium enrichment, economic sanctions relief, and inspection access. 
Mr. Speaker, the very fact that we 
keep extending the deadline tells you all you need to know about the prior-ities at play for this administration. It seems that President Obama and Sec-retary Kerry are so concerned with striking a deal—any deal—that they are unwilling to walk away from a bad one as deadlines keep passing. 
The Boston Globe reported that nego-
tiators have spent their downtime speculating which movie stars would play them in a Hollywood movie about the Iran deal. 
If this is true, Americans should be 
outraged. This is an extraordinarily important issue that will have an ex-traordinarily far-reaching effect on this country and the world for many 
years to come. 
The fact is we have had extension 
after extension and concession after concession to the point that I am not sure a good deal is even possible at this point. 
A few months ago, I traveled to the 
Middle East with the Speaker as part of his delegation to the region, and we visited countries that would be directly affected by dealing with a nuclear Iran—Israel, Jordan, Iraq, Saudi Ara-bia. 
Our allies in the region are rightfully 
concerned that what is being brokered isn’t good at all. 
b1045 
We cannot forget how high the stakes 
are here. If a bad deal is ratified, we aren’t just talking about a nuclear armed Iran. 
We are talking about setting in mo-
tion a nuclear race, a chain of events that could allow multiple countries in this very volatile region of the world wanting to become nuclear as well. 
And after seeing the international 
community reward Iran’s hostility and obstinance with a nuclear deal, who would blame them? 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the leader-
ship of my colleagues in this Chamber and in the Senate. And I agree with Senator C
ORKER , who is the chairman 
of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee, who wrote a letter to the Presi-dent, ‘‘Walking away from a bad deal at this point would take courage, but it would be the best thing for the United States, the region, and the world.’’ 
We may not be able to control the 
outcome in Switzerland, but we can control how we respond if a bad deal is put forward. 
This Congress can have the final say 
whether or not to lift sanctions in Iran. It can have the final say on the deal, itself, by way of a resolution of dis-approval. 
I believe Members of Congress must 
prepare to stand up and have the cour-age that it would take to stop a bad Iranian deal from happening. For some, this will take a lot of courage, but it is necessary. 
We cannot allow President Obama 
and Secretary Kerry to put their desire for a legacy achievement above the best interests of this Nation and our al-lies. 
f 
CONFEDERATE BATTLE FLAG 
SYMBOLISM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, had 
this Confederate battle flag prevailed in war 150 years ago, I would not be standing here today as a Member of the United States Congress. I would be here as a slave. Over the last 150 years, we have made tremendous progress in this country, but we still have a long way to go. As the tragic events in Charleston, 
South Carolina, illustrated, when nine God-fearing, churchgoing African American citizens were killed by a White supremacist, there is much work that needs to be done to eradicate the cancer of racial hatred. 
When Dylann Roof committed this 
act of domestic terror, his emblem was the Confederate battle flag. 
Later on today we are going to have 
a vote on the legitimacy of this flag. On Tuesday, it appeared that House Republicans were prepared to do the right thing in support of three amend-ments to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the purchase, sale, or display of the Confederate battle flag on Na-tional Park Service land. 
But less than 24 hours later, House 
Republicans reversed course in the dead of night under cover of darkness to introduce an amendment supporting the Confederate battle flag, which is nothing more than a symbol of racial hatred and oppression. 
There are some in this House who 
have made the argument that the Con-federate battle flag is about heritage and tradition. I am perplexed. 
What exactly is the tradition of the 
Confederate battle flag that we are supporting? Is it slavery? Rape? Kid-nap? Treason? Genocide? Or all of the above. 
The Confederate battle flag is noth-
ing more than a symbol of racial ha-tred and oppression. And I stand here with chills next to it because the red in this flag is a painful reminder of the blood that was shed by Africans who 
were killed when attempted to be kid-napped and thrown into the institution of slavery. 
The red on this flag is a painful re-
minder of the blood that was shed by millions of Africans who died during the Middle Passage when being trans-ported from Africa to America. 
The red on this flag is a painful re-
minder of the blood that was shed by African American slaves who were beaten, raped, lynched, and killed here in America as a result of the institu-tion of slavery. 
What exactly is the tradition the 
Confederate battle flag represents? 
We were sent here as leaders to make 
decisions on the morality of America. And where we are, notwithstanding our painful history and the legacy of slav-ery, we have an opportunity today to make a definitive statement to be lead-ers, not individuals who cower in fear of some narrow-minded Americans who aren’t aware that the South lost the war 150 years ago. 
Let’s choose racial progress over ra-
cial poison. Let’s choose harmony over historic amnesia. Let’s choose togeth-erness over treason. Let’s come to-gether not as Democrats or Repub-licans, not as Whites or Blacks, not as northerners or southerners. 
Let’s come together as Americans 
and vote down the Calvert amendment and relegate the Confederate battle flag to the dustbin of history, which is where it belongs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.010 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4965 July 9, 2015 
WYOMING COUNTY, 2015 SADD 
NATIONAL CHAPTER OF THE YEAR 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the Wyo-ming County, West Virginia, chapter of Students Against Destructive Deci-sions, also known as SADD. 
The Wyoming County chapter has 
been named the 2015 SADD National Chapter of the Year. Consisting of 300 members from six different schools, these Wyoming County students work hard to encourage young people to avoid underage drinking, drugs, and other destructive activities. 
Wyoming County and the sur-
rounding area, like many parts of our State and country, are limited in the number of youth programs and social services leading to temptations for many teenagers. SADD helps fill the void and is a positive force in helping students make positive life choices and avoid destructive decisions. 
These students represent our State’s 
values and demonstrate compassion, commitment, and courage through their work. I know they will take the skills they have learned in SADD and become the next generation of leaders in West Virginia. 
I congratulate these students and 
teachers and thank them for making Wyoming County a better place to live. 
f 
CONFEDERATE FLAG AMENDMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, as you 
pointed out, I am from Minnesota. Min-nesota’s Governor Ramsey was in Washington, D.C., shortly after the at-tack at Fort Sumter, and he was the first to offer up our support—1,000 Min-nesotans—to keep our Union together. 
Minnesota was at the Battle of Get-
tysburg. Our regiment suffered 82 per-cent in casualties, the greatest loss of any unit at Gettysburg on a single day. 
So last night, when the Republican 
leadership put forward a last-minute amendment that would allow for the display and sale of the Confederate flag in our national parks, an amendment which we will vote on today that would allow this hateful symbol which evokes memories of racism and a painful pe-riod in our country’s past to be dis-played on public lands, I found myself shocked, outraged, and disappointed because the people in Minnesota sent me here to strive for what they strive for every day: to build a better, strong-er America, an America in which we strive to give everyone hope and oppor-tunity, that they too can pursue life, liberty, happiness, and justice. 
So the flag that we are talking about 
is a symbol of a time when African Americans were enslaved, sold as human commodities. It had been used 
as a rallying cry throughout our his-tory for those who wish to keep our country segregated. 
And we saw again last month in 
Charleston this flag being used as a symbol for many who carry hatred in their hearts, a man who carried so much hatred that he took the lives of nine parishioners because he viewed this flag as a symbol of his beliefs. 
This flag should be no point of pride 
for any American, and we should take this flag down. 
Just 2 days ago, without opposition, 
as I had the honor of being ranking member as we were doing the Interior bill, this body voted to adopt amend-
ments which would prevent the sale or display of Confederate flags in national parks. 
Those amendments were simple, 
commonsense efforts to place into law standards that the National Park Serv-ice had put forward last month. It was a moment of great pride for me. 
All those new standards would do was 
bring the Federal Government in line with decisions made by many private sector retailers: Amazon, Wal-Mart, Sears, Disney. And other national re-tailers have all made the decision to take down this flag because of its rac-ist history. 
Private businesses are rallying be-
hind a commonsense decision to stop peddling hateful symbols. So why in heaven and Earth is the House of Rep-resentatives, the Republican Caucus, working to ensure that the Federal Government allows them to be sold? 
For House Republicans, it appears 
perhaps the cost of getting the votes to pass the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill, which panders to polluters, is to wrap themselves in a banner of racism. 
I think that is wrong, and I urge my 
colleagues to stand with people of great courage and great passion to say ‘‘no’’ to hate, ‘‘no’’ to racism, and ‘‘yes’’ to America. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the Calvert amendment. 
f 
CLEAR LAW ENFORCEMENT FOR 
CRIMINAL ALIEN REMOVAL ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
EN-
KINS of West Virginia). The Chair rec-
ognizes the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
come to the floor today to discuss H.R. 2964, the Clear Law Enforcement for Criminal Alien Removal Act. 
This is a bill that I have had intro-
duced every Congress since 2007. And we have many Members of this body, Mr. Speaker, who have joined as co-sponsors of this legislation. 
What it would do specifically is this: 
It would ensure that State and local law enforcement officials have the tools necessary to help the Federal Government deport criminal illegal aliens from the United States. b1100 
My legislation would require the De-
partment of Homeland Security, when a State or local law enforcement agen-cy arrests an alien and requests DHS to take custody of that alien, to do a few specific things. Number one, they have to take the alien into Federal custody and incarceration within 48 hours and request that the State or municipality temporarily incarcerate the alien or transport the alien to Federal custody. This would allow them to remove this individual from the country and bar them from coming back. 
Mr. Speaker, the bill also requires 
the DHS to train State and local police in enforcement of immigration laws, the Federal Government to reimburse local and State governments, and to withhold funds from sanctuary cities. 
Now, we have heard a lot about these 
issues in the last few days, and one of the problems that we have is the sanc-tuary cities. Mr. Speaker, I have before my colleagues a map that was prepared by the Center for Immigration Studies. We now have in this country 200 sanc-tuary cities. I am reading from this map. More than 200 cities, counties, and States across the U.S. are consid-ered sanctuary cities. 
Now, what happens in these cities is 
they choose to work around and to cir-cumvent or not to abide by Federal law when it comes to immigration policy. That is one of the reasons passing the CLEAR Act is so important, holding them accountable. 
Also, reading from the map, I find it 
so interesting that the Department of Justice has never sued or taken any measure, including denying Federal funds, against the jurisdiction that is a sanctuary city. On the other hand, we know that the Department of Justice actually sued the State of Arizona for trying to strengthen its immigration laws. 
Mr. Speaker, I would come to the 
floor today as we talk about dealing with the criminal illegal alien popu-lation and highlighting H.R. 2964. I would ask my colleagues: What does your vote record say about your ac-tions? Are you strengthening Federal law and abiding by Federal law? Or do those actions strengthen sanctuary cit-ies? Do they provide more account-ability? Is that what you are providing through your vote actions? Or is it something that allows a violation of Federal law to continue? 
I think it is imperative that we ad-
dress the issue of criminal illegal aliens, that we address the issue of sanctuary cities; and, Mr. Speaker, I think that it is imperative that we move forward with passage of the CLEAR Act by this body. It is a simple bill. 
I encourage my colleagues to read it. 
It is 21 pages, and you will find in there that it addresses these issues that are front and foremost in our minds this day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.011 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4966 July 9, 2015 
THE CONFEDERATE BATTLE FLAG 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like, first of all, to thank the Speaker of this House and the other Members who came to Charleston last month to help us with the ongoing ceremonies for Senator Clementa Pinckney. 
I would also like to thank especially 
my colleagues—Senator T
IMSCOTT, 
Senator L INDSEY GRAHAM , and Con-
gressman M ARK SANFORD —for joining 
with us as we stood with the Governor 
of South Carolina and called for remov-ing the Confederate battle flag from the grounds of the statehouse. 
This afternoon, at 4 o’clock, as a re-
sult of a very definitive vote early this morning of 94–20, the Governor is going to sign the bill, and tomorrow morning at 10 o’clock, the flag will be removed from the statehouse. 
I regret that I am not going to be 
able to accept the Governor’s invita-tion and be there this afternoon be-cause, around 4 o’clock this afternoon, we are going to be voting here on this floor. 
I understand there will be around 25 
votes, and 24 of them, I might not feel all that bad about missing, but one of them, I cannot afford to miss because that one vote, the Calvert amendment, will reverse votes taken by this body to join with South Carolina, Alabama, and activities going on in Mississippi to get rid of any official application to this flag, the Confederate battle flag. 
Now, I think it is important for us to 
point out that this is not the Confed-erate flag. The Confederacy had three flags. This was never one of them. This flag was the Confederate battle flag of the Army of Northern Virginia, Robert E. Lee’s Army; and when Robert E. Lee surrendered at Appomattox, he asked all of his followers to furl this flag. 
‘‘Store it away,’’ he said. ‘‘Put it in 
your attics.’’ He refused to be buried in his Confederate uniform. His family re-fused to allow anyone dressed in the Confederate uniform to attend his fu-neral. Why? It is because Robert E. Lee said he considered this emblem to be a symbol of treason; yet, Mr. Speaker, Calvert puts up an amendment that we are going to vote on this afternoon to ask us to allow this flag to be sold and displayed in our national parks. 
I was so proud when the decision was 
made by the National Park Service, Fort Sumter, a national park where the Civil War started off the coast of Charleston, South Carolina, they de-cided to take away all of these sym-bols; but the Calvert amendment is saying: No, don’t take them away, put them back, and we are going to ratify the action to do so. 
Mr. Speaker, I call upon all of my 
colleagues who come to this floor this afternoon to remember that it was on this date in 1868 that South Carolina— where it all started—South Carolina was the State that gave the votes nec-essary to ratify the 14th Amendment. To me, this was a very, very impor-
tant amendment calling for due process and equal protection of the laws. 
f 
A BAD DEAL WITH IRAN IS WORSE 
THAN NO DEAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, in 
March, before a joint meeting of Con-gress, the Prime Minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, warned ‘‘history has placed us at a fateful crossroads.’’ 
As a world leader at the forefront of 
this crossroad, I believe America has a responsibility to prevent a nuclear Iran. An Iran with nuclear weapons ca-pabilities would further exacerbate and destabilize the region and would cer-tainly inspire an arms race among other nonnuclear nations. 
The Obama administration’s foreign 
policy missteps do not inspire con-fidence that the current negotiations will conclude any differently. After nu-merous delays, negotiations are veer-ing further away from any type of rea-sonable agreement that would contain Iran’s nuclear ambitions. 
I do not trust this administration as 
it approaches the reversal of a half cen-tury of nuclear nonproliferation policy. As Chairman R
OYCE stated over the 
weekend: ‘‘The Obama administration’s fundamental misread of the Iranian re-gime is part of what makes this poten-tial agreement so dangerous to our na-tional security.’’ 
The sanctions relief numbers that are 
being reported now are staggering and would directly undercut years of demo-cratic success. Sanctions are a vital tool when working to keep our citizens and allies out of harm’s way. 
In dealing with an aggressive state 
sponsor of terror, there should be no daylight between the position of Re-publicans and Democrats in Congress, nor Congress with the President or the United States with our allies. 
Civilized nations must stand united 
against the destructive output from rogue regimes like Iran. As it stands now, the reported details of the deal will not dismantle the nuclear ambi-tions of the world’s leading state spon-sor of terrorism. 
Mr. Speaker, if the past is any indi-
cation of the future, we can expect that Iran will continue to employ its stonewalling tactics, blocking any real transparency or inspections of its nu-clear facilities. 
Why isn’t Iran answering questions 
asked 4 years ago by the International Atomic Energy Agency about their past activities? How can we trust a country that won’t answer simple ques-tions or allow scientists to be inter-viewed? How can we set up a sanctions relief system that is based on trust and verification if the country has proven objectively incapable of trust and transparency? 
We certainly cannot continue to 
overlook Iranian compliance failures as reported this week in The Wash-
ington Post, nor come anywhere close to lifting its successfully firm arms embargo. These negotiations will have long-term implications on every coun-try on this planet. 
I believe the United States has a re-
sponsibility to stand with Israel and other allies across the globe now more than ever. We must ensure our allies know they do not stand alone. With the current negotiations extended once again, it appears that the administra-tion simply wants to get any agree-ment. 
I believe it is a legacy item for the 
President, Mr. Speaker. This adminis-tration’s willingness to ignore Iran’s troublesome behavior throughout nego-tiations does not inspire confidence. 
President Obama promised 7 years 
ago that he would not allow Iran to de-velop a nuclear weapon. He is failing to keep that promise to the American people and the rest of the world, in my opinion. 
The stakes are too high. Negotiations 
are reaching a critical moment as we speak here today. This administration needs to understand one indisputable truth: a bad deal is worse than no deal. 
f 
VIETNAM HUMAN RIGHTS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ ) for 5 
minutes. 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, this year marks the 40th anniversary since the end of the Vietnam war and 20 years of nor-malized relations between the U.S. and Vietnam. 
This week, our President hosted the 
General Secretary of the Vietnamese Communist Party, Nguyen Phu Trong, a political leader but not an official leader. 
During that meeting, I know that the 
two leaders discussed more normaliza-tion of economic and military issues, and I know that President Obama brought up the issue of human rights; but I am going to say this: after 19 years in this Congress of fighting for human rights around the world, the Vi-etnamese Communist Government al-ways promises, when economic issues are on the table, to do something bet-ter with respect to their human rights record, but they never follow through. In fact, it gets worse. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, as the co-chair 
of the Congressional Caucus on Viet-nam, I don’t want to focus on what the economic implications are and the trade implications are that are going on with respect to Vietnam, but I want to remind my colleagues about what is happening with respect to human rights in Vietnam. 
b1115 
Nguyen Dang Minh Man is currently 
serving a 9-year prison term after being charged with ‘‘attempting to over-throw the government’’ under article 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.013 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4967 July 9, 2015 
79 of the constitution of that country. 
Her crime, she was arrested while tak-ing photographs during a protest against Chinese encroachment of the Paracel and Spratly Islands. 
Ho Duc Hoa, a community organizer 
and a contributing journalist for Viet-nam Redemptorists’ News, is currently serving a 13-year prison sentence for defending human rights and promoting democracy. He has been charged with ‘‘attempting to overthrow the govern-ment.’’ He is currently suffering from harsh treatment in prison, including torture and denial to medical care, water, or adequate food. 
Dang Xuan Dieu, another activist, is 
currently serving a 13-year sentence under article 79 in response to advo-cating for education—imagine this—for education for children living in pov-erty, for aid to people with disabilities, and for religious freedom in Vietnam. Mr. Dieu is also a victim of mistreat-ment and torture in the prison system. 
Tran Huynh Duy Thuc, a human 
rights activist and entrepreneur, was also arrested for writing blogs that called for political reform and im-proved human rights in Vietnam. He only peacefully exercised his rights to freedom of expression; yet Thuc was charged of attempting to overthrow the government under article 79. He was sentenced to 16 years in prison and 5 years of house arrest. 
These are just four of the so many 
people in prison in Vietnam. 
The government of Vietnam con-
tinues to deny its citizens their rights to freedom of speech, to freedom of as-sembly, to freedom of the press, to freedom of religion. Although Vietnam strives to further its relations with the U.S., it does not grant human rights to its people. 
I understand that President Obama 
has agreed to visit Vietnam in the near future, and I strongly urge that not only the President and the administra-tion work on the issues of human rights with respect to the Vietnamese people, but that we in the Congress continue to push because, as we know, as Americans, people around the world look to us as the shining light of up-holding democracy and human rights and freedom and liberty and freedom of the press and freedom of assembly. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR NEGOTIATIONS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, 
we are quickly approaching one of the most important deadlines in the recent history of the national security of the United States, the often postponed end of negotiations to halt Iran’s nuclear weapons program. 
I support the goal of stopping Iran’s 
nuclear weapons ambitions forever, and I have grave fears that the United States is headed down a very dangerous path of concession and surrender to a terrorist regime that has had American 
blood on its hands since 1979, military and civilian. 
Each and every day, we read new re-
ports that Iranian leaders are system-atically ‘‘moving the goalposts’’ on these important negotiations. 
Let me cite just a few examples. 
First, any prudent agreement would allow ‘‘no notice’’ inspections of sus-pected—not just declared—Iranian nu-clear weapon sites; yet the Iranian par-liament has passed legislation banning inspections of their military installa-tions. 
Senior Iranian officials have also 
taken it further, declaring: ‘‘Not only will we not grant foreigners the per-mission to inspect our military sites, we will not even give them permission to think about such a subject.’’ 
This attitude would make any agree-
ment totally unverifiable. 
Secondly, any worthwhile agreement 
would phase in sanctions relief as the regime proves, over time, that it is complying with all provisions; yet President Rouhani has declared: ‘‘We will not sign any deal unless sanctions are lifted on the same day.’’ 
Why would we allow Iran to boost its 
staggering economy by providing an immediate capital infusion with which to support their relentless military, in-telligence, and political efforts across the globe? 
President Obama’s explanations have 
been nothing short of baffling. He told National Public Radio: ‘‘How, if at all, can you prevent Iran from using its new wealth over the next several years to support Bashar al-Assad of Syria, to support Hezbollah, adventures in Yemen, or elsewhere? I mean, there’s been no lessening of their support of Hezbollah or Assad during the course of the last 4 or 5 years, at a time when their economy has been doing ter-ribly.’’ 
Well, that is the point, Mr. President. 
The United States should not throw up its hands and actually allow the Ira-nian economy to be stimulated so they have even more money to solidify their place as the world’s leading state spon-sor of terrorism. 
Immediate sanctions relief will only 
provide more resources for them to use their elite Quds Force and their proxy militias in Iraq; dominate that coun-try; and advance their goals in Syria, Yemen, and elsewhere. 
Of course, they will have more moti-
vation to do so. The tentative agree-ment announced in April and every-thing we have heard and read since then seems to reinforce the lesson this administration is willing to give away much more in return for nothing in the way of changing their behavior. Once again, we must never forget that Iran has had American blood on its hands since 1979. 
Iran has cheated before and is likely 
to cheat again; yet the administration makes concession after concession to Tehran, even as Iran spreads violence in Yemen, Syria, Iraq; threatens the safety of our troops in the Middle East; 
and develops new ICBMs that will put America in its ‘‘crosshairs.’’ 
My colleagues, Iran’s nuclear weap-
ons quest must be blocked indefinitely, including the verifiable dismantlement of its weapons infrastructure. They cannot be allowed to remain a ‘‘thresh-old nuclear weapons state,’’ only to join the ‘‘nuclear club’’ the moment the agreement lapses. 
From where I stand and from what 
we know today, we must oppose this agreement. In fact, no deal is better than a bad deal. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
ENHANCEMENT OF UNITY IN AMERICA  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let 
me thank the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey for his kindness. 
Might I rise, really, to follow up to 
ask America to be unified and to be able to have a debate on the floor of the House on a resolution that I of-fered, H. Res. 342. To the gentleman from New Jersey, it says ‘‘the enhance-ment of unity in America.’’ 
What it speaks to is for this body to 
go on the record for saying that divi-sive emblems and symbols—swastikas or a rebel flag, a fighting flag—does not even represent the flag that most peo-ple think it is—the Confederate flag, this is the rebel flag—to put all those away; to be able to educate our chil-dren about the excitement of how di-verse we are; to be reminded of the his-tory of Reconstruction—African Amer-icans who are Senators and Congresspersons; to look at schools who now carry names of people who really might be considered treasonists; to be able to stand on the floor today or next week, as those in South Caro-lina did, in a civil way, so that our children will know that these symbols that divide are not history; and to be able to stand together and support the diversity of America. 
That is what I stand for, and I stand 
with Houston, who is reconsidering many school names at this time. 
f 
TAKE DOWN THE CONFEDERATE 
FLAG 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, overnight, 
House Republicans have dramatically and inexplicably reversed their posi-tion on taking down this terribly divi-sive symbol, the Confederate battle flag. 
While they initially allowed House 
Democrats’ amendments to remove this symbol from our national parks, late last night, they allowed an amend-ment on voice, which was challenged. I will be on the floor for a rollcall later today to keep—believe it or not—keep the Confederate flag as a symbol for sale and for display in America’s na-tional parks. 
Of course, this morning’s headlines, 
the scathing headlines, tell it all: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.015 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4968 July 9, 2015 
‘‘House GOP takes step back on Con-
federate flags.’’ 
Unbelievable—it is a shame. It is 
really a shame that House Republicans last night, very late last night, without warning, attempted to turn back im-portant progress on taking down this terrible and divisive symbol. 
This, of course, happens just weeks— 
days, literally—after nine Americans were slain in an historic Black church in Charleston, South Carolina. A ter-rible and tragic massacre committed by an evil individual, who wrapped himself in that very symbol, and cele-brated the hate that it stood for. 
I attended the funeral of Reverend 
Clementa Pinckney and, with other Members of Congress, grieved with that community in their pain. I saw that community asking themselves a ques-tion: Why, why does that hateful sym-bol, that flag, continue to fly over their State capitol? 
On the same day that the South 
Carolina Legislature expressed the will of its people and the American people and voted overwhelmingly to take down this horrible symbol, on the same day that South Carolina voted to take down that hateful symbol, a Member of this House of Representatives came to this floor and offered an amendment to preserve that symbol in America’s na-tional parks—what a shame. 
Amazon, Walmart, and Sears all have 
taken that symbol out of their stores and no longer sell it; but the Repub-lican leadership allowed and would have allowed on voice vote an amend-ment to stand that would preserve the right to have that symbol sold in our national parks—what a shame. 
I hope the American people are 
watching and paying attention to this because it is a moment of truth, I think, for this Congress. I hope and I pray that Democrats and Repub-licans—I know the feelings of the Democratic Caucus; we spoke about it this morning—but I hope will be joined by Republicans on the other side in turning back this awful amendment that would say horrible things about the progress that we hope that we had made just in the last few weeks. 
I ask Americans to join us. Use social 
media, #takeitdown. Express yourself. Join with us in rejecting this horrible symbol of hate. Let’s take it down. 
f 
THE CONFEDERATE FLAG, A 
SYMBOL OF PRIDE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I ap-
preciate the opportunity to address you here on the floor of the House of Representatives and being recognized. 
I have been listening to this debate 
over the last week or so, and it has troubled me considerably to watch di-visions being driven between the Amer-ican people over symbolism that has now been redefined by a lot of Members of the opposite party. I regret, like all of us do in this coun-
try, the tragic and brutal and evil mur-ders of the nine people in Charleston, South Carolina. I pray for them and their families. They stood up and showed us an example of faith that I think surpasses any that I have seen in my lifetime by forgiving the killer. 
I am not to that point in my faith, 
Mr. Speaker, the least that I can tell, but that was very moving. They didn’t want to see a division created, they wanted to heal, and they wanted to see Christ’s love come out of Charleston. 
Charleston is a wonderful and beau-
tiful city, and I don’t know where I would go to find nicer people if I couldn’t go actually home, Mr. Speak-er, so I couldn’t say enough good about that. 
I have listened to this rhetoric that 
has poured forth over these days. It ap-pears to me that it is now being turned into something that is division, rather than unifying. 
We unified in our grief with the peo-
ple of South Carolina, the people of Charleston. Now, we are seeing the Confederate battle flag be put up as a symbol to be redefined as something different than is understood by the ma-jority of the American people. 
b1130 
I grew up in the North, Mr. Speaker, 
and the Confederate flag always was a symbol of the pride of the South from where I grew up. My family and my predecessors and my ancestors were abolitionists, and they went to war to put an end to slavery. 
Mr. Speaker, I have now in my hand 
a leather-bound New Testament Bible that was carried in the shirt pocket of my great uncle, John Richardson, and it is written inside here. It was pre-sented to him on the eve of his depar-ture for the war in July of 1862. 
He walked home 3 years to the day 
with this Bible in his shirt pocket, it having protected him. It has fly specks on it from laying open by the campfire. It has verses that are written in it. I have found his picture, his musket, his bayonet, his belt buckle, and his ink file. 
That is what is left of this man who 
committed himself to putting an end to slavery. Yet, his cousin, my five times great-grandfather, was killed in that effort. Many gave their lives to put an end to slavery. 
I was standing before the Lincoln Me-
morial, reading his second Inaugural Address, and I will read that into the R
ECORD , Mr. Speaker. This component 
is from Lincoln’s second Inaugural Ad-dress of March 4, 1865, when he said: 
Fondly do we hope—fervently do we pray— 
that this mighty scourge of war may speed-ily pass away. Yet, if God wills that it con-tinue until all the wealth piled by the bonds-man’s 250 years of unrequited toil shall be sunk and until every drop of blood drawn with the lash shall be paid by another drawn with the sword, as was said 3,000 years ago, so still it must be said: ‘‘The judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, these are not disputed 
numbers. The numbers of Americans who were killed putting an end to slav-
ery and saving the Union: 600,000. 
Another number not disputed is the 
number of Black Africans who were brought to what is now the United States to be slaves: 600,000. I take you back to the words ‘‘until every drop of blood drawn with the lash shall be paid by another drawn with the sword . . . ‘The judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether.’’’ 
A huge price has been paid. It has 
been paid primarily by Caucasian Christians. There are many who stepped up because they profoundly be-lieved that they needed to put an end to slavery. 
This country has put this behind us. 
It has been through this brutal and bloody battle. We have come back to-gether for the Reconstruction, and we have healed this country together. I re-gret deeply that we are watching this country be divided again over a symbol of a free country. 
When I go to Germany and see that 
they have outlawed the swastika, I look at them and I think: We have a First Amendment. That can’t happen here in the United States because we are open enough. We have to tolerate the desecration of Old Glory, the Amer-
ican flag. 
Yet, we have people here on the floor 
who say they are offended by a symbol. They are the ones who are putting it up for all to see, and then they are saying that we should outlaw that so the American people don’t have a chance to see our heritage. 
Everything about America’s history 
is not glorious. Everything about our history is not right in our judgment, looking back in hindsight, but none of us know what it was like for the people who lived during that time, in that era. 
We can accept our history. We can be 
proud of our history. We can unify our country. We can grieve for those who were murdered, and we can preserve our First Amendment rights. 
f 
SEMINAL MOMENTS IN TIME 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, there are seminal moments in time. 
The bombing of Pearl Harbor was a 
seminal moment in time that will live in infamy. The crossing of the Edmund Pettus Bridge was a seminal moment in time that will live in history. It was a turning point in the civil rights/ human rights movement. 
There are seminal moments in time. The House of Representatives con-
fronts a seminal moment in time. Will we allow the healing to continue or will we try to roll back the clock? 
There are seminal moments in time. If we take this vote—and I hope that 
we will not, and there is an indication that we may not—the taking of the vote, in and of itself, can be a seminal moment in time. 
A vote to legitimize the Confederate 
flag—the battle flag—would be a sem-inal moment in time for the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.016 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4969 July 9, 2015 
States House of Representatives—a 
flag that represents slavery, a flag that represents division. 
We have come together in this coun-
try under a flag that represents unity, one that stands for liberty and justice for all, the flag of the United States of America. This is not that flag. 
We confront seminal moments in 
time. 
In South Carolina, the South Caro-
lina Senate and House of Representa-tives stood tall when confronting a seminal moment in time, and the Con-federate battle flag will be removed. 
I was so proud to hear a relative, a 
descendant, of Jefferson Davis take to the floor of the House of Representa-tives in South Carolina and proclaim that the flag must come down. 
Seminal moments in time. We have our opportunity to do that 
which is right, to do what Dr. King talked about when he said that the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice. 
We can bend the arc of the moral uni-
verse toward justice or we can turn back the clock, understanding that this is a symbol that causes a lot of pain for a lot of people. This symbol would have prevented my having the opportunity to stand here if it had pre-vailed. 
I call upon all people of goodwill to 
please do the righteous thing, not just the right thing—do the righteous thing. 
How can you possibly vote for this 
after you saw the relatives of the nine who were killed stand in court before a judge and before the person who was the assailant—the person who actually killed people—and say, ‘‘I forgive you’’? We have forgiven those who have fought to enslave us. We have forgiven. 
I forgive you. How could you possibly now decide 
that you will legitimize this symbol of hatred, of slavery, of a bygone era of a time when people were not even pro-claimed to be human beings in the minds of many? 
So this is a great opportunity for this 
House of Representatives to answer the clarion call of justice and to do as Dr. King indicated, to bend the arc of the moral universe towards justice. 
But it is also something else. It is an 
opportunity to see where we are. 
There will be a moment in time be-
yond this time when someone will look back upon these moments and he will look to see where we stood. 
Where did you stand when you had 
the chance to stand for righteousness? Where were you when you had an op-portunity to vote to recognize justice as opposed to the injustice associated with this symbol? 
C.A. Tindley was right. So I will 
leave you with these words: 
Harder yet may be the fight; right may 
often yield to might. Wickedness awhile may seem to reign; Satan’s cause may seem to gain. There is a God that rules above with the hand of power and a heart of love. When we are right, He will help us fight. I stand against this symbol. I stand 
for the American flag. I stand for jus-tice. 
f 
IS ISIS A NATIONAL SECURITY 
THREAT TO THE UNITED STATES? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
today the terrorist army of ISIS is stronger than ever. It maims, rapes, pillages, burns, and beheads in its zeal to commit religious genocide against anyone who disagrees with them. 
ISIS controls and manipulates the 
minds of thousands of foreign fighters, including those who come from the United States. This is done arrogantly through American social media compa-nies. 
The U.S.’ answer to the ISIS threat? 
Well, let’s see what it is. 
Part of the current U.S. strategy is 
to train foreign mercenaries to fight against ISIS. It has had a yearlong American budget of about $500 million. 
The program is to equally fund equip-
ment and to train these so-called mod-erates from Syria to fight ISIS. I call them mercenaries. 
However, the Secretary of Defense of 
the United States—Carter—admitted that, even after this 1 year of training, the United States has only trained 60— six, zero—of these moderate Syrian rebels. 
If I do my math correctly, Mr. Speak-
er, we are spending about $4 million apiece on these 60 fighters to go and fight, supposedly, ISIS. 
This is embarrassingly pathetic. The 
greatest nation that has ever existed sees ISIS as such a threat that we are going to send 60 folks over to try to take care of them. 
Ironically, there are more Americans 
who are fighting with ISIS than we have rebels who have been trained to fight against ISIS. 
The United States obviously is not 
taking ISIS seriously. ISIS even mocks the United States and its 60 fighters on, once again, American social media. 
There is more. The President has recently admitted 
that the United States really doesn’t even have a complete strategy against ISIS. Now, isn’t that lovely? 
The question is, Mr. Speaker: Is ISIS 
a national security threat to the United States? That is the question. That is the question that has to be an-swered by the administration and by Congress, and a decision needs to be made by the administration. 
It is time for the administration to 
pick a horse and ride it. If ISIS is a threat, then we must have a plan to de-feat them, then actively implement the plan, and defeat ISIS. 
Mr. Speaker, the Commander in 
Chief needs to lead. He needs to com-mand or ISIS will continue its reign of terror in the Middle East and in other parts of the world. 
And that is just the way it is. THE CONFEDERATE BATTLE FLAG 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, if there 
is any doubt in the mind of any person as to what this Confederate battle flag stands for, I urge people not to listen to me. I urge you to listen to the seces-sionists themselves. 
Here is a quote from the Declaration 
of the Immediate Causes Which Induce and Justify the Secession of South Carolina from the Federal Union. 
It reads: 
This sectional combination for the submer-
sion of the Constitution has been aided in some of the States by elevating to citizen-ship persons who, by the supreme law of the land, are incapable of becoming citizens, and their votes have been used to inaugurate a new policy hostile to the South and the de-struction of its beliefs and safety. 
Those persons were Black people. 
That new policy that was hostile to the South was ending the enslavement of the millions of people based on their race. 
Here is a quote from the Vice Presi-
dent of the Confederacy. I think he can speak authoritatively as to what other Confederate flags mean. Vice President Alexander Stephens said: 
Our new government is founded upon ex-
actly the opposite of the American idea. Its foundations are laid—its cornerstone rests— upon the great truth that the Negro is not equal to the White man, that slavery, subor-dination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition. 
That is what the Vice President of 
the Confederate States said under ban-ners like this one as they were fighting and offering the lives of their own chil-dren to maintain slavery. 
b1145 
This is what the flag represents. 
I yield to the gentleman from Rhode 
Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). 
Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, last night the South 
Carolina House of Representatives fi-nally approved legislation to take down this symbol of hatred and bigotry and the darkest time in our Nation’s history. 
It is shameful that less than 24 hours 
after the State of South Carolina took this important step for progress and equality that the United States House of Representatives would consider an amendment that would allow the Con-
federate flag to be placed in National Park Service cemeteries. 
Let’s be clear. This amendment is a 
symbol of hate, and anyone who sup-ports its being in a place of honor is imposing an insult on anyone who has experienced racism in their lives or be-lieves in America’s founding principles of equality, justice, and freedom. 
150 years ago hundreds of thousands 
of brave soldiers died to save our Union and to defeat all the ugly beliefs that the Confederate battle flag represents. 
Dr. Martin Luther King was fond of 
saying that the arc of the moral uni-verse is long, but it bends toward jus-tice. Our country has come far since 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.017 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4970 July 9, 2015 
the end of the Civil War, but returning 
this flag to a place of honor would un-dermine that progress. It is time to rel-egate this symbol of hate to the dustbin of history. 
Take it down. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ). 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I 
thank the gentleman from Minnesota for leading on this issue. 
It must be throwback Thursday, be-
cause just yesterday the South Caro-lina State House voted to take down the Confederate flag. However, today our House Republican colleagues want a bill, they want an amendment that will put that flag back up and allow people to salute that same flag across our country in our national parks. 
It is time to finally, once and for all, 
take down an ugly flag that is nothing more than a tribute to an ugly past. Mr. Speaker, let’s throw down this flag. Let’s not throw back to an ugly part of our history. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE 
of Texas). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 47 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
In these most important days and de-
bates here in the people’s House, we beg You to send Your spirit of wisdom as the Members struggle to do the work that has been entrusted to them. Inspire them to work together with charity, and join their efforts to ac-complish what our Nation needs to live into a prosperous and secure future. 
In this week in the wake of cele-
brating the great blessings bestowed upon our Republic, please bless those men and women who serve our Nation in uniform wherever they may be. 
Please keep all the Members of this 
Congress, and all who work for the peo-ple’s House, in good health, that they might faithfully fulfill the great re-sponsibility given them by the people of this great Nation. 
Bless us this day and every day. May 
all that is done here be for Your great-er honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House 
his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from Ohio (Mrs. B EATTY ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mrs. BEATTY led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
FIGHTING FOR NEW HAMPSHIRE’S 
LAND, WATER, AND HERITAGE 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the Land and Water Conservation Fund and its impact on both New Hampshire’s natural re-sources and our access to hunting, fish-ing, and outdoor activities. 
Established by Congress in 1965, the 
LWCF provides money to Federal, State, and local governments to pur-chase and preserve land, water, and wetlands for the benefit of all Ameri-cans. 
As Granite Staters know, we are 
blessed to call one of the most pristine ecological environments in the Nation our home. From the seacoast region to the White Mountain National Forest to Lake Winnipesaukee, outdoor recre-ation and activities are a vital part of New Hampshire’s First Congressional District’s economy. 
In fact, the Outdoor Industry Asso-
ciation found that active outdoor recreation generates $4.2 billion annu-ally in consumer spending in New Hampshire, supports nearly 50,000 jobs across the State, and produces $293 mil-lion annually in State and local rev-enue. Furthermore, over 800,000 people hunt, fish, or watch wildlife in New Hampshire each year, spending over $560 million on wildlife-related recre-ation. 
It is no surprise that the LWCF is a 
critical part in maintaining and strengthening those numbers, while si-multaneously preserving our beautiful State. 
I urge my colleagues to join in sup-
port of this legislation. 
f 
CANCER DRUG COVERAGE PARITY 
ACT 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, this 
year, more than 1.5 million Americans will be diagnosed with cancer. Fortu-nately, innovative research has led to more effective and accessible treat-ments. However, insurance has not kept pace with the science, and cancer patients are paying the price. 
Chemotherapy, previously adminis-
tered only through injection, is now available for many types of cancer in pill form. Today, oral chemotherapy represents 35 percent of all new cancer drugs. However, copayments for oral chemo can be hundreds or thousands of dollars per month. As a result, it pre-vents patients from filling their pre-scriptions. 
A cancer patient should never be 
forced to make a treatment decision based on finances. That is why I joined Congressman L
EONARD LANCE to re-
introduce the Cancer Drug Coverage Parity Act, which would require health insurance plans that cover traditional chemotherapy to provide no less favor-able coverage for prescribed orally ad-ministered drugs. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan effort to ensure cancer pa-tients can receive the treatments their doctors prescribe. 
f 
START REBUILDING AMERICA 
(Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, David Keene for 27 years headed the American Conservative Union and is now opinion editor of The Washington Times. 
Last month he wrote that, as a result 
of our wars and attempts at nation building in the Middle East, there ‘‘is a generation of young Americans who have never known peace; a decade in which thousands of our best have died or been maimed with little to show for their sacrifices, our enemies have mul-tiplied, and our national debt has sky-rocketed.’’ 
Now we are about to spend $82 billion 
in the OCO account for our unneces-sary wars and nation building in Iraq and Afghanistan and other parts of the Middle East. This is over and above our regular defense budget. This 1-year, $82 billion appropriation would more than pay for a 6-year highway bill, which ev-eryone on both sides say they want. 
Let’s stop trying to foolishly rebuild 
the Middle East and start rebuilding America. Let’s bring all those hundreds of thousands of jobs home. 
f 
TAKE DOWN THE CONFEDERATE 
BATTLE FLAG 
(Ms. LEE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
the strongest possible opposition to House Republican efforts to support hate through the promotion of the Con-federate battle flag. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.019 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4971 July 9, 2015 
Make no mistake, the Confederate 
battle flag is a symbol of hate and rac-ism. The Calvert amendment would allow for the display and sale of this symbol of hate at our national parks and Federal cemeteries. That is out-rageous. 
This flag speaks to one of the darkest 
moments in our Nation’s history, and its display and sale in our national parks is simply unconscionable. Today, our Nation still grieves the tragedy in Charleston, and we remember the nine lives that were tragically cut short by a person whose sole goal was hate and division. 
The South Carolina Legislature 
voted last night in a bipartisan way to take down the Confederate battle flag from the statehouse. Likewise, major retailers have removed this symbol of hate from their shelves. Yet my Repub-lican colleagues want to return it to our national parks and Federal ceme-teries. This is simply outrageous. 
It is past time for our Nation to get 
serious about putting away not only these hateful symbols, but ensuring liberty and justice for all. It is past time to take it down. 
f 
NATURAL GAS 
(Mr. ROUZER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, as a re-
sult of the shale energy revolution, America has moved from a posture of energy scarcity to one of energy abun-dance. This shift is helping to drive economic growth, environmental stew-ardship, and greater energy security. However, without the acceleration of natural gas infrastructure in all re-gions of the country, only a few will benefit. 
A large interstate gas transmission 
project has been proposed to bring this affordable, reliable, and cleaner energy source to southeastern North Carolina, and with it the potential for economic growth in some of our State’s most economically challenged and rural areas. 
We are blessed with the natural re-
sources and innovations in technology to be the energy capital of the world, which would drive economic growth to new heights. The Congress must put into place rational and predictable reg-ulatory structures that create a more stable climate for the natural gas in-dustry. 
I urge my colleagues to support pol-
icy solutions that will lead to energy independence and economic growth for America. 
f 
CONFEDERATE FLAG DOES NOT 
REPRESENT AMERICA 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, we 
have children to educate, and we have children to love and to have them to understand what America is all about. 
We are southerners and northerners. We come from the East and the West. We love our cooking, we love our cul-ture, but we are Americans. So today I ask this body to allow us to debate this question to a resolution that enhances American unity. 
The Supreme Court issued a state-
ment in Walker v. Sons of Confederate Veterans, a Texas case. Before the Texas Department of Motor Vehicles, early on, as just a civilian, I argued against Confederate license plates. We won that case. The Supreme Court said that public speech that offends or op-presses is not allowed. 
I am not talking about the flag on 
your car or your home, but I am saying that this rebel flag does not represent America, does not teach our children, and it does not heal. And I would offer to say that we are long overdue for a debate like that in the senate in South Carolina, to follow Reverend Pinck-ney’s words that we have to know how to break the cycle and of a roadway to-ward a better world. He knew that a path of greatness involves an open mind, but more importantly, an open heart. 
I hope we can debate H. Res. 342, 
which enhances the unity of our coun-try, not this flag. 
f 
HONORING CHARLES ‘‘CHUCK’’ 
HARMON 
(Mr. WENSTRUP asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, on 
July 14, Cincinnati will host the Major League Baseball All-Star Game, and I want to take the opportunity to recog-nize a famous Redleg, Charles ‘‘Chuck’’ Harmon, the first African American to play for the Cincinnati Reds. 
Chuck Harmon paved the way for 
many African American major league baseball players, like fellow Redleg Frank Robinson, who credits Harmon as helping launch his career. 
Mr. Harmon entered the 1954 season 
on April 17 as a right-handed infielder with the Reds. With a .242 batting aver-age during his Reds career, he was also known as the fastest player on the team during his rookie season. 
Ohio’s Second District continues to 
celebrate Mr. Harmon’s legacy by cele-brating his career at the Great Amer-ican Ball Park at the All-Star game 50 years after his first at bat, by renam-ing a street in his hometown of Golf Manor to Chuck Harmon Way, and by unveiling a statue for the Reds Urban Youth Academy in Roselawn. 
Thank you, Chuck Harmon, for your 
pioneering contributions to breaking the color barrier in our Nation’s pas-time. Your accomplishments will for-ever be recognized by generations of Americans to come. TAKE DOWN THE CONFEDERATE 
FLAG 
(Mr. CARTWRIGHT asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I 
awoke this morning to find news that last night, in the wee hours, House Re-publican leadership advanced an amendment to allow the display of the Confederate battle flag in Federal cemeteries and to allow National Park Service agents to do business with gift shops that sell Confederate battle flags. 
Mr. Speaker, at a time when South 
Carolina, itself the cradle of the Con-federacy, has outlawed the flying of the Confederate battle flag on their state-house grounds, at a time when all Americans were horrified at the slaughter of nine churchgoers by an in-dividual motivated by that battle flag, at a time when everyone understands and acknowledges that it is a symbol of hate, we find the House Republican leadership wrapping itself in the Con-federate battle flag. I object to this. 
f 
ENSURING RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
FOR HUMANITY 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, early this 
year, I had the opportunity to meet with Ambassador David Saperstein, the U.S. Ambassador At Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom. He is tasked with leading America’s fight against religious persecution through-
out the world. This is a significant mandate, especially in the Middle East, where Christian, Jewish, and minority Muslim communities that have been settled in the same areas for millennia are being uprooted, subjugated, and murdered. 
These aren’t acts of geopolitical 
jockeying or even political domination. These are acts of pure, unadulterated evil perpetuated by those of dark and wicked souls. 
Fundamental American values, 
among which are commitments to reli-gious freedom and human rights, will always be the cornerstone of this Na-tion’s foreign policy. 
I am a proud cosponsor of H.R. 1150, 
the Frank Wolf International Religious Freedom Act, because now, more than ever, we need to ensure that former Congressman Frank Wolf’s landmark legislation is updated for the 21st cen-tury to be able to give us the best tools to promote religious freedom around the globe. 
I thank Ambassador Saperstein for 
his work. 
f 
b1215 
REMOVE CONFEDERATE FLAGS 
FROM OUR NATIONAL PARKS 
(Mr. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.021 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4972 July 9, 2015 
Mr. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I also rise to 
express my outrage that my Repub-lican colleagues, in the darkness of the night, offered a surprise amendment to allow the Confederate battle flag to be displayed in our national parks and at Federal cemeteries. Just a couple of days ago, this body voted to remove the Confederate battle flag from our national parks. 
My Republican colleagues are choos-
ing to raise the Confederate battle flag again, despite growing opposition by Americans who recognize it as a dis-graceful celebration of the war waged to prolong slavery in this country. 
Yesterday, in a stunning sign of 
progress, South Carolina voted to take down that flag after 50 years of flying it at their State capitol. Why do some here continue to insist on defending this painful symbol of racism? 
This is shameful. In the wake of the 
devastating murder of Senator Pinck-ney and the eight other churchgoers at Emanuel AME, this is a new low for this Congress. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
(Mr. VALADAO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, today, 
we have 10,000 known diseases, most of which are considered rare. However, we only have 500 cures for these diseases. Americans can do better than that, and today, we have that opportunity to do so. 
We have a bill that will be heard here 
on the floor today, the 21st Century Cures Act, which I am proud to be a co-sponsor of and thrilled to see that we actually have an opportunity to help so many people with increased funding so that we can help find some cures, help people—sometimes in our own family, people that we know, our friends—with some of the diseases and some of the things that we face. 
Finally, today, with all the negative 
press that we have got, we have an op-portunity to actually do something to be proud of, something that actually makes a difference for people in our own community. 
Again, I ask that this House approve 
this bill. 
f 
GOP CONFEDERATE FLAG 
AMENDMENT 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, the hope 
of a secure, livable world lies within those who believe in justice and equal-ity for all. 
Democrats have worked in a bipar-
tisan fashion to ban the display of Con-federate flags in Federal cemeteries and barred National Park Services from doing business in gift shops that sell the Confederate flag. 
Last night, Republicans rolled out an 
amendment that would resurrect the Confederate flag in our national parks. 
Mr. Speaker, I was appalled by these actions. 
The tragic events in Charleston led 
to South Carolina’s landmark vote last night to take down the Confederate flag from their statehouse. If South Carolina can act, certainly and surely, Congress can support our national parks in acting to don’t sell that flag. 
Mr. Speaker, these are America’s 
parks, and they belong to all people. The Nation is watching. Don’t go down in history as not standing up against violence and racism. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me to ensure that we don’t sell that flag, the Confederate flag. 
f 
TAKE DOWN THE CONFEDERATE 
FLAG 
(Mr. YARMUTH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, last 
night in the South Carolina Legisla-ture, we saw Democrats and Repub-licans join together to take down the Confederate battle flag, many with tears in their eyes and still grieving the nine lives lost in Charleston. 
While the people of South Carolina 
move one step past this terrible trag-edy, many House Republicans want to take our Nation 150 years back. 
We were scheduled to vote on the In-
terior Appropriations bill today. The bill was pulled because Members on the other side of the aisle objected to ban-ning the display and sale of the Confed-erate flags at national park facilities. 
For years, I have heard all the argu-
ments from those who defend the dis-play of the Confederate battle flag, but it is moral cowardice to ignore this flag’s history of White supremacy and treason, to pretend it symbolizes any-thing other than a heritage of hate and human oppression. 
The Confederate battle flag does not 
belong atop our State capitols, and it certainly should not be sold or dis-played at our national parks. It be-longs in a museum of shame, alongside the other relics of hate and division that tore our country apart. 
f 
SHERIFF RALPH LAMB 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. TITUS. Sheriff Ralph Lamb, who 
passed away on July 3, was one of those larger than life characters who dot the landscape and lore of the Old West. 
A rancher from humble Mormon be-
ginnings, he embodied the independent cowboy spirit. He was John Wayne, Wyatt Earp, and Dirty Harry all rolled into one. He was a rodeo rider. He in-spired a TV series, and he changed the face and future of Las Vegas by clean-ing up the streets and reining in the mob. 
Sheriff Lamb wasn’t afraid of the 
devil because he always had an angel on his shoulder. He cut a wide swath 
and cast a long shadow over Las Vegas when times were simpler, but the stakes were high. 
Our community misses him; I miss 
him personally, and I look forward to reading George Knapp’s biography on his amazing life. 
f 
CONFEDERATE BATTLE FLAG 
(Ms. SEWELL of Alabama asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to add my voice to this discussion about the Confederate battle flag. 
As a daughter of the South, a Rep-
resentative from Alabama, a native of Selma, Alabama, I have to tell you I cannot believe, in 2015, we are talking about whether or not this body would allow on Federal grounds, Federal cemeteries, and Federal national parks the display, the selling of this Confed-
erate battle flag. 
There is no denying that our Con-
stitution talks about ‘‘We, the people,’’ and there is no denying that this Con-federate flag is controversial. Some see it as heritage, and most see it as ha-tred. 
I can tell you one thing: we, the peo-
ple, cannot allow on Federal grounds— we all pay taxes and are citizens of this great Nation—and to allow this flag to be sold and to be displayed on Federal land is unacceptable. 
I really hope that, when I gathered 
together 100 Members of Congress in Selma for the 50th anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery march, it was not a kumbaya moment in Selma in March; rather, I hope that we will do what we promised this Nation we would do, and that is represent we, the people, by taking down this flag and not displaying it on any grounds. 
f 
PENNSYLVANIA OREO PLANT 
CLOSURE 
(Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, last week, many of us were proudly waving our flag, cele-brating the Fourth of July, and also rooting on the successful women’s soc-cer team in winning the World Cup. 
Unfortunately, at the very same time 
we were doing that, displaying our pa-triotism, the company that makes Oreo cookies and Ritz crackers, two very well-known American brands, de-cided that, for the first time in 60 years, they would close their legendary Philadelphia plant in the heart of my district, laying off over 300 workers be-cause they are shipping the jobs to Monterrey, Mexico. 
Now, keep in mind, this is a com-
pany, Mondelez, that is in no way in fi-nancial disarray. In fact, their reve-nues last year topped $50 billion. This plant that was closed is profitable, but not profitable enough. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.023 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4973 July 9, 2015 
But there is good news. I do con-
gratulate their CEO, Ms. Irene Rosenfeld, who got a 50 percent pay in-crease in the last few months at the same very time over 300 workers from my district were getting laid off. 
Mr. Speaker, it is not right. Say ‘‘no’’ 
to Oreo. 
f 
TAKE DOWN THE CONFEDERATE 
BATTLE FLAG 
(Mr. PRICE of North Carolina asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, we have just learned that the Interior Appropriations bill will be pulled from the floor today. 
A number of Southern ‘‘irreconcil-
able’’ Republican Members apparently planned to vote against the bill, unless it permitted the display of the Confed-erate battle flag in our national parks and permitted vendors to sell Confed-erate souvenirs. This is unbelievable, and I say that as a Southern represent-ative. 
It is unbelievable, after the unspeak-
able tragedy in Charleston and the ac-tion in the South Carolina Legislature yesterday to remove the battle flag from South Carolina’s Capitol grounds. But the House Republican leadership last night chose to accommodate the Southern Republican irreconcilables with an amendment, and now, they are pulling the Interior bill, lest the irreconcilables bring it down. 
Mr. Speaker, we shouldn’t have to de-
bate whether a symbol of hatred and oppression in our Nation’s darkest hour should be displayed on Federal lands. Is the Republican majority real-ly that out of touch? Let us join to-gether to take down that battle flag. 
f 
CONFEDERATE FLAG 
(Ms. SCHAKOWSKY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, so 
I have heard that the Republicans have pulled their Interior Appropriations bill from the floor, and I sure hope it is because they have reconsidered their support for flying the Confederate bat-tle flag, overturning an earlier decision of this very body by unanimous voice vote to take it down. 
Last night, unbelievably, 
unforgivably, House Republicans acted to uphold the Confederate battle flag at the very moment that South Caro-lina was voting to take it down. House Republicans surreptitiously rushed to have National Park Service continue to sell this symbol of hate and to keep the Confederate flag flying on Federal lands. 
Even worse, House Republicans tried 
to cloak this shady move by wrapping it in language about our American flag and the MIA-POW flag—how dare they. 
Sears, Amazon, and many other re-
tailers have stopped selling that sym-bol of hate, and that is what a Repub-lican State Representative in South 
Carolina tearfully called it. 
It is astonishing that the Repub-
licans are so out of touch. We cannot allow this shameful decision to hold. Take down the flag. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
(Mr. LIPINSKI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, a strong 
nuclear agreement that truly forestalls Iran’s weapons breakout ability could be positive for regional and national security. However, I fear too many con-cessions are being made to secure a deal, and a bad deal will be worse than no deal at all. 
We must remember Iran sponsors ter-
rorism throughout the region. They are constantly provocative and a serious threat toward our ally Israel. 
We all want to see the threat of war 
with Iran diminished and to disable their nuclear pursuits, but giving them too much to secure a vapid deal will only increase Iran’s threat. That is why any agreement must have unas-sailable standards for inspections any time in any place. 
Access to all background on their 
prior military nuclear research must also be in the agreement. The strictest limits on centrifuges and enrichments must be there. A breakout time of no less than 1 year and a phased perform-ance-based sanctions relief and airtight snapback sanctions when Iran violates these standards must also be included. Anything less should be rejected. 
f 
CALVERT AMENDMENT 
(Mr. LEWIS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, 50 years 
ago, when we were beaten on the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge and attempted to march from Selma to Montgomery, there were officers of the law wearing the Confederate battle flag on their helmet. 
When the Klan marched through our 
neighborhoods in Alabama, Georgia, and South Carolina, countless homes in Birmingham were bombed and burned. When they set fire to Black churches throughout the South, the Confederate battle flag was the symbol of their cru-elty and injustice. 
There is no way, but no way that the 
Federal Government should ever dis-play this flag on any Federal site or sell it on Federal property. It is a sym-bol of division and a symbol of separa-tion. It is a symbol of hate. It is a relic of our dark past. 
We must defeat every attempt to re-
turn this flag to Federal properties. b1230 
SOUTH CAROLINA’S REMOVAL OF 
THE CONFEDERATE BATTLE FLAG 
(Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, fol-
lowing the horrific murder of nine of my constituents during their Bible study class at Mother Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, many Members of this body came to Charleston to help celebrate the life and legacy of Rev-erend Senator Clementa Pinckney. 
I thank the Speaker of the House and 
the bipartisan delegation for coming, showing their concern. 
And I thank the Governor of South 
Carolina for calling for the removal of the Confederate battle flag from the State house grounds. 
At 4 o’clock this afternoon, she is 
going to sign the bill, which passed this morning around 1:30 a.m. by a vote of 94–20, to remove that flag from the State house grounds. Tomorrow morn-ing at 10 o’clock, they will remove that flag. 
I cannot believe that today we have 
been asked to condone a backward step. Why we in this body would do such is beyond me. 
f 
MOTION TO ADJOURN 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
SIMPSON ). The question is on the mo-
tion to adjourn offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LY-
BURN ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 13, noes 402, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 424] 
AYES—13 
Bass 
Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Castro (TX) Doggett 
Farr Gallego Grijalva Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) 
Lee Schakowsky Slaughter 
NOES—402 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert 
Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.024 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4974 July 9, 2015 
Clyburn 
Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel 
Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins 
Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence 
Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore 
Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—18 
Amodei 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Buck Fattah Forbes Gibson 
Hastings Jones Larsen (WA) Lofgren Miller (FL) Pascrell 
Payne Peters Pompeo Rangel Walker 
b1313 
Ms. ADAMS, Messrs. HIMES, 
MCKINLEY, WESTERMAN, Mrs. 
DAVIS of California, Ms. SINEMA, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Messrs. MOULTON and MEEKS changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. LEE changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ 
to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the motion to adjourn was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
f 
RAISING A QUESTION OF THE 
PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, pursuant 
to rule IX, I rise in regard to a question of the privileges of the House, and I send to the desk a privileged resolu-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the resolution. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
H. R ES. 355 
Whereas, at 4 p.m. today, July 9th, the 
Governor of South Carolina will sign legisla-tion to remove the display of the Confed-erate battle flag; 
Whereas, on December 20, 1860, South Caro-
lina became the first State to secede from the Union; 
Whereas, on January 9, 1861, Mississippi se-
ceded from the Union, stating in its ‘Dec-laration of Immediate Causes’ that ‘[o]ur po-sition is thoroughly identified with the insti-tution of slavery—the greatest material in-terest of the world.’; 
Whereas, on February 9, 1861, the Confed-
erate States of America was formed with a group of 11 States as a purported sovereign nation and with Jefferson Davis of Mis-sissippi as its president; 
Whereas, on March 11, 1861, the Confed-
erate States of America adopted its own con-stitution; 
Whereas, on April 12, 1861, the Confederate 
States of America fired shots upon Fort Sumter in Charleston, South Carolina, effec-tively beginning the Civil War; 
Whereas, the United States did not recog-
nize the Confederate States of America as a sovereign nation, but rather as a rebel insur-rection, and took to military battle to bring the rogue states back into the Union; 
Whereas, on April 9, 1865, General Robert 
E. Lee surrendered to General Ulysses S. Grant at Appomattox Court House in Vir-ginia, effectively, ending the Civil War and 
preserving the Union; 
Whereas, during the Civil War, the Confed-
erate States of America used the Navy Jack, Battle Flag, and other imagery as symbols of the Confederate armed forces; 
Whereas, since the end of the Civil War, 
the Navy Jack, Confederate battle flag, and other imagery of the Confederacy have been 
appropriated by groups as symbols of hate, terror, intolerance, and as supportive of the institution of slavery; 
Whereas, groups such as the Ku Klux Klan 
and other White supremacist groups utilize Confederate imagery to frighten, terrorize, and cause harm to groups of people toward whom they have hateful intent, including Af-rican-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, and Jewish Americans; 
Whereas, many State and Federal political 
leaders, including United States Senators Thad Cochran and Roger Wicker, along with Mississippi House Speaker Philip Gunn and other State leaders, have spoken out and ad-vocated for the removal of the imagery of the Confederacy on Mississippi’s State flag; 
Whereas, many Members of Congress, in-
cluding Speaker John Boehner, support the removal of the Confederate flag from the grounds of South Carolina’s capitol; 
Whereas, Speaker John Boehner released a 
statement on the issue saying, ’I commend Governor Nikki Haley and other South Caro-lina leaders in their effort to remove the Confederate flag from Statehouse grounds. In his second inaugural address 150 years ago, and a month before his assassination, President Abraham Lincoln ended his speech with these powerful words, which are as meaningful today as when they were spoken on the East Front of the Capitol on March 4, 1865: ’With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the na-tion’s wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among our-selves and with all nations.’; 
Whereas, the House of Representatives has 
several State flags with imagery of the Con-federacy throughout its main structures and House office buildings; 
Whereas, it is an uncontroverted fact that 
symbols of the Confederacy offend and insult many members of the general public who use the hallways of Congress each day; 
Whereas, Congress has never permanently 
recognized in its hallways the symbols of sovereign nations with whom it has gone to war or rogue entities such as the Confederate States of America; 
Whereas, continuing to display a symbol of 
hatred, oppression, and insurrection that nearly tore our Union apart and that is known to offend many groups throughout the country would irreparably damage the reputation of this august institution and of-fend the very dignity of the House of Rep-resentatives; and 
Whereas, this impairment of the dignity of 
the House and its Members constitutes a vio-lation under rule IX of the Rules of the House of Representatives of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Speaker of the House of 
Representatives shall remove any State flag containing any portion of the Confederate battle flag, other than a flag displayed by the office of a Member of the House, from any area within the House wing of the Cap-itol or any House office building, and shall donate any such flag to the Library of Con-gress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
olution presents a question of privi-lege. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.002 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4975 July 9, 2015 
MOTION TO REFER  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I have 
a motion at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to refer. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. McCarthy moves that the resolution be 
referred to the Committee on House Admin-istration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, this 
resolution raises a number of impor-tant questions, and the House would be best served by committee action on this measure. Accordingly, I am mov-ing to refer the resolution to the Com-mittee on House Administration. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the motion to refer. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I ask for a 
recorded vote. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman asking for a recorded vote on ordering the previous question? 
Ms. PELOSI. I thought the motion 
was to refer it to committee. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has not yet put that question. 
The question is on ordering the pre-
vious question. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, a par-
liamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman may state her parliamentary inquiry. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I will stay 
where we are until the gentleman rules. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask for a recorded 
vote. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman asking for a recorded vote on ordering the previous question? 
Ms. PELOSI. Yes. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the motion to refer. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 238, noes 185, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 425] 
AYES—238 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones 
Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—185 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating 
Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng 
Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Bishop (UT) Forbes Hastings Huizenga (MI) Lamborn 
Lofgren Miller (FL) Payne Peters 
Smith (MO) 
b1356 
Ms. CHU changed her vote from 
‘‘present’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to refer. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 238, noes 176, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 426] 
AYES—238 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.031 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4976 July 9, 2015 
Hartzler 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan 
Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—176 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—19 
Castor (FL) Costa Courtney Deutch Fattah Forbes Graham Graves (MO) 
Hastings Lofgren Miller (FL) Payne Peters Rice (NY) Rogers (AL) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Smith (MO) Smith (TX) 
b1404 
Mrs. LOVE changed her vote from 
‘‘present’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the motion to refer was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, par-
liamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York). The gentlewoman 
will state her parliamentary inquiry. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, now that 
the House has voted to refer my privi-leged resolution to committee, can the Chair inform Members of the status of the Thompson of Mississippi resolution referred to the House Administration Committee, the same committee that we are referring today. That resolution was on the floor 2 weeks ago and re-ferred to committee 2 weeks ago. 
Can the Chair inform us of the status 
of it, especially in light of the action taken by the South Carolina Legisla-ture and the Governor of South Caro-lina to take down the Confederate bat-tle flag? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair cannot comment on pending committee proceedings. 
Without objection, a motion to re-
consider the motion to refer is laid on the table. 
There was no objection. Stated for: 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 426 I missed the vote, but would have voted ‘‘yea’’ had I made it to the floor be-fore was closed. 
Stated against: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 426 I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this motion. 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
426, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’. 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
426, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, due to 
being unavoidably detained, I missed the fol-lowing rollcall votes: No. 424–No. 426 on July 9, 2015 (today). 
If present, I would have voted: rollcall vote 
No. 424—On Motion to Adjourn, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 425—Ordering the Previous Question on the Motion to Refer H. Res. 355, ‘‘aye;’’ 
rollcall vote No. 426—On Motion to Refer H. Res. 355, ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, July 9, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on July 9, 2015 at 9:09 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 728. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 891. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R 1326. 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 1350. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 6, 21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 350 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 350 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to accel-erate the discovery, development, and deliv-ery of 21st century cures, and for other pur-poses. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and amendments specified in this resolution and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–22 shall be con-sidered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amend-ed, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. No fur-ther amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution. Each such further amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.005 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4977 July 9, 2015 
considered as read, shall be debatable for the 
time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House 
Resolution 350 provides for a rule to consider a critical bill that will help millions of Americans and their fami-lies who are suffering from diseases for which there is no cure. 
The rule provides for 1 hour of de-
bate, equally divided between the ma-jority and the minority of the Energy and Commerce Committee, and makes eight amendments from Members of both parties in order so that the House may fully debate the merits of this leg-islation. 
As is custom, the minority is offered 
a final motion to recommit the bill prior to its passage. 
I am pleased the House is considering 
this bipartisan legislation. The Energy and Commerce Committee has spent 14 months working to bring our healthcare innovation infrastructure into the 21st century. 
Today, there are 10,000 known dis-
eases or conditions, and we have got cures for 500. There is a gap between the innovation and how we regulate our therapies. It is not unheard of to have a company take 14 years and spend $2 billion to bring a new device or drug to market. 
Members held nearly 20 roundtables 
and events around the country to en-sure that we involved patients, advo-cates, researchers, innovators, and in-vestors that have firsthand experience and help understand the gaps in our current system. 
H.R. 6 touches each step of the 
healthcare innovation process: dis-covery, development and delivery. This bill attempts to close the gap between the fast pace of innovation and our cur-
rent, often burdensome regulatory process. 
The bill provides exciting new tools 
to uncover the next generation of treatments and cures. H.R. 6 is, indeed, transformative—transformative of the way that doctors and researchers study diseases, develop treatments, and de-liver care. 
It encourages innovation. It fosters 
the use of data to further research. It modernizes clinical trials and takes steps toward the future of personalized medicine. 
Not only does this bill take a major 
step forward in bringing more cures to patients, this bill addresses our Na-tion’s ever-increasing healthcare spending. This bill establishes a tem-porary innovation fund which is fully offset, including permanently reform-ing our entitlement programs. 
Beyond the budget window, these re-
forms in Medicare and Medicaid are es-tablished to yield at least $7 billion in additional savings for taxpayers; but make no mistake. The biggest cost saver—the biggest cost saver—will be finding cures to some of America’s most deadly and costly diseases. 
I am thankful to have worked on 
many parts of this bill. The legislation contains five bills that I have intro-duced and other provisions that I helped with the authorship. I would like to take a minute to talk about a few of the sections where I have per-sonally worked on them. 
While thousands of Americans are af-
fected by multiple sclerosis, Parkin-son’s, and other neurologic diseases, very little accurate information exists to assist those who research, treat, and provide care to those suffering from these diseases. 
H.R. 6 actually includes H.R. 292, 
that I introduced, with Mr. V
ANHOL-
LENof Maryland, to advance research 
for neurologic diseases. H.R. 6 will allow for surveillance systems for tracking key neurologic diseases, which may then be used to help us fur-ther understand these devastating dis-eases and deliver their cure. 
We are improving patient access to 
needed treatments by supporting expe-dited approval for breakthrough thera-pies and actually making it easier to seek approval for new indications of approved therapies. 
Currently, the Food and Drug Admin-
istration approved drugs may be only promoted for the approved indication, even if the sponsor determines that the drug is an effective treatment for an-other indication. 
H.R. 6 includes another bill, H.R. 
2415, which I introduced with Mr. E
NGEL of New York, and would for-
mally establish a program within the Food and Drug Administration, which would allow companies with approved drugs or biologics to submit clinical data summaries for consideration of a new indication. 
This would reduce the time to ap-
proval and reduce resources required to approve new indications of drugs, drugs 
that have a well-established knowledge base and well-established safety infor-mation. 
I introduced H.R. 293, with Rep-
resentative D
EFAZIO of Oregon, to pro-
tect continuing medical education, which plays a vital role in our healthcare system. This improves pa-tient outcomes, facilitates medical in-
novation, and keeps our Nation’s med-ical professionals up-to-date. 
With the inclusion of this provision 
in H.R. 6, we will ensure that doctors continue to have access to these vital tools. 
b1415 
The provision simply enforces cur-
rent law, which states that educational materials were explicitly excluded from reporting requirements in the Af-fordable Care Act. 
Unfortunately, the Center for Medi-
care and Medicaid Services has acted in conflict with the law, but we correct that in H.R. 6 and ensure that physi-cians have access to materials and in-formation to keep us informed and up to date on medical innovation. With its inclusion in H.R. 6, we will ensure that doctors continue to have access to these vital tools. 
We ensure that Americans have ac-
cess to their critical health informa-tion by identifying barriers to achiev-ing fully interoperable health records. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States tax-
payer has spent well over $30 billion to ensure that healthcare providers ob-tain an electronic record system. How-ever, the investment has not resulted in access to information in those records and patients across the healthcare spectrum. 
While we have seen widespread adop-
tion of electronic health records, our Nation continues to maintain a frag-mented healthcare system, making it difficult to ensure the continuity for evidence-based care for patients. 
The 21st Century Cures Act would fi-
nally set the United States on a path toward achieving a nationwide inter-operable health information system. This will be transformative for re-search and for medical treatment. 
Finally, along with Mr. M
CCAULand 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , we aid patients by 
requiring companies to clarify avail-ability of expanded access programs. 
Further, with the inclusion of H.R. 
2414, which I introduced with Mr. S
CHRADER of Oregon, we are requiring 
the Food and Drug Administration to issue guidance on the dissemination of up-to-date, truthful, scientific medical information about FDA-approved medi-cations. 
This legislation passed out of Energy 
and Commerce’s Subcommittee on Health on May 19 on a voice vote, and it passed the full committee on May 21, 51–0, the second time in 3 years that the committee has had a 51–0 vote, the previous one being on the repeal of the sustainable growth rate formula. 
I encourage all of my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule and ‘‘yes’’ on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.006 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4978 July 9, 2015 
the underlying bill. 21st Century Cures 
would not only deliver hope to the mil-lions of American patients living with untreatable diseases, but it will help modernize and streamline the Amer-ican healthcare system. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
(Mr. M CGOVERN asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I want to thank the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. B URGESS ) 
for yielding me the customary 30 min-utes. 
Mr. Speaker, before I speak on this 
bill, I want to thank Leader P
ELOSI for 
leading today’s efforts to hold House Republicans accountable for their divi-sive Confederate flag amendment. 
You know, it is stunning to me that 
my Republican friends decided to refer the minority leader’s resolution to committee so we could not have a de-bate. 
The legislature in South Carolina 
could have a debate, but my Repub-lican friends here in the House of Rep-resentatives ensured that we in Con-gress cannot have that debate. 
And the fact is that Americans, I 
think, are ready to leave behind the discrimination and hate symbolized by the Confederate flag, but my friends on the other side of the aisle seem to have a different idea. 
Last night House Republicans intro-
duced an amendment to the Interior Appropriations bill that simply has no place on this House floor. 
It would undo the successful Demo-
cratic amendment adopted by voice that would have barred the display of Confederate flags in Federal cemeteries and barred the National Park Service from doing business with gift shops that sell Confederate flag merchandise. 
Simply put, while South Carolina 
voted this week to take the Confed-erate flag down, Republicans in Con-gress were ready to put it back up. 
And even more troubling, House Re-
publicans tried to sneak this amend-ment into the bill late last night, hop-ing that nobody would notice. We no-ticed. The American people noticed. 
And I am ashamed that, in 2015, Con-
gress would even consider a measure that seeks to perpetuate the hate and racism that the Confederate flag rep-resents. 
Now, my friends on the other side of 
the aisle, especially the leadership, seem to be in a little bit of disarray. 
The Speaker of the House is trying to 
distance himself from the measure, notwithstanding that the Republican chairman of the House Appropriations Interior Subcommittee who offered the amendment said that he did so at the request of the Republican leadership. 
The Confederate flag is a symbol of 
racism and a reminder of one of our Nation’s darkest periods of division. It has no place in America’s National Parks. Congress should not promote this symbol of hate. And now is the time to come to-
gether. I am proud to join with my col-leagues who are standing up today for all Americans united against hate. 
I will be asking my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so that we can bring up the Pelosi resolu-tion before all of us here and have that debate and have that vote. I hope my Republican friends will join with me. 
I just want to say one final thing. 
The fact that the Interior Appropria-tions bill was pulled from consider-ation on this House floor by my Repub-lican friends because they believed that, without this pro-Confederate flag amendment, that they could lose up to 100 of their own Members, is stunning to me. 
It never ceases to amaze me. Just 
when I think that this institution can’t sink any lower, then something like this happens. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I would urge my 
colleagues to stand with me and vote against the previous question so we can actually have this debate, a debate I think the American people would want us to have. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, on the underlying 
bill before us, H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, I just want to say that this is the product of bipartisan hearings, stakeholder meetings, drafts and re-drafts. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of the 
version of H.R. 6 that was passed by the Energy and Commerce Committee by a vote of 51–0. A vote like that doesn’t happen often, especially in this Con-gress. 
I want to commend Chairman U
PTON  
and Congresswoman D EGETTE for lead-
ing this initiative and tirelessly work-ing to get H.R. 6 to the floor. 
I think it represents the kind of in-
vestments that we should be making to help families stay healthy and to grow our economy. 
It provides $8.75 billion in mandatory 
funding over the next 5 years to the National Institutes of Health to spur scientific innovation and discovery by the country’s premier medical re-searchers and scientists. 
During the Clinton administration, 
Congress doubled the NIH budget and made a real commitment to keeping America on the front lines of scientific research. That investment led to expo-nential advances in medicine. 
We should continue that progress by 
once again giving NIH the resources they need to make new advances in medicine. We shouldn’t let our politics limit our ambition. 
As Members of Congress, we were 
elected to be leaders, and this is an op-portunity to ensure America continues to lead the way on new breakthroughs in health. 
Now, I would have preferred to see 
the original $10 billion in NIH funding that was included in the bill that passed out of the Energy and Com-merce Committee, and I hope that we can increase NIH funding back to that level as the bill moves forward. We know without a shadow of a doubt 
that basic medical research produces results. In fact, NIH-funded research at institutions like the University of Mas-sachusetts Medical School in my home-town of Worcester has been the single greatest contributor to advances in health in human history. 
Today the average American lives 6 
years longer than in the 1970s largely because of pioneering NIH investments. 
All across the country, NIH-sup-
ported researchers are forging a path toward treatment and cures for debili-tating diseases that impact patients everywhere. 
But their success depends upon us. 
Our decision to invest in NIH is imper-ative to their success in improving health for all Americans. 
Just consider UMASS Medical School 
as one example. For years, UMASS has been in the forefront of medical inno-vation because of investments from NIH. 
In 2006, Dr. Craig Mello received the 
Nobel Prize in medicine for his groundbreaking discovery of RNA si-lencing, which, in layman’s terms, means shutting off bad cells. 
UMASS has researchers working to-
ward finding cures for AIDS, Down’s Syndrome, and Lou Gehrig’s disease. All of this is possible because of our in-vestment in NIH. 
But I hear over and over again from 
scientists and medical researchers that they worry about the uncertainty of NIH funding because of crazy things that we do, like sequestration. They worry about our commitment to ad-vancing basic medical research. 
Fewer and fewer research grants are 
being funded. Countries like China, India, and even Singapore are luring away the best and brightest American researchers because they are commit-ting to making meaningful invest-ments in medical research. 
21st Century Cures helps to reverse 
that trend, but I worry it is not enough. I am pleased to see that H.R. 6 takes a number of steps to modernize clinical trials, improve how the Food and Drug Administration approves new drugs and devices, and encourages the development of next generation treat-ments through the use of precision medicine, which President Obama highlighted in his State of the Union speech. 
Just last week we saw the approval 
of a major new drug that will improve the quality of life for more than 10,000 people living with cystic fibrosis. The investments included in 21st Century Cures will help us to make more of these kinds of groundbreaking ad-vances a reality. 
Mr. Speaker, for all of the bipartisan-
ship and positive aspects of this bill, I would be remiss if I didn’t point out one glaring inconsistency. 
Despite numerous hearings, round ta-
bles, and forms on this bill, a con-troversial policy rider that restricts access to abortion was added to the bill that came before the Rules Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.039 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4979 July 9, 2015 
It is like the majority couldn’t help 
themselves. They couldn’t resist an op-portunity to add a contentious rider to an otherwise bipartisan package to ad-vance medical research. 
I am pleased that the committee 
made in order an amendment offered by my friends B
ARBARA LEE, JANSCHA-
KOWSKY , and Y VETTE CLARKE to strike 
these controversial policy riders. 
Unfortunately, the committee pro-
hibited a number of other amendments from coming to the floor for debate. Out of the 36 amendments submitted for consideration, only eight will be considered on this floor during debate on this legislation. 
Many of our colleagues came to the 
Rules Committee last night to testify on their amendments. They raised im-portant issues and made suggestions as to how we can improve this legislation. 
So while I support the underlying 
bill, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, which prohibits debate on a number of amendments worthy of consideration. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), a member of the Energy 
and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the chairman of the committee, F
RED UPTON , and D IANA DEGETTE for 
their great bipartisan work. And we all put a shoulder to the wheel here to get this done. 
This is really big, 21st Century Cures. 
All of us have known someone afflicted by deadly diseases. Most of us have seen people in our own families. 
My mother passed away as the result 
of ovarian cancer. My sister-in-law had brain cancer. I lost a son to a con-genital heart defect. My mother-in-law had rheumatoid arthritis from a very early age. My stepmother died of a stroke. We are all affected. 
Investing in cures, investing in treat-
ments, investing in innovation and doing it right here in America is the best step forward. 
This legislation would modernize the 
Nation’s biomedical innovation infra-structure and streamline the process for how drugs and medical devices are approved in order to get new treat-ments to patients and get it to them faster. 
To do this, we solicited input from 
some of the best scientists in the world, including Dr. Brian Druker of OHSU, Oregon Health Sciences Univer-sity, Knight Cancer Research Center, a true pioneer in the fight against can-cer. 
This initiative would give hope to 
countless Oregonians. Like my friend Linda Sindt, a close friend in southern Oregon, she lost her husband Duane to pancreatic cancer. She said this legis-lation will put us on a path to im-proved survival for pancreatic cancer. 
Nancy Roach, a colon cancer advo-
cate in my hometown of Hood River, praised the bill, saying, ‘‘Investing in 21st century science by boosting fund-ing for the NIH makes sense.’’ Colton and Tiffany Allen are resi-
dents of Talent, Oregon. They said this bill will give hope, hope, to individuals like Colton, who struggles with ALS. 
We owe it to people like Linda, 
Nancy, Colton, Tiffany, to our families, to all Americans and literally people around the globe to pass this legisla-tion, to tackle these diseases that have no treatment or cure, to develop new innovative treatments, provide better health technology, and ultimately bring hope and better lives for all. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), the distin-
guished ranking member of the Com-mittee on Rules. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, this 
is a very important day for me, as a member of the Rules Committee. Rules, as you know, is the process com-mittee. I want to spend my time dis-cussing the process that has been going on here. 
The process that rules have in the 
House is to really make certain that fairness is presented to all parties. 
b1430 
Whether you are a majority or a mi-
nority, you have your rights, but they 
have been trampled on and abused with increasing regularity under this major-ity, and we have two glaring examples of that just today. We have glaring ex-amples every day, but let me bring up these two. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is critically 
important to all of us, and as every-body has spoken before makes it clear—and we all agree on the impor-tance of putting more money into major research in the United States— we are falling behind other countries in finding the cures and the innovation for which we have been known for cen-turies. This is an important step that we are taking. This is a critically im-portant bill, but process matters. 
Mr. Speaker, after the committee 
had voted out this bill unanimously, major changes were made with no com-mittee input at all. They include re-duction of the amount of money that the committee had said would be put into the National Institutes of Health by $1.025 billion, a very substantial sum. 
They added some policy riders that 
literally made no sense. Why in the world would you put an abortion rider on a thing for medical research? As far as I know, the NIH and most medical universities doing this research do not perform abortion procedures. It was simply a way, again, to mollify people and make somebody think that, if they vote for this bill, they are doing some-thing that is impossible to do. But like Alice in Wonderland, we are all trained here to try to believe six impossible things before breakfast because we are confronted with them daily. 
Another one is that they changed the 
pay-fors, which is critically important to everything that we do. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. So, Mr. Speaker, 
despite the importance of this bill, de-spite the fact that it came out of com-mittee unanimously, despite the fact that so many people have worked on it, and despite the fact that good things were in it, the process was completely changed after it was over by rewriting major portions of it. That doesn’t ap-pear anywhere in the rules of the House. 
Now, not only that, let’s think about 
what happened here this morning. Last night on the Interior bill, which is an open rule, after the Democrat who was up, B
ETTY MCCOLLUM of Minnesota, 
had yielded back her time, after the time had been yielded on both sides and the vote had been taken, suddenly another amendment appears at the re-quest, as Mr. M
CGOVERN has said, of 
the Republican leadership. So they sud-denly come up with this. Ms. M
CCOL-
LUM was not informed in any way. She 
had absolutely no knowledge of what was going to happen. That may not break a specific rule of the House, but it sure does break etiquette. You do not come out onto the floor to try to fool people who are on the other side. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has again ex-pired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, what 
happened here this morning, obviously, I think Mr. M
CGOVERN has stated it 
precisely. Without the ability to have that amendment, without that crazy amendment, frankly, that resolution— as far as I am concerned, once you send them back to committee, you are send-ing them to interment—we will never see that one again. But they had to have that in order to get the votes to pass the bill. That is the kind of horse trading and all the things that go on here. After all the process and proce-dure that belongs to the Congress of the United States, and has for cen-turies, has been absolutely abused, as I said earlier, and trampled on on a reg-ular basis, Mr. Speaker, it is time we stopped it. Nothing happened here today except to make this place look stupid. 
I was born in a border State, in Ken-
tucky. All my life I have lived there. I was educated there, and I was married there. I never saw a Confederate flag in all the years of my life. These battle flags that they are putting up appeared in the South after the civil rights legis-lation. They were the products of Strom Thurmond and the Dixiecrats. That is when they started to bloom all over. It is a symbol of pure hate and re-venge or whatever else they want to call it. It needs to go. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has again ex-pired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentlewoman an additional 10 sec-onds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.040 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4980 July 9, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. It is the equiva-
lent to my having the German Govern-ment flying the swastika over the Bun-destag. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ), a valu-
able member of the Energy and Com-merce Committee. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the rule for H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
The 21st Century Cures Act is one of 
the best things Congress has done in a long time in my opinion. H.R. 6 is a ho-listic reform of how we can get cures and treatments to patients who need them. That is what this bill is all about, patients, our constituents, Mr. Speaker. 
One provision I was particularly 
proud to author will establish a drug management program which prevents at-risk beneficiaries from abusing con-trolled substances. This program will help protect our seniors. It is a fix to Medicare part D, that is a program that is really desperately needed. This commonsense measure has been rec-ommended by GAO and IG, and it is also recommended by CMS. 
Mr. Speaker, it is utilized by private 
industry, TRICARE, and State Med-icaid programs. This bill makes strides to prevent prescription drug abuse and promote a healthier America. 
I urge support for the rule and the 
underlying bill as well. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
21⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from 
California (Ms. M ATSUI ), a member of 
the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding me time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 
rule to consider the 21st Century Cures Act on the floor. On the Energy and Commerce Committee, we worked tire-lessly with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to get this bill to a place that we could all agree upon, a place where we provide new mandatory funding for NIH to do the critical re-search that is a foundation for cures, a place where we tweak FDA processes and provide FDA with additional re-sources to do the new things that will help get treatments and cures to pa-tients faster. 
As we worked together to find ways 
to accelerate innovation, patients with rare diseases have been at the forefront of our conversations. It is often more difficult to research and develop cures for rare disease patients due to their small populations. However, finding cures for rare diseases is not just of the utmost importance to the patients with those rare diseases and their fami-lies, it is important to all of us. You never know where a cure might come from, and often research and drug de-velopment on one disease may turn out to be fruitful for another. 
Mr. Speaker, we all need to work to-
gether to advance cures and treat-ments. A provision of this bill would encourage public-private partnerships to foster better utilization of patient 
registries that generate important in-formation on the natural history of diseases, especially rare diseases for which other types of research can be difficult. 
I also applaud the efforts in this bill 
to advance the President’s Precision Medicine Initiative to accelerate dis-coveries that are tailored to individual patients’ needs. 
The telehealth language in 21st Cen-
tury Cures recognizes telehealth is the delivery of safe, effective, quality healthcare services by a healthcare provider using technology as the mode of delivery, and the interoperability provision makes great strides toward ensuring that our health IT systems can communicate amongst each other and with patients. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t claim that this 
bill is perfect. Compromises have been made. I am disappointed that the amount of NIH funding has been re-cently reduced from $10 billion to $8.7 billion. I am also disappointed that pol-icy riders, such as the Hyde amend-ment language, have been inserted after we voted this out of committee, and I look forward to voting for the amendment offered by my colleagues B
ARBARA LEE, JANSCHAKOWSKY , and 
YVETTE CLARKE to strike the policy 
riders language. With that, Mr. Speak-er, I do, however, support the 21st Cen-tury Cures legislation. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from 
Texas (Mr. M CCAUL), the chairman of 
the Homeland Security Committee. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I com-
mend Dr. B URGESS and Chairman 
UPTON for a bill that is truly visionary 
that will actually save lives, something we can rarely say we do up here in this place, but I believe this will provide cures for the next century. 
Mr. Speaker, there are two provisions 
I am very pleased to see in the bill. One is the Andrea Sloan CURE Act, which expands compassionate use to those who have life-threatening diseases and gives them greater access to lifesaving medications. Andrea is a friend of mine who, on her deathbed, asked me to try to make sure that this didn’t happen to other people. 
And finally, I am pleased to see the 
reauthorization of the Creating Hope Act, which has now led to the second childhood cancer drug approved since the 1980s and the first FDA-approved drug to treat high-risk neuroblastoma. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe that with the 
passage of this bill we will see greater cures in the future, and we will not only save adults from cancers, but also children from this dreaded disease in the future. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ), a member of 
the Armed Services Committee. 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Massachusetts. 
Mr. Speaker, coming out of com-
mittee, H.R. 6 was a bipartisan huge leap forward in our efforts to accel-
erate the development of lifesaving cures through medical research. Yet somehow, between the committee and the floor, the majority once again has tacked on antiabortion Hyde amend-ment language, which makes no sense at all. 
It is like the Republicans are cheap 
stage magicians attracting our atten-tion with the promise of critically needed medical advances, all the while stuffing the same old, flea-bitten Hyde provision rabbit into their hat. We are tired of this tedious stage show. NIH is already subject to the Hyde provisions in appropriation bills. This is just a way to continue politics as usual. 
If H.R. 6 passes under a mantle of bi-
partisanship, they will pull out the rabbit, wave it around, and say, Look how amazing and wonderful we are. 
I, for one, am sick of the House being 
run like a boardwalk magic show. Add-ing this type of language between open, transparent committee consideration and open, transparent floor consider-ation makes a mockery of representa-tive government. Adding an anti-abortion rider to bills in the dead of night through sleight of hand turns the substantive bipartisan work that is crafted in H.R. 6 into a pathetic imita-tion of cooperation. 
Since the 114th Congress began, the 
House has taken 37 actions to restrict abortion access. While I don’t agree with this paranoid focus on women’s private and legal medical decisions, it is the majority’s right to set the agen-da; but I cannot stand by while these provisions are slipped into an other-wise excellent bill through under-handed maneuvers that run contrary to our democratic process. When similar provisions were slipped into a human trafficking bill, we said no. Why aren’t we saying no today? 
I am a cosponsor of the original 
version of H.R. 6, but I cannot let the people’s House become the people’s House of smoke and mirrors. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from 
Tennessee (Mr. R OE), the chairman of 
the House Doctors Caucus. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I 
stand before you today someone who, 45 years ago, graduated from medical school. My first pediatric rotation was at St. Jude Children’s Hospital. At that time, a majority of all those children that I saw as a young medical student died of their disease. Today, almost 90 percent of those children live. 
Back in the 1950s, we had a polio vac-
cine. It was developed with the help of government funding, and today that would be scored as a cost to the tax-payers. Does anyone think the preven-tion of polio was a cost to the tax-payers? It was one of the greatest mir-acles of the 20th century. 
Just 4 short months ago, my wife 
died of stage 4 colon cancer. And I know right now that everyone in this Chamber who is listening and everyone who is outside watching this has had a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.041 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4981 July 9, 2015 
close family member or a friend or a 
relative who has experienced some-thing similar. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time now we as a 
nation got serious about curing the major diseases, not treating the dis-ease, but curing the major diseases that are affecting this country and af-fecting us personally. I am more pas-sionate about this bill and excited about passing the 21st Century Cures bill than anything I have voted on since I have been in the Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage 
my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bill. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ), a 
member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank my friend, the gentleman from Massachusetts, for yielding the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the 
rule and in strong support of the 21st Century Cures bill that was voted unanimously, in a bipartisan fashion, out of my Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. 
b1445 
America is the world leader in med-
ical research, and we have got to work to keep it that way. That has been at risk lately because of congressional budget battles. The resources that our researchers need to find the cures and treatments of the future have been at risk. Our commitment to medical re-search has eroded over the years, but this 21st Century Cures bill would put us now on a stronger path forward. 
I have advocated for more NIH re-
search dollars for many years to boost our patients back home suffering from the debilitating diseases. I have offered amendments in the Budget Committee to shift money from discretionary to mandatory because it is mandatory in America that we respond and we re-search the cures of tomorrow, such as precision medicine like they are doing at the Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa, Florida. 
Now that we have mapped the human 
genome, we can find and provide pre-cise cures and treatments to our neigh-bors and family members with cancer. 
I am disappointed that the amount of 
money has been eroded. I am very dis-appointed that the Hyde rider was added at the last minute behind closed doors; it was not voted on in com-mittee, but simply stated, this bill is too important not to pass it. 
I would like to thank my colleague 
Chairman U
PTON and my good friend 
DIANA DEGETTE from Colorado for lead-
ing the charge. We are firmly with you, and we are with the patients and the researchers in America that will ben-efit from this terrific piece of legisla-tion. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire to the time remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 17 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has 11 minutes remaining. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 30 seconds for the purpose of the introduction of my next speaker. 
Mr. Speaker, it is really a great 
privilege to recognize the next speaker on our side, the chairman emeritus of the Energy and Commerce Committee. In fact, the last reauthorization for the National Institutes of Health occurred under J
OEBARTON ’s watch, one of the 
last things we did at the waning hours of the 109th Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, he did provide addi-
tional funding to the NIH; he provided an increase of 5 percent a year for the lifetime of that reauthorization. Unfor-tunately, it was never appropriated to that level after the Democrats took charge in the 110th Congress. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ), the chairman 
emeritus of the Energy and Commerce Committee, for his observations. 
(Mr. BARTON asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the Member from Texas for that generous introduction. 
Mr. Speaker, 4 years ago, I went to 
then-Majority Leader Eric Cantor and committee chairman F
RED UPTON and 
asked permission to create a task force, a bipartisan task force—equal numbers of Republicans and Democrats from the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee and the Appropriations Com-mittee—to work with outside groups and experts to see if there were not some ideas that we could put forward in legislation to improve the ability to find and implement cures for all the various diseases that afflict our Na-tion. 
Mr. U
PTON and Mr. Cantor approved 
that task force. We had a task force of 24 members. We had an outside group that included several Nobel prize win-ners, leaders from Johns Hopkins and MD Anderson, former directors of NIH and FDA. That morphed in the begin-ning of this Congress to a task force that D
IANA DEGETTE and Chairman 
UPTON led themselves. That has led to 
a bipartisan bill that, as has been pointed out, came out of committee 51– 0. 
That is an amazingly extraordinarily 
positive accomplishment to have total unanimity in support of this type of a bill. We haven’t reauthorized NIH since 2006, and that lapsed in 2009. This bill does that. We have taken every innova-tive idea in the medical community that makes any sense at all and put it into this bill. 
We are increasing the authorization 
for spending for NIH. We have the inno-vation fund, which is a mandatory pro-gram for 5 years. It puts a little under $2 billion a year that is offset; it is paid for; it does go away at the end of 5 years, but for 5 years, it is specifically going to innovation research that is a fast track to find the cures that are most applicable to the marketplace today. This bill is a revolutionary bill. We 
need to pass it, Mr. Speaker. There are lots of problems. There are things that are not in the bill that I wanted in the bill, but this is a huge step forward. It rarely happens that Congress can work together to do something that is to-tally for the benefit of the American people. This is one of those times. 
We need to vote for the rule, and 
then we need to vote for the bill, and we will move forward, united, to find the cures for the 21st century for all Americans and, really, to some extent, for all the world. 
I thank the gentleman for the time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I am going to urge that we defeat the 
previous question. If we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to allow for consider-ation of Leader P
ELOSI ’s resolution, 
which basically says that any State flag containing the Confederate battle flag would be prohibited from the House wing of the Capitol. 
Given what the Republicans, our 
leadership, tried to do on the Interior Appropriations bill yesterday, I think this is especially timely. As I men-tioned earlier, while South Carolina voted this week to take the Confed-erate flag down, Republicans in Con-gress appear ready to put it back up. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS), 
the distinguished ranking member of the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Oversight. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank my friend Mr. M
CGOVERN for 
yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I must tell you, my 
heart is heavy. I am saddened by what has happened here in America. I thought that we have come much far-ther—much farther—along. 
Growing up in rural Alabama, at-
tending school in Nashville, Tennessee, now living in Georgia, I have seen the signs that said White and Colored— White men, Colored men, White women, Colored women, White waiting, Colored waiting. 
During the sixties, during the height 
of the civil rights movement, we broke those signs down. They are gone. The only place that we will see those signs today will be in a book, in a museum, or on a video. If a descendant of Jeffer-son Davis could admit the Confederate battle flag is a symbol of hate and divi-sion, why can’t we do it here? Why can’t we move to the 21st century? 
Racism is a disease. We must free 
ourselves of the way of hate, the way of violence, the way of division. We are not there yet. We have not yet created a beloved community where we respect the dignity and the worth of every human being. 
We need to bring down the flag. The 
scars and stains of racism are still deeply and very embedded in every cor-ner of American society. I don’t want to see our little children—whether they are Black, White, Latino, Asian Amer-ican, or Native American—growing up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.042 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4982 July 9, 2015 
and seeing these signs of division, these 
signs of hate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. LEWIS. As a Nation and as a peo-
ple, we can do better. We can lay down this heavy burden. It is too heavy to bear. Hate is too heavy a burden to bear. We need to not continue to plant these seeds in the minds of our people. 
When I was marching across that 
bridge in Selma in 1965, I saw some of the law officers and sheriff deputies wearing on their helmet the Confed-erate flag. I don’t want to go back, and as a country, we cannot go back. 
We must go forward and create a 
community that recognizes all of us as human beings, as citizens, for we are one people, one Nation; we all live in the same House, the American House. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ). 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to join the chorus of Americans who are calling out for support and re-search and innovation to cure diseases that affect every family and neighbor-hood in America. 
The rule that we have before us 
would allow us to debate the 21st Cen-tury Cures bill forwarded by the En-ergy and Commerce Committee on a unanimous, bipartisan vote. 
What this bill would do would in-
crease, by over $8 billion, research over the next 5 years to be conducted by the National Institutes of Health. Each year, we spend over $700 billion on care for seniors through Medicare; yet we spend just $30 billion a year, roughly, annually, on curing or researching the cures for every disease that plagues our country: Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, can-cer, heart disease, diabetes. 
In all those diseases combined, we 
spend just $30 billion a year on re-search; yet we spend trillions on health care. We know, each year, 600,000 peo-ple will die of cancer. We know, each year in the United States, 700,000 peo-ple will die of Alzheimer’s. These are real people, real families that are in anguish over these and many other dis-eases. 
It is not just a moral issue; it is an 
economic issue. By 2050, estimates are that our country will spend $1.1 trillion annually to treat health care for people with Alzheimer’s alone, over $1 trillion annually; yet we spend just $562 mil-lion a year researching a cure for Alz-heimer’s, a true definition of penny wise and pound foolish. 
This 21st Century Cures bill increases 
our commitment to curing disease, as I said, by over $8 billion over the next 5 years. 
Each of us has a family member or a 
friend with a tragic story about one of these diseases. These diseases know no party affiliation; they don’t know cen-ter of aisle versus the left or right side of the aisle. They know no State; they have no regional boundaries. They don’t know the difference between 
mandatory and discretionary spending. 
To cure these diseases is a moral im-
perative for these families, but to cure these diseases is also an economic im-perative. If we cure one of these dis-eases, our investment will pay for itself a thousand times over. The CBO can’t score that; the CBO can’t make any recognition of that. This is a savings bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BURGESS. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. YODER. I have a 20-month-old 
daughter, and this isn’t just about cur-ing the disease for our generation; it is about curing the disease for her gen-eration and every generation to follow. 
Supporting the 21st Century Cures 
bill bends the cost curve on entitle-ments; it saves our country from going into bankruptcy, and it helps us bal-ance our budget. These investments are not just necessary for our moral imper-ative to save lives, but they are also an economic imperative. 
All those things together means we 
ought to have a robust, large vote in this House to pass this rule and to en-sure that the 21st Century Cures bill goes forward. 
I strongly support it, and I ask my 
colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, the Southern strategy was and is a Republican strategy of gaining polit-ical support for its political candidates by appealing to regional and racial ten-sions in this country based on the his-tory of slavery, the history of the Civil War, racism, and segregation. That is a history that is indefensible, and so is the Confederate battle flag which rep-resents those attitudes. 
I call upon my fellow colleagues in 
the Republican Party to denounce this Southern strategy once and for all and to do what it takes to affirm the tide of this country, which is to do away with that symbol of oppression and racial animist, the Confederate battle flag. 
Let’s remove that flag from our na-
tional cemeteries, from our Park Serv-ice, places of purchasing memorabilia. 
b1500 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 1 minute. 
We do have before us today a unique 
opportunity. We have an opportunity to lay the groundwork for the future. We have the way to lead in the 21st century in providing 21st century cures. 
To be sure, we are providing addi-
tional funding to the National Insti-tutes of Health and we are providing additional funding to the Food and Drug Administration, but we are also placing requirements upon those insti-tutions. 
We all know we have to do things 
faster, better, cheaper, smarter and that we have to do more with less. 
That is what the 21st Century Cures bill lays before us, and that is why this rule is so crucial and critical today and why I urge its passage. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), the rank-
ing member of the Appropriations Sub-committee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to this rule and the under-lying bill. 
The bill provides for an increase of 
$1.75 billion per year in the budget for the National Institutes of Health. I ap-plaud all efforts to increase funding for the NIH. 
I am a survivor of ovarian cancer, 
and I am alive today because of the grace of God and biomedical research. So I appreciate biomedical research. 
Unfortunately, this increase is not 
nearly enough to restore the NIH’s lost purchasing power. Since fiscal year 2010, the National Institutes of Health has seen its budget erode by about $3.6 billion in real terms, an 11 percent cut. If we are serious about funding life-sav-ing medical research, we must raise our level of ambition. 
This bill also sets aside $500 million 
of the increase to be spent in certain specified areas of research. I think that this is a wrong approach. 
The people best placed to decide 
which scientific avenues are worth pur-suing are scientists, not politicians. We should not substitute our judgment for theirs. 
I am also concerned that the bill will 
lower standards for medical device ap-proval at the Food and Drug Adminis-tration and create a new pathway for antibiotic approval that, in my view, involves less rigorous testing require-ments. Again, I think that this is a wrong approach. 
It is our duty to protect the public 
from potentially unsafe devices and drugs. We do not do that by reducing standards. 
Finally, the majority is yet again 
using this bill as a vehicle for anti- choice Hyde amendment language. Since January, the majority and its counterpart in the other Chamber have sought to restrict access to abortion no fewer than 37 times. 
The bottom line on this issue is that 
we need to trust women and that we need to trust the choices they make. We have to trust women. Politicians have no business meddling in those de-cisions. 
For these reasons, I believe that we 
should reject this bill, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 1 minute. 
I would point out that once again re-
authorization of the National Insti-tutes of Health occurred in this Con-gress in the waning days of the 109th Congress in December of 2006. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.044 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4983 July 9, 2015 
Mr. B ARTON reauthorized the NIH at 
a $31 million base to increase by 5 per-cent per year. We were told at the time that that was not enough and, with biomedical inflation at 8.8 percent a year, that it was, in fact, a cut. 
Mr. Speaker, in fact, what happened 
was then, of course, the Democrats took control of the House and the Sen-ate the following year, and they never appropriated the NIH to that 5 percent figure. 
Now, this is not about Republicans 
and Democrats. This is about finding cures for the 21st century. The gentle-woman is correct in that we do direct some of the research dollars within the NIH. 
You will recall, when the stimulus 
bill passed in 2009, $10 billion went into the NIH right then to be spent that year. 
We ended up filling up and filing pa-
perwork from leftover projects, but we got very few deliverables out of that. This directs that research into high- risk, high-reward areas. We need the deliverables from the NIH. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Col-orado (Ms. D
EGETTE ), the ranking 
member of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to give my thanks to F RED 
UPTON for recruiting me to help co-
sponsor this bill with him, and I give my thanks to all of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle for working to-gether on finding cures from the lab into the clinics for so many diseases that we don’t have any treatments for right now. This really is an extraor-dinary effort that we have made, and it really is Congress at its best. 
I do want to mention that I was dis-
appointed when, after the bill passed in the Energy and Commerce Committee 51–0, that in the manager’s amendment the annual riders from the Labor-HHS bill were put into the bill. I think it is unnecessary, and I think that it dis-tracts our attention from the impor-tant mission this bill brings. 
I will be voting for the Lee amend-
ment, but I would urge all of our col-leagues, no matter how you vote on the amendments that are made in order in these rules, to please vote ‘‘yes’’ for the patients of America. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself 1 minute. 
This past weekend, in an op-ed piece 
that was published online, Mr. James Pinkerton wrote: 
As Abraham Lincoln said a century and a 
half ago, the Federal Government should only be doing things that people can’t do for themselves. 
Medical cures are a great example of 
something people can’t do for them-selves at home. That is what we are about this afternoon, providing the rule to allow for the consideration for the cure of the 21st century. 
It is an important rule, and the un-
derlying bill is important. I urge all Members to support both the rule and 
the underlying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tleman from the great State of Massa-chusetts for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, this is an emotional 
time for many of us. This is an impor-tant bill. But we have just gone through an emotional time on this floor, again, raising up the ugliness of the rebel flag. 
I stand again to try and educate both 
the public and our colleagues about the damage that this flag has done to so many, for under that flag many were killed in the name of slavery. 
Interestingly, this is the 150th year 
of the elimination of slavery. I think about health care, and I spoke last evening about lupus, sickle cell ane-mia, and triple-negative breast cancer all falling discriminantly on minority populations. In life, there are still issues that face you because you are different. 
I call upon this House to recognize 
that, although we have many issues to debate, when you pierce the heart of someone because you believe he is infe-rior or different—when you want to coddle and protect the rebel flag—I hope we will get to the point between now and next week, as I introduce H. Res. 342 as a privileged resolution to ban all signs of hate, that we will rise to be unified together and stand under the American flag. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire as to the time remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
W
OMACK ). The gentleman from Texas 
has 81⁄2minutes remaining, and the 
gentleman from Massachusetts has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, may I 
ask of the gentleman from Massachu-setts if he has additional speakers? 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Just I. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ). 
Mr. BURGESS. I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ). 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I just 
wanted to speak about the importance of our acting now to do the right thing in regard to the Confederate flag. 
Many of you may not know, but this 
year marks 100 years of the viewing and the premiere of the film that really sparked the re-emergence of the Con-federate flag, ‘‘The Birth of a Nation.’’ We know that film was bigger than ‘‘Star Wars’’ and ‘‘Jaws’’ and any major blockbuster motion picture. 
That is what ‘‘The Birth of a Nation’’ 
was. It revived the Confederate flag. It made the Confederate flag the symbol of hate that it is today. It actually helped the re-emergence of the second Ku Klux Klan in this country. We know that that is what the Confederate flag 
ultimately stands for. 
It doesn’t have anything to do with 
the Civil War and with the battle, like Mr. C
LYBURN had pointed out earlier, 
because that was a completely dif-ferent flag. It has to do with segrega-tion and keeping us in the past. 
We need to be able to move past it, 
Mr. Speaker. I would ask that my Re-publican colleagues do the right thing and join us in moving forward and in letting the past be the past. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. U
PTON ), the chairman of the 
Energy and Commerce Committee and the author of the Cures legislation. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, as we all 
know, we launched this bipartisan ef-fort about a year and a half ago, and with tomorrow’s House vote, we mark a very important milestone in our quest for 21st century cures, one step closer to the finish line. 
There have been so many individuals 
throughout our 18-month journey who have helped us get to where we are today: patients across the country, ad-vocates, researchers, innovators, ex-perts, academics, regulators, some of the Nation’s brightest minds, even Nobel Prize winners. To all, we say thank you. 
Thank you, too, to the hard-working 
staff, again, on both sides of the aisle, who took the meetings, who did the re-search, who drafted the language, and who sat at the negotiating table for countless hours to help us develop this incredible product: Gary, Joan, Alexa, 
Clay, Paul, Josh, Robert, John, Carly, Katie, Adrianna, Graham, Sean, Noelle, Macey, Mark, Tom, Bits, Marty, Tim, Jeff, and Tiffany. 
And to the Democratic staff, the staff 
of our Members, thank you all. 
Thanks to the House legislative 
counsel and the CBO for your efforts and dedication in working through many, many weekends. 
Thank you to the Members of both 
parties, who really did bring their best ideas, who partnered with one another to make their cases, and who delivered so many of the policies that we wel-come today because we listened. 
I also want to thank Chairman H
AL 
ROGERS and his staff. The Appropria-
tions Committee has been a critical partner in this effort for the last num-ber of months, working with us and de-veloping the right approach to achieve our shared goal of helping patients in a fiscally responsible way. 
I especially want to highlight my 
partner, D
IANA DEGETTE , in her effort 
from day one. She came to my district in Michigan, and I have traveled to Colorado. We have been on a number of road trips for Cures across the country, and I look forward to the next journey down Pennsylvania Avenue. 
I also want to thank Chairman P
ITTS, 
Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. G REEN for their 
really strong partnership. We have made great strides, but our work con-tinues, and we are not going to stop until the ink is dry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.045 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4984 July 9, 2015 
I thank Chairman P ETESESSIONS , Dr. 
BURGESS , and members of the Rules 
Committee for making sure that this legislation has gotten to the floor in a timely fashion. 
I also want to give a hearty thanks 
to a young boy named Max, the 6-year- old ambassador for Cures. Yes, al-though he is faced with the challenges of Noonan syndrome, he has been a lit-tle warrior in that effort. 
He joined us when we had a 51–0 vote 
back on May 21 in the committee, and I am delighted that Max will be by our side tomorrow on the House floor for its final passage. 
Helping Max and others like him is 
why we are here, and helping my friends Brooke and Brielle, which will be part of my general debate discus-sion, is why we are here. 
With a resounding vote tomorrow, we 
will send a signal to the Senate loud and clear that the time for Cures 2015 is now. 
I look forward to working with my 
Senate counterparts on both sides of the aisle to continue the momentum of getting this bill to the President’s desk. We have a chance to do some-thing big, and this is our time. 
b1515 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. Speaker, the 21st Century Cures 
bill is a good bill. I want to thank Mr. U
PTON and Ms. D EGETTE for working in 
a bipartisan way to come up with this product. It invests in NIH. It invests in lifesaving medical research. It makes it more possible that we will find cures to diseases like cancers and Alz-heimer’s and Parkinson’s, diabetes, HIV, and so many other terrible dis-eases that afflict so many of our fellow citizens. 
This is important stuff. Who knows, 
maybe we will even find a cure to the disease that resulted in so many in this House voting for the destructive se-questration initiative that, by the way, cut medical research and put off the day of some of these lifesaving cures. We need to do better than this, but this is an important start, an important step in the right direction, and I hope that my colleagues in a bipartisan way will support it. 
Secondly, as I mentioned before, I 
want to urge my colleagues to vote against the previous question. 
I ask unanimous consent to insert 
the text of the amendment I would offer in the R
ECORD if we defeat the 
previous question, Mr. Speaker. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. If we defeat the pre-
vious question, we will bring up again the Pelosi resolution that my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle chose not to debate. The reason why this is important, the reason why we should do this is very simple: because it is the right thing to do. Every once in awhile we ought to come together in 
this Chamber and do the right thing. The Confederate flag is a symbol of hate; it is a symbol of division; it is a symbol of so many things that we all abhor. The time has come to follow some of the other States in this coun-try and here in Congress do something the American people can be proud of. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ 
and defeat the previous question. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule because it is restric-tive. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a momentous bill 
that will be before us today. This is analogous to the time back in the 1970s when the National Cancer Institute was authorized by Congress in the Nixon administration. This is an oppor-tunity to take that leap forward and perhaps deliver some of those cures that so many of our constituents have waited for for so long. 
Mr. Speaker, we all value institu-
tions and institutional knowledge and institutional learning, but, Mr. Speak-er, we also acknowledge that there are times when we have got to be disrup-tive. There are times that you have to forget the past and move into the fu-ture, and this is one of those times. We are all familiar with the fact that, yeah, the neighborhood bookstore may be gone, but we can order stuff online from Amazon. 
Disruptive technology is as impor-
tant in medicine as it is anywhere else. This bill is paid for. This bill is offset. It sunsets in 5 years’ time. But, as I was reminded by my colleague, the gentleman from Maryland, Dr. A
NDY 
HARRIS , a few days ago, while this bill 
is offset, while we are paying as we go for the increases for the National Insti-tutes of Health and the FDA, what if— what if—one of those moonshots suc-ceeds? 
In May of 2012, Glen Campbell came 
and played a concert at the Library of Congress. This is him and his daughter Ashley. They were on the stage. Glen Campbell went public with the knowl-edge that he has Alzheimer’s disease. He struggled at several points during that concert. It was, in fact, amazing to watch him play his instrument. At times he couldn’t remember the words to the song, and Ashley would help him. 
This is a shot where they did ‘‘Duel-
ing Banjos’’—very, very accomplished and skilled instrumental work that they both did on their instruments that they were playing. What if? What 
if we were to deliver that moonshot and provide that cure that would have prevented Glen Campbell from falling into the recesses of Alzheimer’s illness? What if that cure were within our grasp? What is worse is what if that cure is on a shelf or in a test tube somewhere and we just haven’t quite gotten around to its evaluation? This is important stuff. 
Glen Campbell narrated the sound-
track of my life as I was growing up, from Delight, Arkansas, a gentleman of 
our generation who was so important to so many of us as we were growing up, and he shared with us there on the stage his story and his daughter’s story. You can see his daughter Ashley looking at her dad. If we could preserve her ability to smile at her dad for a lit-tle longer, wouldn’t that be worth some of the fighting that we do here? 
This bill is offset. This bill is paid 
for. 
Mr. Speaker, today’s rule provides 
for consideration of this critical bill, a bill that will transform and advance the discovery, development, and deliv-ery of treatments and cures. 
I applaud all Members who have 
worked on this thoughtful piece of leg-islation, along with Energy and Com-merce staff on both sides of the aisle. All members of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce were asked to bring their ideas to the table, and we worked to include as many as we pos-sibly could. 
I want to express my sincere thanks 
to all the great attorneys at the Legis-lative Counsel who worked around the clock to deliver us the legislative lan-guage. I want to thank Chairman U
PTON , Representative D EGETTE , as 
well as Chairman P ITTS and Ranking 
Members P ALLONE and G REEN for their 
leadership throughout. 
I want to thank all of the staff who 
have worked so hard over the past year; really, literally, all hands were on deck. There is not one staffer of the Subcommittee on Health of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce that does not have their fingerprints all over this bill. I certainly want to thank J.P. Paluskiewicz, Danielle Steele, and Lauren Fleming from my office, who have put in that additional effort to help deliver this product. 
Mr. Speaker, this is an important 
piece of legislation in front of us today. We do, unfortunately, have a lot of dis-tractions, but let us not be distracted from providing the tools for the next generation of doctors, a generation that will have more ability to alleviate human suffering than any generation of doctors has ever known because of our actions here on the floor of the House today. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 350 O FFERED BY  
MR. MCGOVERN OF MASSACHUSETTS  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution, it shall be in order to consider in the House the resolution (H. Res. 355) raising a question of the privileges of the House if called up by Representative Pelosi of Cali-fornia or her designee. All points of order against the resolution and against its consid-eration are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the resolu-tion and preamble to adoption without inter-vening motion except one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and the Majority Leader or his des-ignee. 
S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H. Res. 355. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.046 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4985 July 9, 2015 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS 
ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill, H.R. 2647. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 347 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2647. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) to 
preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1524 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2647) to expedite under the National Environ-mental Policy Act and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire- prone forested lands, and for other pur-poses, with Mr. H
OLDING in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
General debate shall not exceed 1 
hour equally divided among and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minor-ity member of the Committee on Agri-culture and the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. 
The gentleman from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. T
HOMPSON ), the gentleman from 
Minnesota (Mr. P ETERSON ), the gen-
tleman from Utah (Mr. B ISHOP ), and 
the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 15 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. T HOMPSON ). 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong 
support and as an original cosponsor of H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests 
Act of 2015. 
Since the inception of the National 
Forest System in 1905, the fundamental mission of the Forest Service has been to manage our Federal forests and grasslands to meet the needs of present and future generations. As a result, the Forest Service has played a critical role in rural America, partnering to produce timber, natural resources, and jobs, while sustaining the ecological health of the forests and surrounding watersheds. 
National forests have been extremely 
successful in creating recreational and educational opportunities for millions of Americans. However, our forests are facing declining health and simply are not managed as well as they need to be due to numerous challenges that have grown over the past few decades. 
Often unnecessary and prolonged 
planning processes limit the Service from effectively managing our forests. This also goes along with the constant litigation, or even the threat of litiga-tion in some cases. Both of these situa-tions keep boots in the office instead of in the forests and spend money on doing paperwork instead of work in the field. 
The costs of suppressing and fighting 
wildfires has been a growing challenge for the Forest Service, with their fire costs increasing from 13 percent of the Forest Service budget in 1995 to ap-proximately half of the annual budget today. This epidemic of declining health and catastrophic wildfires are in direct correlation to policies that have led to a dramatic decrease in managed acres. Timber harvests have drastically plummeted from almost 13 billion board feet in the late 1980s to only 3 billion board feet of timber in recent years. At the same time, the number of acres affected by the catastrophic wildfires has doubled from around 3 million acres during the second record timber harvest to 6 million acres now. 
This bill reverses this cycle by end-
ing the destructive fire borrowing prob-lem that robs Peter to pay Paul, and it does so in a fiscally responsible man-ner, with the funds only made available for wildfire suppression. In my view, this legislation is the next step to build upon the groundwork laid by the 2014 farm bill and is an earnest attempt to give the Forest Service more authority and much-needed flexibility to deal with these challenges of process, fund-ing, litigation, necessary timber har-vesting, and much-needed manage-ment. 
H.R. 2647 incentivizes and rewards 
collaborations with the private sector on management activities. It allows for State and third-party funding of projects. The bill reauthorizes the re-source advisory committees, known as RACs, while returning county shares of forest receipts for long-term steward-ship projects. 
Perhaps most importantly, the bill 
provides commonsense categorical ex-clusions, or CEs, for certain Forest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.010 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4986 July 9, 2015 
Service projects. These CEs are routine 
and have known impacts and will expe-dite the planning process to get projects up and running. 
To conclude, this is a thoughtful 
piece of legislation that will do much to help the Forest Service to better do its job. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 2647, the Re-
silient Federal Forests Act of 2015. This is a bipartisan piece of legislation that will address some of the burdensome regulations that have arisen from legal challenges and help get our forests ac-tively managed the way we need. 
For some time now we have been con-
cerned about efforts undertaken by ex-treme environmental groups to twist 
laws to their liking. The so-called sue and settle strategy has led to policy changes decided by activists and bu-reaucrats. These policy changes often ignore congressional intent and fail to take into account constituent input and real facts on the ground. Addition-ally, this means a less transparent and less accountable regulatory process. H.R. 2647 will simplify forest manage-ment activities, thereby reducing some of this bad behavior. 
The bill also includes an important 
budgetary fix to help address the rising cost of wildfires. Just this year, the wildfires have burned hundreds of thou-sands of acres and caused millions of dollars of damage. 
b1530 
H.R. 2647 will allow access for our 
land management agencies to the re-sources they need to fight wildfires without having to rob their other ac-counts. The current practice of fire borrowing leads to taking away re-sources from productively managing our forests to keep them healthy and less prone to fire. This bill would end this practice and ensure that agencies have access to the needed resources to fight wildfire disasters all year. 
Again, this is much-needed, bipar-
tisan legislation that addresses many of the issues currently impacting forest management. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2647, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRA-
HAM). 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank my colleague from Ar-kansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ) for intro-
ducing this bill and recognize the hard work done by the Agriculture and Nat-ural Resources Committees to bring this important bill to the floor. 
For too long, failure to properly 
manage our national forests had led to increased tree mortality from wildfires, droughts, insects, and dis-ease. The Resilient Federal Forests Act gives the Forest Service and the Bu-reau of Land Management the tools needed to reverse this trend. This bill will allow critical forest 
health projects to move forward by streamlining regulations, will give par-ishes and counties greater flexibility in how they use forestry revenues, and will ensure Federal agencies have in-creased access to fund in order to fight and prevent wildfires. 
These reforms will put more Ameri-
cans to work through increased man-agement activities and timber produc-tion. It will give money back to our local community for infrastructure and education and will make our forested communities safer by reducing their vulnerability to wildfires. 
In my home State of Louisiana, the 
Kisatchie National Forest covers 604,000 acres, with 382,500 of those acres in my district alone. In all, forestry and the forest products industries ac-counts for well over 18,000 jobs and over $1 billion of income in my district. 
The people of Louisiana know how 
valuable well-managed forests are to the health of our State and our econ-omy. I would imagine forested commu-nities throughout the country know this as well. 
It is time we start being proactive in-
stead of reactive when it comes to managing our national forests. The Re-silient Federal Forests Act will put us back on track to realize the full poten-tial of our forest resources. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mr. PETERSON. I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ), a member of the 
Conservation and Forestry Sub-committee. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 2647, the Resil-ient Federal Forests Act of 2015. 
I represent northern Michigan, which 
has over 20 million acres of Federal, State, and private forest land. Our for-ests are a vital part of the economy in northern Michigan that generate over $16.3 billion per year and creates more than 77,000 jobs. In addition to forestry, the outdoor recreation industry also contributes $18 billion to Michigan’s economy and over 190,000 jobs to our State. 
Healthy forests are vital to our way 
of life in northern Michigan. Like most in my district, I grew up exploring these forests, hunting, fishing, snowmobiling. It is a way of life for so many, not only for those who live up north, but for the millions who visit the forests every year from all around the country. 
Sadly, many of our Federal forests 
are in a state of disrepair these days; they are overgrown, and especially in the Western United States, they are consumed by wildfire. 
The Forest Service, which is en-
trusted with managing 10 percent of the continental United States land base, has identified approximately 58 million acres as being at high risk for catastrophic fire. Even worse, by con-
servative estimates, over 56 billion board feet of timber have simply burned away in wildfires on Forest Service lands over the last 10 years. 
Over the past 10 years, over a billion 
dollars of timber rotted on the stump instead of being sold. Those revenues aren’t available to the U.S. Treasury. The Forest Service couldn’t use the funds to buy seedlings to replant our devastated national forests. We are lit-erally allowing jobs for American fami-lies to burn away in our poorly man-aged Federal lands. Nothing about the current process is working. 
H.R. 2647 takes some very simple 
steps to allow our forests to become healthier and better managed for the future. This bill would streamline tim-ber harvesting on Federal forests in ex-isting land use plans, while reducing the threat of frivolous lawsuits related to forest management. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. W
OMACK ). 
The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. BENISHEK. In addition, this leg-
islation would allow States and Fed-eral forests to react faster to cata-strophic wildfire events, thereby reduc-ing the future risk to public lands. 
Finally, this legislation includes a 
number of collaborative processes for tribal, State, and private contracting, which will lead to healthier and better managed forests. 
I understand that many of my friends 
here today may live in areas with a few forests or low risk of wildfire. I ask all my colleagues here today, especially those not in heavily forested areas, to listen to your friends from forested dis-tricts. 
Support this bipartisan, common-
sense legislation and help improve the health of our forests. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Committee 
will rise informally. 
The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UN-
CANof Tennessee) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate insists upon its amend-ment to the bill (H.R. 1735) ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes,’’ agrees to a conference requested by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and appoints the following Members to be the conferees on the part of the Senate: Mr. M
CCAIN, 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. W ICKER , 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. C OTTON , 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. R EED 
(RI), Mr. N ELSON , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. 
HIRONO , and Mr. K AINE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.049 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4987 July 9, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS 
ACT OF 2015 
The Committee resumed its sitting. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). 
Mr. YOHO. I want to thank the chair-
men—Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. T HOMPSON , 
and Mr. B ISHOP —for their leadership on 
this issue. 
I stand here today in support of cre-
ating more jobs and improving the health of our Nation’s forests through sustainable forest management. 
H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal For-
ests Act of 2015, is a bipartisan bill that will address the growing economic and environmental threats to the cata-strophic wildfires. This piece of legisla-tion is hugely important for my dis-trict and the entire southeastern re-gion of the United States. 
Florida is home to a multitude of na-
tional forests, including the Apalachi-cola, Osceola, and Ocala, which span more than 1.2 million acres in north central Florida. These forests supply over 10,000 acres per year for timber production, creating jobs, lumber prod-ucts, pellet mills for green energy, and paper products. 
This land also allows for recreational 
activities like equestrian and motor-cycle trails and hunting and fishing. In addition, they produce roughly 600 bil-lion gallons of fresh water, and that is all in my home State. 
Due to a lack of proper forest man-
agement, the risk of catastrophic wildfires has increased dramatically. These emergencies draw critical fund-ing away from the Bureau of Land Management accounts intended to pre-vent wildfires, thus creating a chronic problem that is only getting worse. 
This bills ends that inefficiency by 
allowing FEMA to transfer funds to the Forest Service when these disasters occur, ensuring activities like pre-scribed burns and other management techniques are adequately funded. 
This bill improves management prac-
tices, helps prevent wildfires, and should be supported by every Member in this Chamber. 
Again, I commend Chairmen C
ON-
AWAY , THOMPSON , and B ISHOP . 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ), chairman of the Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure Sub-committee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Man-agement. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Chairman, first, 
let me thank the chairmen of the Nat-ural Resources and Agriculture Com-mittees for working with our com-mittee on title IX of the bill. Title IX authorizes the President to 
declare a major disaster for wildfires on Federal lands and provide assistance to the Departments of the Interior and Agriculture for extraordinary wildfire suppression costs in excess of the 10- year average. These provisions protect FEMA’s Disaster Relief Fund and pre-serve FEMA’s wildfire assistance that is currently available to State, local, and tribal governments through the Stafford Act. 
Because this provision was not in-
cluded in the reported bill, a legislative history document has been developed to articulate the congressional intent for title IX, as well as how it is ex-pected to be implemented. 
Mr. Chairman, I will insert this legis-
lative history document into the R
ECORD . 
(Chairman Bill Shuster, Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure, July 9, 2015) 
H.R. 2647: R
ESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS ACT 
OF2015, T ITLE IX—M AJOR DISASTER FOR  
WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LAND 
LEGISLATIVE HISTORY  
Definition of ‘‘Major Disaster’’: By bifur-
cating the definition of ‘‘Major Disaster’’ in the Stafford Act, the Committee preserves the existing definition, and the programs that flow therefrom, and adds an additional definition for ‘‘Major Disaster for Wildfire on Federal Land,’’ for which a separate and dis-tinct declaration, process and assistance have been established pursuant to the new Title VIII of the Stafford Act. ‘‘Major Dis-aster for Wildfire on Federal Land’’ meets the definition ‘‘disaster relief’’ pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
Request for Declaration of a Major Dis-
aster for Wildfire on Federal Land: There are four distinct requirements that must be met before the President may issue a declaration for a major disaster for wildfire on federal land. 
(1) Each request must be made in writing 
by the Secretary making the request on be-half of that Department. 
(2) The requesting Secretary must certify 
that in that current fiscal year, the Depart-ment’s wildfire suppression operations ac-count received no less than an amount equal to the 10-year average. This amount cannot include any carry over from previous years and must include any rescissions or reduc-tions. Also, future 10-year averages must take into account the total amount expended on wildfire suppression, including appropria-tions and assistance provided under Title VIII of the Stafford Act. 
(3) The requesting Secretary must certify 
that all funds available for wildfire suppres-sion operations will be obligated within 30 days and there are wildfires on federal lands continuing to burn that will require fire-fighting beyond the resources currently available. 
(4) The requesting Secretary must request 
a specific amount which is the estimate of funds needed to address the current wildfires on federal lands. 
The Committee does not intend for the re-
spective Secretary to have to make a request for each fire they anticipate will exceed the wildfire suppression operations appropria-tions. As the definition for ‘‘Major Disaster for Wildfire on Federal Lands’’ includes ‘‘wildfire or wildfires’’, it is intended that the respective Secretary’s request will in-clude all known fires that will require ex-traordinary resources beyond those remain-ing in the wildfire suppression operations ac-
count of that specific federal land manage-ment agency. Each Secretary will make a re-quest for the resources required by that par-ticular department. 
Assistance Available for a Major Disaster 
for Wildfire on Federal Land: The only as-sistance available for a declaration of a major disaster for wildfife on federal land is the transfer of available funds from a new account established for these purposes to the requesting Secretary in the amount re-quested. 
The Committee intends for the funds ap-
propriated into the new account established by the President for major disaster for wild-fire on federal land assistance will be des-ignated by Congress as being for disaster re-lief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
The declaration and assistance available 
for a major disaster for wildfire on federal lands are based on the existing major dis-aster declaration process delegated by the President to be administered by the FEMA Administrator. The Committee expects the process for a major disaster for wildfire on federal land will be managed in a similar manner through a delegation of the Presi-dent’s authority to the FEMA Adminis-trator. Further, the Committee expects that the account established by the President for a major disaster for wildfire on federal land will be a dedicated sub-account of FEMA’s Disaster Relief Fund. However, pursuant to the legislative language, none of these funds can be comingled or transferred between these accounts. 
Once assistance is transferred to the De-
partment of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture, it is not required that the as-sistance be used only for those wildfires identified in the request. The assistance may be used for wildfires that begin after the dec-laration or were not identified in the re-quest. Funds transferred may be used for all wildfire suppression operations eligible ac-tivities. The Committee anticipates these will be no year funds, available until ex-hausted. 
It is entirely foreseeable that a wildfire 
that begins on or severely impacts federal lands requiring assistance under Title VIII of the Stafford Act could continue to grow, im-pacting state, local, tribal governments and certain non-profit properties and infrastruc-ture. The provision of assistance under Title 
VIII of the Stafford Act in no way impacts the ability of state, local and tribal govern-ments and certain non-profits to apply for assistance under FEMA’s other disaster pro-grams, if eligible, including the Fire Man-agement Assistance Grant Program, an emergency declaration, or a traditional major disaster declaration. 
Prohibition on Transfers: No longer can 
the Department of the Interior and the De-partment of Agriculture borrow from non- fire suppression accounts to fund the ex-traordinary needs of wildfire suppression op-erations. 
SECTION -BY-SECTION  
Section 901. Wildfire on Federal Lands: 
This section defines a major disaster for wildfire on federal lands. 
Section 902. Declaration of a Major Dis-
aster for Wildfire on Federal Lands: This sec-tion establishes the procedure for requesting a declaration of a major disaster for wildfire on federal lands and provides for assistance. 
Section 903. Prohibition on Transfers: This 
section prohibits the transfer of funds be-tween wildfire suppression accounts and other accounts not used to cover the cost of wildfire suppression operations. 
Mr. BARLETTA. After watching the 
floodwaters of Hurricane Irene and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.051 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4988 July 9, 2015 
Tropical Storm Lee destroy the homes 
and upset the lives of my constituents, my first priority has been to protect the programs that come to their aid, namely the disaster relief fund. 
This is a program that helps families 
get back into their homes, businesses reopen their doors, and local munici-palities clear the streets so that our communities can recover when the next big storm strikes. 
I have seen the disaster relief fund 
provide assistance when it is needed most. Our constituents rely on Federal disaster assistance. It should not be jeopardized under any circumstances. 
Again, let me thank Chairman 
B
ISHOP and Chairman C ONAWAY for 
working with the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, can I inquire as to how much time remains? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) has 
3 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
ETERSON ) has 13 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UN-
CAN). 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in strong support of this legislation, and I thank the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania for yielding me this time. 
This bill, Mr. Chairman, will stream-
line the Forest Service planning, al-lowing for more forest thinning, reduc-ing wildfire damage, and creating much stronger Federal forests. More national forest thinning means fewer forest fires. 
I served for 22 years on the Natural 
Resources Committee. Several years ago, I was told that there were 6 billion board feet of dead and dying trees in the national forests; yet we were cut-ting less than 3 billion board feet a year. This was leading to a tremendous buildup of fuel on the floor of these for-ests, leading to millions more acres being burned because we weren’t cut-ting enough trees. 
In the late eighties, we were har-
vesting 10 to 11 billion board feet a year. We had 3 to 6 million acres lost to forest fires each year at that time. Now, we are harvesting a little over 1 billion board feet a year, and the acre-age lost to forest fires has gone way up: 10 million acres lost in 2006, 9 million in 2011, and on and on and on. It is a shame. 
Allowing this renewable resource to 
be used, everything made with wood— houses, all types of wood products, ev-erything else made from wood—would be cheaper. This would help lower-in-come people most of all. 
If we allow more trees to be cut, 
thousands of jobs could be created not just for loggers, but also in construc-tion and in businesses making wood products. This also would help lower- income people most of all. We shouldn’t just let these forests 
burn. We should use them to help peo-ple. If you want more forest fires, vote against this bill, but if you want to help preserve our national forests and make them healthier and help the economy in the process, then you should vote for this bill. 
This is a very moderate response to 
what has become a big and fast grow-ing problem. We should not give in to extremists and oppose this bill. This is good legislation, and I commend Chair-man P
ETERSON , Chairman C ONAWAY , 
and Chairman T HOMPSON for bringing 
this very intelligent, sensible legisla-tion to the floor. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ). 
Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to clear up some misconcep-tions about H.R. 2467 and take a little time to tell you what this bill really is and what it is not. 
Contrary to a statement put out by 
the President and some of my col-leagues on my side of the aisle, this is not a complete abrogation of environ-mental protections or NEPA process on our Federal lands. 
This is a streamlined process for a 
very, very small portion of Federal for-est land subject to catastrophic nat-ural disasters and already subject to expensive collaborative, resource advi-sory committee, or wildfire protection plans—a very narrow subset of our Fed-eral forests. 
For the folks back East, I would like 
to remind them that, out West, forest land occupies a great chunk of our States. 
b1545 
Over half of my State of Oregon is 
Federal forestland. Most of that is managed by the Forest Service or the BLM. 
Three-fourths of my State is dis-
tinctly rural, little access to this postrecession recovery. Frankly, in-deed, these guys were in a recovery for the last 20, 30 years, when timber har-vesting came to a screaming halt under our so-called forest plans. Their recov-ery, their prosperity, is irrevocably en-twined with smarter, healthier forest policy that promotes resiliency, which this bill does, and sustainability, which this bill does. 
This bill is narrowly crafted to build 
upon the growing trust, hopefully, be-tween old environmental and timber adversaries by showing what can be done with good forest policy in a col-laborative framework on our Federal forestlands. 
Currently, dead, diseased, wildfire- 
subjected Federal forestland contrib-utes millions of tons of carbon annu-ally to our atmosphere. Rotting trees are carbon polluters. Burning forests are carbon polluters. 
Our forests need to be cleaned up and 
made healthy again. If you care at all about climate change or the health of our Federal forests or, hopefully, the health of rural communities around 
America, you should be for this nar-rowly crafted bill to collaboratively build a sustainable forest policy. 
I would like to reiterate that this bill 
only pertains to a narrow set of projects and lands, including areas af-fected by or likely to be affected by these natural disasters. 
This only deals with lands subject to 
collaborative processes or under these federally sanctioned resource advisory committees already in place or covered by community wildfire protection plans. In other words, these are areas that already have had extensive proactive management discussions on these lands with community partners across the environmental and timber resource spectrum. This is exactly where a streamlined NEPA process should be placed. 
Contrary to information you have re-
ceived, this is not eliminating environ-mental impact statements. It does per-mit a small exclusion of 5,000 to 15,000 acres for a narrow type of project. 
The Forest Service is currently 
spending hundreds of millions of dol-lars on NEPA compliance, the single biggest factor in limiting the amount of work the agency can get done on the ground. 
It also has an innovative approach to 
restoring forests after a wildfire. No permanent roads are allowed to be built, current stream buffers stay in place unless the regional forester has a compelling reason to change them, and reforestation is required with an eye to creating more successional habitat, something our environmental commu-nity has wanted for a long time. 
You can’t accelerate the process 
here. Where are you going to do it? Didn’t we accelerate the process a lit-tle after Sandy or Katrina? 
You know, some of our colleagues, 
some of my citizens, several of my con-stituents out west are feeling that there is a lack of fairness in our dis-aster policy. 
It is common practice for radical 
groups to file a litany of alleged griev-ances on any forest project that is sug-gested, mostly just to drag out the process and delay good forest policy they disagree with, at great taxpayer expense. Most of these claims are pure-ly procedural. 
We must reform this legal gotcha 
game by forcing these groups to focus on legitimate, substantive claims of impropriety that they feel they can win on. That is fair, and that is what this bonding proposal actually does. 
Folks, for people in rural Oregon and 
rural America, they are being left be-hind. The timber economy was the major economy for these forested re-gions for decades. They are not seeing large companies, high-tech manufac-turing moving into their remote areas. These are communities that have de-pended on our renewable natural re-sources for their livelihood. 
Our forests are a catastrophe waiting 
to happen. They are much less diverse 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.052 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4989 July 9, 2015 
than they used to be. This drought is 
about the worst it has been out west in a long, long time. Our forests are 
tinderboxes waiting to burst aflame. 
Let’s begin to work collaboratively. 
Give local communities the tools they need and have to deal with and prevent these catastrophes, frankly, learn how to work together again to build healthier forests and healthier rural communities. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
don’t believe I have any additional speakers. I could yield time to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania if he wishes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
have some additional speakers. That would be appreciated. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I ask 
unanimous consent to yield the bal-ance of my time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania to finish out. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Minnesota yields the balance of his time, which is 8 minutes, to the gentleman from Pennsylvania to control. 
There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the ranking member for his gen-erosity and his leadership on the im-portant issue of agriculture, and cer-tainly on this bill as well. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, thank 
you for your work on this critical leg-islation. 
The Resilient Federal Forest Act is 
key if the Forest Service is to have the flexibility it needs to actively manage our Nation’s Federal timberland. 
Now, I come from a State where for-
estry is critically important to our economy and our ecosystem. In fact, forestry is a $13 billion industry in Ala-bama. Thankfully, my State does not have a serious issue with wildfires due to our active forest management. That said, it does not mean that my area isn’t impacted by the wildfire crisis. 
The Forest Service and the Bureau of 
Land Management are forced to spend so much money fighting wildfires that they have to take money away from other nonfire accounts that, ironically, help prevent wildfires, like thinning and controlled burns. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill just makes 
sense. By simplifying the environ-mental process requirements and re-ducing burdensome regulations that hinder active forest management on Federal timberland, we can help reduce wildfires and protect our Nation’s for-ests. 
So I want to thank the gentleman 
from Arkansas and others for their work on this bill and the continued leadership on behalf of our Nation’s foresters. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
in this House to support this legisla-tion, and I call on the Senate to act on this bill right away. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Oregon, (Mr. W
ALDEN ), an Eagle Scout. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the members of the com-mittee on both sides, my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, for their great work on this legislation. This is really, really important. 
My colleague from Oregon (Mr. 
S
CHRADER ) spoke eloquently about 
what our State faces and our rural communities face, and that is why this Resilient Federal Forests Act is so im-portant to beginning to be a game changer, to getting us back into active management of our Federal forestlands, to reducing the threat of wildfire, the cost of wildfire, the de-struction of wildfire, and the incredible pollution from wildfire. 
As we speak here today on the House 
floor, brave firefighters are still trying to contain the Corner Creek fire, which has already burned nearly 29,000 acres of forestland near Dayville, Oregon, in my district—29,000 acres already burned. And unfortunately, this fire season in the West has only just begun. 
Among the many strong provisions in 
this bill are streamlining planning, re-ducing frivolous lawsuits, and speeding up the pace of forest management. Sev-eral in particular are helpful to our great State of Oregon. 
For national forests in eastern Or-
egon, this legislation repeals the prohi-bition on harvesting trees over 21 inches in diameter. Now, there is no real ecological reason for this. It was a temporary measure put in place 20- some years ago, nearly. It remains today. It didn’t make sense then, it doesn’t make sense now, and it will be repealed. 
This flawed one-size-fits-all rule il-
lustrates, I think, just how broken the Federal forest management has be-come. So it greatly limits the flexi-bility forest managers have to do what is right for the health and ecosystem of the forests to make them more resil-ient, more fire tolerant. 
This bill also includes legislation I 
wrote with my colleagues from Oregon, Representatives DeFazio and K
URT 
SCHRADER , pertaining to Oregon’s 
unique O&C Lands. It will cut costs, in-crease timber harvests and revenue to local counties. 
The BLM is also directed to revise 
their flawed management plan pro-posals to consider the clear statutory mandate to manage these lands for sus-tainable timber production and rev-enue to the counties. 
Finally, one look at the fires around 
the West makes clear that the status quo simply is not working for our for-ests, for our communities, or for the environment. We need to do better. This Resilient Federal Forests Act will do that. It will bring better and healthier forests and healthier commu-nities. 
I thank the committee for taking up 
this good piece of legislation and en-courage my colleagues to approve it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE). 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, as a fifth 
generation Montanan, I grew up in tim-ber country. Our mills and train yards were in full swing, and visitors from around the world flocked to see Glacier Park. Revenues from the timber indus-try were reinvested in the community, and conservation efforts of the Forest Service helped our timber harvest. 
Building a strong tourist economy 
and a strong timber economy are not mutually exclusive. That is why I sup-port—strongly support—the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015. It does what it should do. It encourages local organizations to work together on col-laborative projects that revitalize the economy. But not only that, it revital-izes our forests. 
Think about it. As we debate this bill 
today, there are two wildfires in my home State of Montana, just a few miles from where I grew up. And as of today, more than 3.9 million acres across our Nation have burned in wildfires this year alone. That is larger than the entire State of Connecticut. 
We are on track for more than dou-
ble, if conditions don’t improve. Just last week, the Forest Service, whom I visited, said we are in the perfect storm. In the words of the former Chief of the Forest Service, Chief Bosworth, we don’t have a fire problem as much as we have a land management prob-lem. That is why this bill is so impor-tant. 
Last week, when traveling across my 
district, I toured the site of the Glacier Rim fire. This fire is burning the same ground that burned in 2003. I was told by people on the ground that the rea-son why this fire is burning is the For-est Service was not able to conduct a salvage operation for fear of lawsuits, among other reasons, and those law-suits left standing timber which cannot be addressed by crews, which only can be addressed by helicopters, and that is a $1 million project. And habitat, it is a member, a part of the core grizzly habitat. It has not burned once; it has burned twice in 15 years. 
So we need more scientists in the 
woods and less lawyers, and I urge my colleagues to join me in a bipartisan effort to support this bill. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ). 
Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank my colleagues from Pennsyl-vania and Utah and their committee work on this. 
Management reduces catastrophic 
wildfire. In the high desert rangelands of Nevada, as well as the conifer forests of such mountain ranges as the Sierra Nevadas around Lake Tahoe, the Ruby Mountains around Elko, or the Toiyabes around Austin, Nevada, we have a 100-year resource there. Once it burns, it is 100 years before it comes back by the time you take into ac-count those moisture regimens and ev-erything affiliated with that. And then 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.053 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4990 July 9, 2015 
when you have years-long processes 
after it burns to get permission just to go after that, this is great legislation. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
the Razorback State for his work on it and the other folks that have helped him. 
One of the reasons that this is so im-
portant to our State is, in the last 20 years, just on BLM land, we have burned between 6 and 7 million acres. And guess what. We are dealing with a thing called the sage-grouse listing, where they talk about loss and frag-mentation of habitat. It is nobody’s fault, mostly lightning-caused fires 40 miles from the end of the nearest dirt road—6 or 7 million acres to cata-strophic wildland fire. 
More management, more restoration, 
thinning of fuels, and also the ability to recognize that the funding for this is something that needs to be a FEMA-re-lated thing rather than just through the normal budget process are all great ideas. 
I want to thank my colleagues for 
their help. On behalf of the people of the Silver State, thank you very much. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to thank all my colleagues, Ranking Member P
ETER -
SON, who all spoke on this very impor-
tant bill. 
H.R. 2647 is a commonsense, bipar-
tisan solution to start fixing a broken system. 
Right now, miles of red tape and con-
stant litigation, usually from groups that refuse to come to the table, are preventing our forests from receiving the active management they des-perately need. This leads to more cata-strophic wildfires and more money di-verted from other priorities to fight fires. 
This legislation will aid in reversing 
this cycle. It gives the agencies more flexibility to manage our Federal lands, which protects wildlife habitat and surrounding watersheds, spurs growth in the rural economy, and saves time and saves money. 
I want to thank Mr. W
ESTERMAN for 
his leadership on this, Chairman C ON-
AWAY , Chairman B ISHOP , Ranking 
Member P ETERSON . 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1600 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H ULTGREN ). 
The gentleman from Utah is recognized for 15 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I appreciate the opportunity of being here, talking about this significant bill that is going to increase and improve our status quo. 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman 
from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ), to 
begin our portion of this debate, who is the chief sponsor of this particular bill, who has a personal background, actu-ally, having earned a degree in forestry even from the State of Arkansas. 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise today in support of H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act. This bi-partisan legislation will give the For-
est Service tools it needs to better manage our national forests. 
As a professional forester, I see that 
our forests are in decline and lack re-siliency. 
President Teddy Roosevelt, who 
worked alongside a fellow Yale for-ester, Gifford Pinchot, to create the U.S. Forest Service, are the two I would credit as the fathers of our na-tional forest. 
Roosevelt said, ‘‘The Nation behaves 
well if it treats the natural resources as assets which it must turn over to the next generation increased and not impaired in value.’’ 
We have problems with our current 
forest policy that is leaving one of our most treasured natural resources less resilient, decreased, and impaired in value. 
It is not only our forests that suffer. 
Without forests that are healthy, we have poor water quality, poor air qual-ity, less wildlife habitat, less biodiver-sity. My bill aims to fix these prob-lems, and it aims to fix them through proactive and sound management. 
First, our forests are living and dy-
namic, but we have a problem of de-layed decisionmaking or, even worse, no decisionmaking at all. This bill 
incentivizes collaboration and speeds up the implementation of collaborative projects while safeguarding strong and timely environmental reviews. 
We have a problem of not salvaging 
timber destroyed in catastrophic events, which makes the forest more dangerous, increases future wildfire problems, and makes it difficult for re-forestation. This bill sets up require-ments for salvage and reforestation. The Forest Service would have to im-plement greater reforestation in re-sponse to catastrophic events. 
Typically, less than 3 percent of an 
area is reforested after a catastrophic event. This is unacceptable. My bill re-quires 75 percent reforestation within 5 years. 
We have a problem in our rural com-
munities that not only depend on our forests for their sustenance, but also provide emergency services, education, and support for the forests and resi-dents who live near the forest. 
As our forests are decreased and im-
paired in value, our forest communities immediately suffer and suffer even more in the future. 
My bill gives counties flexibility in 
spending Secure Rural Schools funding and puts 25 percent of stewardship con-tracts into the county treasury for our schools and other public services. 
There are other policy problems this 
legislation solves, but none are more important than problems caused by having to spend too much of our Forest Service budget for reactive fire sup-pression rather than on proactive sound management and fire prevention. 
This bill ends the destructive prac-
tice of fire borrowing in a fiscally re-sponsible manner. It creates a sub-account under the Stafford Act specifi-cally for fighting wildfire. I would like to thank Chairmen 
B
ISHOP , C ONAWAY , and S HUSTER for 
their assistance with this critical bi-partisan bill. Our national forests des-perately need scientific management to become resilient again. 
In the words of Roosevelt, I call on us 
to behave well, to treat our forest re-sources as assets that we will turn over to the next generation increased and not impaired in value. 
I look forward to advancing this bill 
today and call on the Senate to act promptly to ease the burdens of the summer fire season. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Massachusetts is recognized for 15 minutes. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Our national forests are a public good 
that are tasked to provide multiple benefits to the American people. These include clean water, clean air, wildlife habitat, open space, as well as robust recreation and timber economies that provide jobs and partner with Federal land managers to improve forest health. 
Everyone agrees that we must in-
crease the pace of restoration work to limit the impacts of catastrophic wildfires and to improve the long-term health of our forests. 
H.R. 2647 does contain some new 
thinking and potentially useful con-cepts that, if done right, could help the Forest Service achieve its long-term goal of healthy, sustainable forests. 
For example, the bill provides incen-
tives for collaboration, which has been identified as a priority by witnesses from both sides of the aisle. 
It also proposes some creative ways 
to finance forest restoration projects developed through collaboration. 
H.R. 2647 also offers a potential solu-
tion to the devastating impact of fire borrowing, the practice of transferring funds away from forest restoration projects for use in fighting wildfires. 
Throughout the debate over forest 
policy and this particular bill, Demo-crats, including myself, have urged the majority to deal with how we pay for the largest and most catastrophic wildfires, which represent only 1 per-cent of wildfires, but consume 30 per-cent of the entire agency’s firefighting budget. 
I am glad that the majority acknowl-
edges the urgent need to address the fact that over 50 percent of the Forest Service budget goes to fighting wildfires, squeezing out funds needed for all other critical Forest Service programs, most especially those that focus on forest health. 
However, these helpful provisions do 
not offset the many serious concerns that I still have with this legislation, which was developed without any input from Natural Resources Committee Democrats. 
In fact, when the Federal Lands Sub-
committee held its hearing, the bill was still in draft form. This process even left the Forest Service without 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.054 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4991 July 9, 2015 
the opportunity to provide adequate or 
meaningful testimony. 
Instead of working together on a bi-
partisan basis to improve the health of our national forests, about which we all care, this bill irresponsibly chips away at the environmental safeguards of the National Environmental Policy Act and places tremendous burdens on American citizens seeking to partici-pate in the public review process of Forest Service projects. 
For example, H.R. 2647 would ‘‘cat-
egorically exclude’’ or exempt a wide range of timber and restoration projects from critical environmental analysis and public review. This means that thousands of acres of sensitive ecosystems would be much more vul-nerable to degradation and damage. 
The changes to the judicial review 
process raise serious constitutional concerns, eroding some of the bedrock principles of the American legal sys-tem that protect the basic rights of citizens to participate in the Federal decisionmaking process and to hold their government accountable. 
If this legislation were to become 
law, a citizen challenging a Federal de-cision would be required to post a bond equal to the government’s cost, ex-penses, and attorneys’ fees. 
If plaintiffs lose, the government is 
paid out of that bond. But if plaintiffs win—and by win, I mean a court has to rule in favor of plaintiffs on all causes of action—plaintiffs simply have their bond returned and are precluded from getting an award of attorneys’ fees. 
As our colleagues on the Judiciary 
Committee can attest, this provision flies directly in the face of American legal precedent. 
Public lands, including our national 
forests, belong to all Americans. They are a public good. Bedrock environ-mental laws, like the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act, makes sure that the public voice is heard and that crit-ical habitats are protected not only for species that rely on our national for-ests and grasslands, but also for Amer-ican citizens who depend on these lands for their drinking water and economic livelihoods or simply to enjoy their treasured beauty. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this legislation, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). 
Mr. D EFAZIO. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Chair, I have been working on 
forest policy for my entire tenure in Congress. I have some of the most pro-ductive and fabulous forest lands in the entire Federal system, both Forest Service and BLM lands, under a unique O&C management. 
But here we are again headed into a 
very, very potentially bad fire season, June record heat, no precipitation. We had very little snowpack last winter, and the heavy fuels are already as dry 
as they get. 
We have seen this before. The fires 
will break out. BLM and Forest Service can’t stop fighting the fires. So they will borrow from other accounts, in-cluding fuel reduction to protect forest values and communities, forest health, and a myriad of other programs. 
This happens year after year after 
year. It is time to end that, and this bill takes that first step in ending that practice of fire borrowing. 
And that is of tremendous benefit to 
the resource agencies, the resources themselves, and our preparedness and capability of fighting fires. That alone gives this bill tremendous merit. 
It deals with some other long-
standing issues in Oregon. We adopted something called temporary eastside screens back in 1993, I believe, saying you couldn’t cut any tree over 21 inches in diameter. 
It makes no biological sense, and it 
makes no sense to the premier forest scientists in the world, Jerry Franklin and Norm Johnson. 
You have nonnative fir trees that are 
growing there, because of repression of fire for the last 100 years, that are 100 years old. They are over 21 inches. 
But they are growing in stands of 
ponderosas that are 200 years old, and they are going to kill the ponderosa stands, the native trees. 
But the Forest Service can’t go in 
and deal with that issue. With this leg-islation they finally can. 
On our unique O&C lands, there is a 
provision of the Northwest Forest Plan called Survey and Manage, literally crawling around on the forest floor, looking for slugs, snails, calling for owls, and doing all these things 3 years in a row. 
This, again, is not necessary, accord-
ing to the premier scientists, and is in-credibly expensive and time-consuming on the part of the Bureau of Land Man-agement. 
In fact, the Bureau of Land Manage-
ment’s new plans—each plan, no mat-ter what the output level, would do away with that practice. So this bill does away with that practice, saving the BLM resources and moving ahead with better management. 
There are a number of other issues 
that relate to these O&C lands. I want to thank Chairman B
ISHOP and Chair-
man M CCLINTOCK for working with my-
self, Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. W ALDEN in 
order to address these issues, extending the comment period, developing new management options. 
BLM is refusing, despite the Oregon 
Delegation’s bipartisan request to ex-tend the comment period on these crit-ical management plans. So that itself is also great merit. 
There are provisions in the bill that 
I don’t like and don’t support. 
We will be given an opportunity with 
the Polis amendment to deal with the bonding issue and the cost recovery issue, which I don’t think belongs in this bill. I have concerns about the magnitude 
of the CEs for fire recovery and sal-vage. But, on balance, the other parts of this bill are important to the point where the bill should receive support from people that care about the future of our forests. 
Mr. Chair, I have been working on forestry 
issues for a long time—nearly 30 years. I rep-resent a district with some of the most produc-tive public timberlands in the entire world. I also represent a district that cares deeply— passionately—about the environment and our incredible national forests. 
For 30 years I have been trying to find a 
middle ground on national forest policy—a bal-anced approach. I believe that having a healthy timber industry, good paying jobs in rural communities, and permanent protection for our nation’s most iconic resources—like old growth trees and pristine rivers—are not and should not be mutually exclusive. 
Do I think the bill before the House today is 
a perfect bill? Absolutely not. But when you are working on a contentious, complex, and often emotional issue like national forest pol-icy—there is no such thing as a ‘‘perfect bill.’’ 
The truth is our national forests are burning 
up at an alarming rate. They are dying from disease and bugs. Our land management agencies don’t have the financial resources or tools to deal with existing threats let alone emerging threats, like climate change. The Federal Government spends billions of dollars every year to fight fires on public lands, rather than investing those dollars in forest health and resiliency to reduce wildfire risks. 
Our rural and forested communities continue 
to suffer from double digit unemployment. Even the mills that have retrofitted to process small diameter logs are struggling to make it. And rural counties dependent on timber re-ceipts are failing to keep violent criminals in jail, sheriff deputies on our roads, and kids and teachers in the classroom. 
So, again, no. I don’t think this is a perfect 
bill. But, Congress needs to do something to change the status quo for our forests and rural communities. We need to have this conversa-tion and work together to find middle ground. 
WILDFIRE FUNDING  
And there are some good provisions in this 
bill. One of the most important provisions at-tempts to end ‘‘fire borrowing’’—a top priority of mine when I was Ranking Member of the Natural Resources Committee and a remain-ing priority of mine as Ranking Member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee that has jurisdiction over FEMA. 
Right now, when federal land managers ex-
haust congressionally appropriated dollars to fight fires, the agencies have to borrow money from other accounts. Often times those ac-counts fund the very activities—like thinning overstocked plantations, reducing hazardous fuels, or completing work in the Wildland Urban Interface—that can actually help reduce the risk of catastrophic wildfires! That’s a ter-rible way to do business. 
Catastrophic wildfires should be treated like 
other natural disasters and we should stop robbing Peter to pay Paul. The wildfire funding language in this bill—while not perfect—moves us in the right direction. 
EASTSIDE SCREENS  
This bill also includes provisions that will im-
prove forest management in the Pacific North-west. The bill would remove the unscientific 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.055 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4992 July 9, 2015 
and arbitrary ‘‘Eastside Screens’’ that prohibit 
the Forest Service from cutting any tree in Eastern Oregon and Eastern Washington that is larger than 21 inches in diameter. 
Supporters of the Eastside Screens forget 
that the 21 inch rule was intended to provide interim protection for larger, older trees until scientifically based standards for old growth were established. Well, guess what? After more than two decades those standards have still not been established, handcuffing the For-est Service from carrying out common sense forest projects. 
Today, even if there is a non-native, 22-inch 
diameter Douglas fir tree that is outcompeting and putting at risk a native, 200 year-old stand of ponderosa pine, you can’t cut that fir. That would violate the Eastside Screens. 
That doesn’t make any sense. Yes, we 
need protection for old growth forests and I was the first to pass permanent, legislative protection for old growth in Western Oregon out of the House last year. But, those protec-tions should be scientific and implementable. 
O&C LANDS  
The same goes for standards established 
more than 20 years ago, known as Survey and Manage, that literally has land manage-ment personnel on their hands and knees on the forest floor looking for liverworts, fungi, slugs, snails, mosses, and 300 other types of flora and fauna before any forest activity can take place. I am all for robust analysis and considering the impacts of human activity on rare and special species. But we also need to be responsible stewards of taxpayer dollars and aware of the consequences of over-anal-ysis, lengthy delays, and not taking action. 
The Bureau of Land Management (BLM) 
agrees with me. That’s why all of the Re-source Management Plan alternatives for Western Oregon would eliminate Survey and Manage. 
Unfortunately, the BLM still has some work 
to do on the Resource Management Plans for the statutorily unique O&C Lands. Despite re-quests from most of the Oregon Congres-sional Delegation to extend the public com-ment period to analyze thousands of pages of documentation for the alternatives, the BLM decided not to award an extension. 
I want to thank Chairman B
ISHOP and Chair-
man M CCLINTOCK for working with me, Rep. 
WALDEN , and Rep. S CHRADER to include lan-
guage that would direct the BLM to consider additional alternatives for the O&C Lands— 
ranging from a sustained yield alternative to a carbon storage alternative—and to extend the public comment period by 180 days. These Resource Management Plans will govern man-agement on the O&C Lands for years to come—perhaps decades—and we must get them right. Taking time to analyze new alter-natives and giving the public more time to re-view and comment is absolutely crucial. 
I also want to thank the respective Chair-
men for incorporating the Public Domain lands within the O&C land base. These lands in Western Oregon are already managed in the same manner. Reclassifying the Public Do-main lands as O&C Lands will improve man-agement efficiency, provide clarity to the BLM, and create additional revenues for the O&C Counties. 
But, as I mentioned, this bill isn’t perfect. In 
fact, it includes a number of troubling provi-sions that should be completely eliminated or substantially modified before being signed into law. PROVISIONS OF CONCERN  
For example, the bill would allow categorical 
exclusions (CEs) for salvage logging projects up to 5,000 acres in size. That’s 20 times larg-er than the current 250-acre size limitation for salvage logging CEs adopted by the Bush Ad-ministration. Unfortunately, the Committee adopted an amendment during markup that eliminated key restrictions on the construction of temporary roads within the salvage project area. These provisions are a non-starter. 
The bill allows CEs for projects intended to 
create early successional habitat. I worked with the pre-eminent scientists in the world on pilot projects in Oregon with similar manage-ment goals. But for these projects to work and for there to be social buy-in, there need to be strong sideboards for such projects, like green tree retention requirements and old growth protection. 
Language has been added that could ex-
empt the application of herbicides from a full environmental impact statement when used to ‘‘improve, remove, or reduce the risk of wild-fire.’’ I understand the Forest Service uses herbicides in limited circumstances to address noxious weeds and other threats through man-ual application. But such application should re-main extremely limited, publicly transparent, and restricted to manual application instead of aerial application. There should be no ambi-guity in this language and its intent, nor should it expand herbicide application on public lands. 
This bill would make it harder for a person 
with a legitimate grievance against a federal land management agency to sue by requiring that person to post a bond covering the antici-pated costs, expenses, and attorneys’ fees of the government to defend the lawsuit. I under-stand you want to limit frivolous lawsuits or lawsuits from parties that don’t meaningfully engage in the public process. But this isn’t the way to do it. I will be voting for an amendment later today to strike the entire section. 
Mr. Chair, this bill has some important, bal-
anced provisions. It also has some controver-sial, unnecessary provisions. We know that this bill, in its current form, will not be signed by the president. But I want to keep this con-versation moving forward and I want to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, House and Senate, to do something meaning-ful for our rural communities and national for-ests. I will support this bill today with the un-derstanding that this legislation still needs work, significant improvement, and further compromise. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ), the chairman of the Sub-
committee on Federal Lands, who has helped shepherd this bill through the committee process. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, excess timber comes 
out of the forest one way or another. It is either carried out or its burned out, but it comes out. 
Years ago, when we carried it out, we 
had healthy forests and a thriving economy. We managed our national forests according to well-established and time-tested forest management practices that prevented vegetation and wildlife from overgrowing the abil-ity of the land to support it. Revenues from the sale of excess tim-
ber provided for prosperous local economies and a steady stream of reve-nues to the Treasury which could, in turn, be used to further improve the public lands. 
But 40 years ago, in the name of sav-
ing the environment, we consigned our national forests to a policy of benign neglect. And the results are all around us today, not only the impoverished mountain communities, but an utterly devastated environment. 
b1615 
Our forests are now dangerously 
overgrown. Trees that once had room to grow and thrive now fight for their lives in competition with other trees from the same ground. In this dis-tressed condition, they fall victim to pestilence, disease, and catastrophic wildfire. My goodness, we can’t even salvage dead timber anymore. 
This legislation is the first step back 
towards sound, scientific management of our national forests. It streamlines fire and disease prevention programs. It expedites restoration of fire-dam-aged lands. It protects forest managers from frivolous lawsuits, and it does so without requiring new regulations, rules, planning, or mapping. 
Mr. Chairman, the management of 
our public lands is the responsibility of Congress. The bromides of the environ-mental left have proven disastrous to the health of our forests, the preserva-tion of our wildlife, and the welfare of our mountain communities. 
This bill begins to reverse that dam-
age and to usher in a new era of healthy and resilient forests and an economic renaissance for our mountain towns. 
Ms. TSONGAS. I yield 4 minutes to 
my colleague from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ). 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to H.R. 2647, the so-called Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015. 
Before I address the many concerns 
with the underlying bill, I must com-mend my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. They have finally taken a step toward addressing the 600-pound gorilla, that is, the enormous cost and impact of fire borrowing under the For-est Service budget. 
I offered an amendment at a com-
mittee markup that would have re-quired Congress to address the issue of fire borrowing before this bill could take effect, and we have been calling on House Republicans to address the issue for years. My amendment was re-jected, but I am glad it encouraged the sponsors of this legislation to address the cost of wildfires. 
The newly added title IX is not a per-
fect solution, however. By amending the Stafford Act to include wildfires under the definition of natural disas-ters, this section creates a mechanism to address the very disastrous practice of fire borrowing. 
There is a small hitch, nevertheless. 
Congress would still have to fund this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.018 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4993 July 9, 2015 
new disaster relief fund, similar to the 
process for funding recovery from Superstorm Sandy, which did not go smoothly, to say the least. While this might be a positive step, it does not make H.R. 2647 a good bill. 
With regard to title IX, the addi-
tional disaster relief fund, hopefully the majority will not rob Peter to pay Paul within the Forest budget in order to fund this disaster relief fund or leave title IX just as an empty hollow and useless gesture that never gets funded. 
In the name of forest resiliency and 
health, H.R. 2647 undermines the NEPA process, discourages collaboration, dis-torts the intent of the Secure Rural Schools program, creates an extraor-dinary burden on citizens’ access to the courts, and transforms the judicial re-view process. 
This bill, quite frankly, is not about 
forest health. It is about increasing the numbers of trees removed from the for-est. 
The White House just communicated 
its strenuous opposition to H.R. 2647, and let me quote from that commu-nication: 
The administration strongly opposes H.R. 
2647. The most important step Congress can take to increase the pace and scale of forest restoration and management of our national forests and the Department of the Interior lands is to fix the fire suppression funding and provide additional capacity for the For-est Service and Department of the Interior to manage the Nation’s forests and other public lands. H.R. 2647 falls short of fixing the fire budget problem and contains other provisions that will undermine collaborative forest restoration, environmental safe-guards, and public participation across the National Forest System and public lands. 
Categorical inclusions that are part 
of title I are not the product of thoughtful consideration of the legisla-tion. Instead, they pave the way for up to 8 square miles of clear cuts of old- growth trees with little or no environ-mental review. 
Title II reduces to 3 months the time 
for environmental assessments and en-vironmental impact statements for re-forestation or salvage operations fol-lowing a large-scale fire. The Forest Service testified that this time limit is unrealistic, encouraging snap judg-ments that can have horrible long-term consequences. 
Title III strips away access to the 
courts that other speakers will speak to as well. You know, think about the group that would dominate the collabo-rative decisionmaking without any ju-dicial review. 
The bill also eliminates the Equal 
Access to Justice Act for successful litigants and forces them to do a prebond, a one-sided bond requirement to limit, if not eliminate, citizen activ-ism and public participation in a prob-lem that they can help solve rather looking at this as a threat. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the legislation. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania) having as-
sumed the chair, Mr. H ULTGREN , Acting 
Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2647) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bu-reau of Land Management, and on trib-al lands to return resilience to over-grown, fire-prone forested lands, and for other purposes, had come to no res-olution thereon. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 2995, FINANCIAL 
SERVICES AND GENERAL GOV-ERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Mr. CRENSHAW, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–194) on the bill making appropriations for fi-nancial services and general govern-ment for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS 
ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 347 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2647. 
Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
H
ULTGREN ) kindly resume the chair. 
b1622 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2647) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bu-reau of Land Management, and on trib-al lands to return resilience to over-grown, fire-prone forested lands, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN  
(Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, 12
1⁄2minutes remained in general de-
bate. 
The gentleman from Utah (Mr. 
BISHOP ) has 9 minutes remaining, and 
the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) has 31⁄2minutes remain-
ing. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ), a former 
member of our committee, but some-one whose district clearly knows the significance and impact of forestlands and how they should be maintained. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, the chal-
lenge that we face in the West is very obvious. Overgrown forests, bark beetle devastation, threat to our watersheds, threat to habitat, threat to public property that sensible people have long called for a solution to be able to have rendered. 
I would like to be able to applaud the 
hard work of Chairman B
ISHOP , the 
committee, and particularly the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ) in putting commonsense 
pieces of legislation forward in H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act. 
The concept of being proactive rather 
than being reactive, putting the health of our forests, protection of our water-sheds, habitat for wildlife, and saving private property while bringing some control back to our States and our communities is long overdue. 
Forward-looking and innovative leg-
islation like the Resilient Federal For-ests Act speaks to the very heart of re-sponsible forest management. This is a piece of legislation, which is long over-due. We have seen the impact in pilot projects of healthy forests, the oppor-tunity to be able to get the forests again in a healthy state, creating abundant ground cover and forage for our animals and protecting those wa-tersheds. 
This is a commonsense piece of legis-
lation that I would like to encourage my colleagues to be able to support. 
Ms. TSONGAS. I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to 
my colleague from Georgia (Mr. J OHN-
SON). 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, impartial justice and access to the courts is a right guaranteed to every citizen in this country. 
Across the street from this Chamber, 
Lady Justice sits blindfolded on the steps of the Supreme Court so we can all be reminded that justice should be blind. Today, we are debating yet an-other Republican bill restricting access to the courts to only those with deep pockets. 
H.R. 2647 continues the alarming 
trend of Republican-sponsored legisla-tion that proposes to limit the average American’s access to the courts so pol-luters that line the pockets of politi-cians with campaign contributions can continue to profit. 
H.R. 2647 requires that a citizen post 
a bond prior to challenging the United States Government’s forest manage-ment activities. This bond must cover all the defendant’s anticipated cost, ex-penses, and attorney’s fees to be paid if the defendant prevails. In the rare oc-casion plaintiffs are successful, they will only be able to recover the amount posted in the bond and only if they win exactly on all counts. The government, however, does not have to cover any of the plaintiff’s costs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.058 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4994 July 9, 2015 
Requiring the posting of a bond that 
could be as costly as tens of thousands of dollars undermines citizen access to the courts when a party believes the government failed to follow the law. 
The individual consumer, nonprofit 
organizations, small business, or public interest groups do not have the finan-cial ability to challenge large corpora-tions or, more often, the Federal Gov-ernment which citizens believe is harming their communities or environ-ment. By allowing citizens to recover their reasonable legal fees when they file suit and win in court, you encour-age Americans to participate in public discourse and to hold the government accountable. 
Rollbacks to judicial review and im-
position of attorney’s fees upon plain-tiffs, along with legislative inter-ference with key judicial powers con-templated in H.R. 2647, cripple the abil-ity of those concerned with environ-mental protection to seek representa-tion and redress in the courts. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this bill. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. TSONGAS. May I inquire as to 
how much time I have left? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Massachusetts has 1
1⁄4minutes re-
maining. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, I want to 
close by reiterating that, instead of working together on a bipartisan basis to improve the health of our national forests, this bill irresponsibly chips away at the environmental safeguards of the National Environmental Policy Act and places tremendous burdens, as we have just heard, on American citi-zens seeking to participate in the pub-lic review process of Forest Service programs. 
I am glad that the majority acknowl-
edges the urgent need to address fire borrowing, but we still have concerns with this proposal and it in no way off-sets the many other serious problems with this legislation developed without any input from committee Democrats or meaningful testimony from the For-est Service. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I appreciate the opportunity to 
present this bill. I also thank all the many people who have worked from three different committees on this: Chairman S
HUSTER of the Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure Committee, Chairman C
ONAWAY of the Agriculture 
Committee, as well as those who work on the Natural Resources Committee. I am very grateful for the Democrats, Mr. S
CHRADER and Mr. D EFAZIO, who 
have spoken here already in defense of this bill, and for their help and assist-ance in this. 
As the former Chief of the Forest 
Service said, we don’t have a fire prob-lem in our Nation’s forests. We have a land management problem, and it needs to be addressed quickly. That is 
exactly what the Westerman bill does. It addresses that problem. The status quo, flat out, is not working. 
The Forest Service has recommended 
or recognized that we have at least 58 million acres that are in dire need of assistance right now but can easily be burned in this next fire season. 
b1630 
That is bigger than my home State of 
Utah, which is still the 11th largest State in the Nation. 
If you add the higher-end estimates, 
then you add more acreage into that, which means you would add the State of Utah and Michigan. One-third of the entire forests we have are in danger of being destroyed if we do not do some-thing immediately. 
The Forest Service right now can 
only address the problem in 3 million 
acres; 58 is the minimum. That simply means it would take them over 20 years to address the problem. That is more than my lifetime is left here to try and solve this problem. 
I realize that I was probably born at 
a greater distance from the apocalypse than most of the people here; but at the same time, in my lifetime, you can’t solve the problem if we keep on with the status quo. That is why this bill is essential, and that is why I ap-preciate all the speakers who have gone on today saying why this is the perfect first step. 
What is so good about it is, as soon as 
the President signs this thing, the For-est Service can immediately imple-ment everything. These are practices and processes that they have at their disposal. They are ready to move for-ward with it. All we have to do is give them the tools to immediately do that. 
Now, we realize some of the issues 
that are there. Funding is a significant issue. Funding alone will not solve our problem, but we have addressed that; and I appreciate, once again, Chairman S
HUSTER and subcommittee Chairman 
BARLETTA , who have come up with— 
from the Transportation and Infra-structure Committee—come up with a good funding mechanism so that we can address that issue and move us for-ward. 
That, by itself, does not solve our 
problems. We have a land management issue at the same time. We have a prob-lem with litigation, which basically stops the efforts of the Forest Service to do their job in their tracks. 
As soon as they become sued, they 
have to stop moving forward on their program; they have to spend money to defend themselves in a lawsuit, or they have to try and go through efforts to try and cover themselves so they don’t get sued in the first place. It does not work. 
We have heard a lot of comments 
about the inability of being able to sue, as a poor private citizen doesn’t have the right to sue if we pass our bill. That is ridiculous. 
This only deals with areas that have 
been collaboratively worked on—that means where citizens actually got to-
gether and came up with a plan of ac-tion on their forest and, as they move forward to that, some special interests groups with a whole lot of deep pockets on their side stops them in their tracks by a lawsuit. 
Those are the kinds of groups that 
are going to have to put up the bond. Those are the kind of groups who can no longer say: We are going to sue you on 25 different issues. We realize only three of them are going to be realistic, but we want you to take the time and effort to spend your Federal moneys to try and defend all those 25. 
What we are saying is: Look, if you 
are going to sue on something, sue on something that is realistic. Don’t put the entire world on there, and make sure that you are willing to cede on those particular issues, in those par-ticular areas. 
We also have in title I in there that 
simply says: You can still sue, but you can’t get an injunction to stop our work while we go through frivolous lawsuit after frivolous lawsuit. 
In the last two administrations, not 
counting this one, but two prior admin-istrations, we have over 11,000 lawsuits that took place simply to stop the For-est Service from going forward. That has to be addressed. It has to be ad-dressed. The Forest Service recognizes that, and that is why former Forest Service employees—as well as the cur-rent ones—realize, if we don’t have some kind of litigation reform, we will not solve our problems with forest health. 
We also have to give them the tools 
so they can move quickly on what they need to do. Categorical exclusion is not something that is evil; it is actually something that is essential to move forward. They recognize that they need that tool. That is why I said, as soon as this bill is signed by the President, they can implement what they already know to do. 
What we are asking them is to do an 
environmental review, but you don’t have to do review after review after re-view. If you have done the review the first time, it is sufficient, and they have the wisdom and the ability to do that. Will that destroy our forests? Heavens, no. 
What this will do is have the poten-
tial of actually saving our forests, being able to allow the Federal forest land to be as resilient, to be as well managed as the State and tribal forest lands are because, in State and tribal forest lands, they don’t have to deal with a lot of the issues that stop them from actually solving their problems, but we do on the Federal forest system, unless we move forward. 
That is why I appreciate all those 
who have spoken so far on the need of moving forward on this particular bill. We are in the beginning of a fire season that could be catastrophic. We have witnessed the results of wildfires in the past. We need to do something now, and we have to move forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.059 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4995 July 9, 2015 
This is a bill that is common sense. 
It was wonderful to have our hearings, listening to the group of people who are experts in this area, being excited about the opportunity of having the tools the Forest Service needs to do their job, having the funding the For-est Service needs to do their job, and also have the protection from frivolous lawsuits the Forest Service needs to do their job. We must give our Forest Service personnel the tools they need to be successful. 
If we don’t pass this bill because we 
want something perfect from on high to come down—first, if we don’t pass this bill, we are going to have a dev-astating situation coming in our forest lands and in our Nation this coming year. 
This is an essential step forward. Is it 
perfect? No. There is a whole lot more that we need to do, and we will still look forward to those issues; we will move forward on these issues, but what this does is move us forward in a sig-nificant way. 
Does this bill destroy our bedrock en-
vironmental laws? Of course not—the last time I heard people talking about bedrock was talking about Wilma and Fred and Barney. I am sorry; those laws didn’t save their pet dinosaurs back in those days, either. 
We are not going to change anything; 
we are not going to move forward; we are not going to destroy what we have gained in the past, but what we are going to do is allow the Forest Service to do their job, something they are stopped from doing now because of pro-cedural practices, because of litigation, because of lack of funding. All three of those are addressed in this particular piece of legislation. 
It is a great piece of legislation, and 
it needs to go forward. I urge everyone in here to realize how we must make steps to move forward and pass this bill and get it over to the Senate and onto the President’s desk so our Forest Service can do their jobs. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chair, I rise to 
discuss Title IX of H.R. 2647, the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015.’’ 
Each year, several hundred small wildfires 
occur within the State of Indiana. Most of these fires are extinguished by our local fire departments. While the Hoosier State does not experience the devastating effects of wildfires that the West does, I understand and support the need to ensure that wildfires on Federal lands are treated similar to other major disasters so that they have access to funds outside the discretionary budget caps. It is important that the Department of the Interior and the Forest Service, which manages the Hoosier National Forest in southern Indiana, have access to sufficient funding to suppress wildfires on Federal lands whenever they occur. 
Earlier this year, the Committee held a hear-
ing and received testimony that made clear that wildfire funding is an issue that needs to 
be addressed. As the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Manage-ment, which has jurisdiction over the Robert T. Stafford Act Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (Stafford Act), I think it is ap-propriate to amend the Stafford Act to ensure similar treatment for wildfires on Federal lands. 
Some may have concerns that amending 
the Stafford Act will afford the Department of the Interior and the Forest Service with access to programs and funds intended for other dis-asters. I agree that these agencies should not be eligible for other Stafford Act assistance programs nor should these agencies have ac-cess to funds provided to the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency for other types of major disasters. But I am confident that the 
Stafford Act may be amended to treat wildfires on Federal lands as a major disaster without affecting other programs and funding. It is sim-ply a matter of establishing a dedicated fund-ing stream specifically for wildfires on Federal lands to ensure that these agencies have ac-cess to funds outside the discretionary budget caps. It is my understanding that this is the in-tent of Title IX. 
I appreciate Ranking Member D
EFAZIO’s in-
terest and dedication to this issue. Moreover, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER for trying to ad-
dress this matter. 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chair, I 
rise today to express support for the Resilient National Forests Act, and to thank Rep. B
RUCE WESTERMAN of Arkansas for his work 
on this important issue. 
Last summer my home state of Washington 
faced the largest wildfire in state history, burn-ing hundreds of thousands of acres. 
The amount of damage was unprecedented, 
but not entirely unexpected. 
Decades of over-regulation and frivolous 
lawsuits have hindered forest management, and we’ve all paid the price. 
In Eastern Washington, the Colville National 
Forest has been the economic engine for Ferry, Stevens, and Pend Oreille counties— providing jobs, energy, and recreational oppor-tunities. Yet, mills have closed, jobs lost, and of the 945,410 million acres in the Colville Na-tional Forest, more than 300,000 are bug in-fested. This is unacceptable. 
Currently, between one-quarter and one- 
third of all acres of national forest are at risk of catastrophic wildfire and only 2–3 percent are being treated each year. Dead, diseased, and ready-to-ignite timber is just sitting there, rotting away while the U.S. Forest Service and affected communities are powerless to remove it. 
As we speak, there are fires burning across 
the Northwest—in Eastern Washington near my hometown in Stevens County, in the Blue Mountains in Asotin County, and nearby in Central Washington and Northern Idaho. 
We have a responsibility to enact legislation 
that ensures wildfire fighting is properly funded and reduces the risk of future fires. 
The Resilient National Forests Act is bipar-
tisan, collaborative, and will produce the best possible outcome for all involved parties. 
With this legislation, the Forest Service will 
have the tools they need to quickly remove dead trees and to effectively manage the for-
ests in Eastern Washington, and across the country. 
Mr. Chair, I ask this body join me in voting 
to keep our promise and preserve America’s great resources for generations to come and call for the Senate to follow suit. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-
eral debate has expired. 
In lieu of the amendments in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Agriculture and the Committee on Natural Resources, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5- minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–21, modified by the amendment printed in part B of House Report 114–192. That amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 2647 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. 
TITLE I—EXPEDITED ENVIRONMENTAL 
ANALYSIS AND AVAILABILITY OF CAT-EGORICAL EXCLUSIONS TO EXPEDITE FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 
Sec. 101. Analysis of only two alternatives 
(action versus no action) in proposed col-laborative forest management activities. 
Sec. 102. Categorical exclusion to expedite 
certain critical response actions. 
Sec. 103. Categorical exclusion to expedite 
salvage operations in response to cata-strophic events. 
Sec. 104. Categorical exclusion to meet forest 
plan goals for early successional forests. 
Sec. 105. Clarification of existing categorical 
exclusion authority related to insect and disease infestation. 
Sec. 106. Categorical exclusion to improve, re-
store, and reduce the risk of wildfire. 
Sec. 107. Compliance with forest plan. 
TITLE II—SALVAGE AND REFORESTATION 
IN RESPONSE TO CATASTROPHIC EVENTS 
Sec. 201. Expedited salvage operations and re-
forestation activities following large-scale catastrophic events. 
Sec. 202. Compliance with forest plan. Sec. 203. Prohibition on restraining orders, 
preliminary injunctions, and injunctions pending appeal. 
Sec. 204. Exclusion of certain lands. 
TITLE III—COLLABORATIVE PROJECT 
LITIGATION REQUIREMENT 
Sec. 301. Definitions. 
Sec. 302. Bond requirement as part of legal 
challenge of certain forest management activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.060 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4996 July 9, 2015 
TITLE IV—SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND 
COMMUNITY SELF-DETERMINATION ACT AMENDMENTS 
Sec. 401. Use of reserved funds for title II 
projects on Federal land and certain non- Federal land. 
Sec. 402. Resource advisory committees. Sec. 403. Program for title II self-sustaining 
resource advisory committee projects. 
Sec. 404. Additional authorized use of re-
served funds for title III county projects. 
TITLE V—STEWARDSHIP END RESULT 
CONTRACTING 
Sec. 501. Cancellation ceilings for steward-
ship end result contracting projects. 
Sec. 502. Excess offset value. Sec. 503. Payment of portion of stewardship 
project revenues to county in which stew-ardship project occurs. 
Sec. 504. Submission of existing annual re-
port. 
TITLE VI—ADDITIONAL FUNDING 
SOURCES FOR FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 
Sec. 601. Definitions. 
Sec. 602. Availability of stewardship project 
revenues and Collaborative Forest Land-scape Restoration Fund to cover forest management activity planning costs. 
Sec. 603. State-supported planning of forest 
management activities. 
TITLE VII—TRIBAL FORESTRY 
PARTICIPATION AND PROTECTION 
Sec. 701. Protection of tribal forest assets 
through use of stewardship end result contracting and other authorities. 
Sec. 702. Management of Indian forest land 
authorized to include related National Forest System lands and public lands. 
TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS FOREST 
MANAGEMENT PROVISIONS 
Sec. 801. Balancing short- and long-term ef-
fects of forest management activities in considering injunctive relief. 
Sec. 802. Conditions on Forest Service road 
decommissioning. 
Sec. 803. Prohibition on application of 
Eastside Screens requirements on National Forest System lands. 
Sec. 804. Use of site-specific forest plan 
amendments for certain projects and ac-tivities. 
Sec. 805. Knutson-Vandenberg Act modifica-
tions. 
Sec. 806. Exclusion of certain National Forest 
System lands and public lands. 
TITLE IX—MAJOR DISASTER FOR 
WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LAND 
Sec. 901. Wildfire on Federal lands. 
Sec. 902. Declaration of a major disaster for 
wildfire on Federal lands. 
Sec. 903. Prohibition on transfers. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In titles I through VIII: (1) C
ATASTROPHIC EVENT .—The term ‘‘cata-
strophic event’’ means any natural disaster (such as hurricane, tornado, windstorm, snow or ice storm, rain storm, high water, wind-driv-en water, tidal wave, earthquake, volcanic eruption, landslide, mudslide, drought, or insect or disease outbreak) or any fire, flood, or explo-sion, regardless of cause. 
(2) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .—The term ‘‘cat-
egorical exclusion’’ refers to an exception to the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4331 et seq.) for a project or activity relating to the management of National Forest System lands or public lands. (3) C
OLLABORATIVE PROCESS .—The term ‘‘col-
laborative process’’ refers to a process relating to the management of National Forest System lands or public lands by which a project or ac-tivity is developed and implemented by the Sec-retary concerned through collaboration with in-terested persons, as described in section 603(b)(1)(C) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(b)(1)(C)). 
(4) C
OMMUNITY WILDFIRE PROTECTION PLAN .— 
The term ‘‘community wildfire protection plan’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(3) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511(3)). 
(5) C
OOS BAY WAGON ROAD GRANT LANDS .—The 
term ‘‘Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant lands’’ means the lands reconveyed to the United States pursuant to the first section of the Act of Feb-ruary 26, 1919 (40 Stat. 1179). 
(6) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY .—The term 
‘‘forest management activity’’ means a project or activity carried out by the Secretary con-cerned on National Forest System lands or pub-lic lands in concert with the forest plan covering the lands. 
(7) F
OREST PLAN .—The term ‘‘forest plan’’ 
means— 
(A) a land use plan prepared by the Bureau of 
Land Management for public lands pursuant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); or 
(B) a land and resource management plan 
prepared by the Forest Service for a unit of the National Forest System pursuant to section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). 
(8) L
ARGE-SCALE CATASTROPHIC EVENT .—The 
term ‘‘large-scale catastrophic event’’ means a catastrophic event that adversely impacts at least 5,000 acres of reasonably contiguous Na-tional Forest System lands or public lands. 
(9) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘Na-
tional Forest System’’ has the meaning given that term in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)). 
(10) O
REGON AND CALIFORNIA RAILROAD GRANT  
LANDS .—The term ‘‘Oregon and California Rail-
road Grant lands’’ means the following lands: 
(A) All lands in the State of Oregon revested 
in the United States under the Act of June 9, 1916 (39 Stat. 218), that are administered by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Land Management, pursuant to the first section of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a). 
(B) All lands in that State obtained by the 
Secretary of the Interior pursuant to the land exchanges authorized and directed by section 2 of the Act of June 24, 1954 (43 U.S.C. 1181h). 
(C) All lands in that State acquired by the 
United States at any time and made subject to the provisions of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181f). 
(11) P
UBLIC LANDS .—The term ‘‘public lands’’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 103(e) of the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702(e)), except that the term includes Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant lands and Oregon and California Railroad Grant lands. 
(12) R
EFORESTATION ACTIVITY .—The term ‘‘re-
forestation activity’’ means a project or activity carried out by the Secretary concerned whose primary purpose is the reforestation of impacted lands following a large-scale catastrophic event. The term includes planting, evaluating and en-hancing natural regeneration, clearing com-peting vegetation, and other activities related to reestablishment of forest species on the fire-im-pacted lands. (13) R
ESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The 
term ‘‘resource advisory committee’’ has the meaning given that term in section 201(3) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-De-termination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121(3)). 
(14) S
ALVAGE OPERATION .—The term ‘‘salvage 
operation’’ means a forest management activity undertaken in response to a catastrophic event whose primary purpose— 
(A) is to prevent wildfire as a result of the cat-
astrophic event, or, if the catastrophic event was wildfire, to prevent a re-burn of the fire-im-pacted area; 
(B) is to provide an opportunity for utilization 
of forest materials damaged as a result of the catastrophic event; or 
(C) is to provide a funding source for reforest-
ation and other restoration activities for the Na-tional Forest System lands or public lands im-pacted by the catastrophic event. 
(15) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-
retary concerned’’ means— 
(A) the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect 
to National Forest System lands; and 
(B) the Secretary of the Interior, with respect 
to public lands. 
TITLE I—EXPEDITED ENVIRONMENTAL 
ANALYSIS AND AVAILABILITY OF CAT-EGORICAL EXCLUSIONS TO EXPEDITE FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 101. ANALYSIS OF ONLY TWO ALTERNATIVES 
(ACTION VERSUS NO ACTION) IN PROPOSED COLLABORATIVE FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) A PPLICATION TO CERTAIN ENVIRONMENTAL  
ASSESSMENTS AND ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT  
STATEMENTS .—This section shall apply when-
ever the Secretary concerned prepares an envi-ronmental assessment or an environmental im-pact statement pursuant to section 102(2) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)) for a forest management activity that— 
(1) is developed through a collaborative proc-
ess; 
(2) is proposed by a resource advisory com-
mittee; or 
(3) is covered by a community wildfire protec-
tion plan. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF ALTERNATIVES .—In an 
environmental assessment or environmental im-pact statement described in subsection (a), the Secretary concerned shall study, develop, and describe only the following two alternatives: 
(1) The forest management activity, as pro-
posed pursuant to paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of subsection (a). 
(2) The alternative of no action. (c) E
LEMENTS OF NON-ACTION ALTERNATIVE .— 
In the case of the alternative of no action, the Secretary concerned shall evaluate— 
(1) the effect of no action on— 
(A) forest health; (B) habitat diversity; (C) wildfire potential; and (D) insect and disease potential; and (2) the implications of a resulting decline in 
forest health, loss of habitat diversity, wildfire, or insect or disease infestation, given fire and insect and disease historic cycles, on— 
(A) domestic water costs; (B) wildlife habitat loss; and (C) other economic and social factors. 
SEC. 102. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO EXPE-
DITE CERTAIN CRITICAL RESPONSE ACTIONS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—A categorical exclusion is available to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.035 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4997 July 9, 2015 
the Secretary concerned to develop and carry 
out a forest management activity on National Forest System lands or public lands when the primary purpose of the forest management activ-ity is— 
(1) to address an insect or disease infestation; (2) to reduce hazardous fuel loads; (3) to protect a municipal water source; (4) to maintain, enhance, or modify critical 
habitat to protect it from catastrophic disturb-ances; 
(5) to increase water yield; or (6) any combination of the purposes specified 
in paragraphs (1) through (5). 
(b) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except in the case of a forest 
management activity described in paragraph (2), a forest management activity covered by the cat-egorical exclusion granted by subsection (a) may not contain harvest units exceeding a total of 5,000 acres. 
(2) L
ARGER AREAS AUTHORIZED .—A forest 
management activity covered by the categorical exclusion granted by subsection (a) may not contain harvest units exceeding a total of 15,000 acres if the forest management activity— 
(A) is developed through a collaborative proc-
ess; 
(B) is proposed by a resource advisory com-
mittee; or 
(C) is covered by a community wildfire protec-
tion plan. 
SEC. 103. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO EXPE-
DITE SALVAGE OPERATIONS IN RE-SPONSE TO CATASTROPHIC EVENTS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—A categorical exclusion is available to the 
Secretary concerned to develop and carry out a salvage operation as part of the restoration of National Forest System lands or public lands following a catastrophic event. 
(b) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A salvage operation covered 
by the categorical exclusion granted by sub-section (a) may not contain harvest units ex-ceeding a total of 5,000 acres. 
(2) H
ARVEST AREA .—In addition to the limita-
tion imposed by paragraph (1), the harvest units covered by the categorical exclusion granted by subsection (a) may not exceed one-third of the area impacted by the catastrophic event. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) R OAD BUILDING .—A salvage operation cov-
ered by the categorical exclusion granted by subsection (a) may not include any new perma-nent roads. Temporary roads constructed as part of the salvage operation shall be retired be-fore the end of the fifth fiscal year beginning after the completion of the salvage operation. 
(2) S
TREAM BUFFERS .—A salvage operation 
covered by the categorical exclusion granted by subsection (a) shall comply with the standards and guidelines for stream buffers contained in the applicable forest plan unless waived by the Regional Forester, in the case of National Forest System lands, or the State Director of the Bu-reau of Land Management, in the case of public lands. 
(3) R
EFORESTATION PLAN .—A reforestation 
plan shall be developed under section 3 of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson-Vandenberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576b), as part of a salvage operation covered by the cat-egorical exclusion granted by subsection (a). 
SEC. 104. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO MEET 
FOREST PLAN GOALS FOR EARLY SUCCESSIONAL FORESTS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—A categorical exclusion is available to the 
Secretary concerned to develop and carry out a forest management activity on National Forest System lands or public lands when the primary purpose of the forest management activity is to modify, improve, enhance, or create early suc-cessional forests for wildlife habitat improve-ment and other purposes, consistent with the applicable forest plan. 
(b) P
ROJECT GOALS.—To the maximum extent 
practicable, the Secretary concerned shall de-sign a forest management activity under this 
section to meet early successional forest goals in such a manner so as to maximize production and regeneration of priority species, as identi-fied in the forest plan and consistent with the capability of the activity site. 
(c) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .—A forest manage-
ment activity covered by the categorical exclu-sion granted by subsection (a) may not contain harvest units exceeding a total of 5,000 acres. 
SEC. 105. CLARIFICATION OF EXISTING CATEGOR-
ICAL EXCLUSION AUTHORITY RE-LATED TO INSECT AND DISEASE IN-FESTATION. 
Section 603(c)(2)(B) of the Healthy Forests 
Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(c)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘Fire Regime Groups I, II, or III’’ and inserting ‘‘Fire Regime I, Fire Regime II, Fire Regime III, or Fire Regime IV’’. 
SEC. 106. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO IMPROVE, 
RESTORE, AND REDUCE THE RISK OF WILDFIRE. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—A categorical exclusion is available to the 
Secretary concerned to carry out a forest man-agement activity described in subsection (c) on National Forest System Lands or public lands when the primary purpose of the activity is to improve, restore, or reduce the risk of wildfire on those lands. 
(b) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .—A forest manage-
ment activity covered by the categorical exclu-sion granted by subsection (a) may not exceed 5,000 acres. 
(c) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—The following 
activities may be carried out using a categorical exclusion granted by subsection (a): 
(1) Removal of juniper trees, medusahead rye, 
conifer trees, pin ˜on pine trees, cheatgrass, and 
other noxious or invasive weeds specified on Federal or State noxious weeds lists through late-season livestock grazing, targeted livestock grazing, prescribed burns, and mechanical treat-ments. 
(2) Performance of hazardous fuels manage-
ment. 
(3) Creation of fuel and fire breaks. (4) Modification of existing fences in order to 
distribute livestock and help improve wildlife habitat. 
(5) Installation of erosion control devices. (6) Construction of new and maintenance of 
permanent infrastructure, including stock ponds, water catchments, and water spring boxes used to benefit livestock and improve wild-life habitat. 
(7) Performance of soil treatments, native and 
non-native seeding, and planting of and trans-planting sagebrush, grass, forb, shrub, and other species. 
(8) Use of herbicides, so long as the Secretary 
concerned determines that the activity is other-wise conducted consistently with agency proce-dures, including any forest plan applicable to the area covered by the activity. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) H AZARDOUS FUELS MANAGEMENT .—The 
term ‘‘hazardous fuels management’’ means any vegetation management activities that reduce the risk of wildfire. 
(2) L
ATE-SEASON GRAZING .—The term ‘‘late- 
season grazing’’ means grazing activities that occur after both the invasive species and native perennial species have completed their current- year annual growth cycle until new plant growth begins to appear in the following year. 
(3) T
ARGETED LIVESTOCK GRAZING .—The term 
‘‘targeted livestock grazing’’ means grazing used for purposes of hazardous fuel reduction. 
SEC. 107. COMPLIANCE WITH FOREST PLAN. 
A forest management activity covered by a 
categorical exclusion granted by this title shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the forest plan applicable to the National Forest System land or public lands covered by the for-est management activity. TITLE II—SALVAGE AND REFORESTATION 
IN RESPONSE TO CATASTROPHIC EVENTS 
SEC. 201. EXPEDITED SALVAGE OPERATIONS AND 
REFORESTATION ACTIVITIES FOL-LOWING LARGE-SCALE CATA-STROPHIC EVENTS. 
(a) E XPEDITED ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESS -
MENT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, any environmental assessment prepared by the Secretary concerned pursuant to section 102(2) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)) for a salvage oper-ation or reforestation activity proposed to be conducted on National Forest System lands or public lands adversely impacted by a large-scale catastrophic event shall be completed within three months after the conclusion of the cata-strophic event. 
(b) E
XPEDITED IMPLEMENTATION AND COMPLE -
TION.—In the case of reforestation activities 
conducted on National Forest System lands or public lands adversely impacted by a large-scale catastrophic event, the Secretary concerned shall achieve reforestation of at least 75 percent of the impacted lands during the five-year pe-riod following the conclusion of the catastrophic event. 
(c) A
VAILABILITY OF KNUTSON -VANDENBERG  
FUNDS.—Amounts in the special fund estab-
lished pursuant to section 3 of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson-Van-denberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576b) shall be available to the Secretary of Agriculture for reforestation activities authorized by this title. 
(d) T
IMELINE FOR PUBLIC INPUT PROCESS .— 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in the case of a salvage operation or reforestation activity proposed to be conducted on National Forest System lands or public lands adversely impacted by a large-scale catastrophic event, the Secretary concerned shall allow 30 days for public scoping and comment, 15 days for filing an objection, and 15 days for the agency re-sponse to the filing of an objection. Upon com-pletion of this process and expiration of the pe-riod specified in subsection (a), the Secretary concerned shall implement the project imme-diately. 
SEC. 202. COMPLIANCE WITH FOREST PLAN. 
A salvage operation or reforestation activity 
authorized by this title shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the forest plan applica-ble to the National Forest System lands or pub-lic lands covered by the salvage operation or re-forestation activity. 
SEC. 203. PROHIBITION ON RESTRAINING OR-
DERS, PRELIMINARY INJUNCTIONS, AND INJUNCTIONS PENDING AP-PEAL. 
No restraining order, preliminary injunction, 
or injunction pending appeal shall be issued by any court of the United States with respect to any decision to prepare or conduct a salvage op-eration or reforestation activity in response to a large-scale catastrophic event. Section 705 of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to any challenge to the salvage operation or refor-estation activity. 
SEC. 204. EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN LANDS. 
In applying this title, the Secretary concerned 
may not carry out salvage operations or refor-estation activities on National Forest System lands or public lands— 
(1) that are included in the National Wilder-
ness Preservation System; 
(2) that are located within an inventoried 
roadless area unless the reforestation activity is consistent with the forest plan; or 
(3) on which timber harvesting for any pur-
pose is prohibited by statute. 
TITLE III—COLLABORATIVE PROJECT 
LITIGATION REQUIREMENT 
SEC. 301. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) C OSTS.—The term ‘‘costs’’ refers to the fees 
and costs described in section 1920 of title 28, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.035 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4998 July 9, 2015 
(2) E XPENSES .—The term ‘‘expenses’’ includes 
the expenditures incurred by the staff of the Secretary concerned in preparing for and re-sponding to a legal challenge to a collaborative forest management activity and in participating in litigation that challenges the forest manage-ment activity, including such staff time as may be used to prepare the administrative record, ex-hibits, declarations, and affidavits in connec-tion with the litigation. 
SEC. 302. BOND REQUIREMENT AS PART OF 
LEGAL CHALLENGE OF CERTAIN FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) B ONDREQUIRED .—In the case of a forest 
management activity developed through a col-laborative process or proposed by a resource ad-visory committee, any plaintiff or plaintiffs challenging the forest management activity shall be required to post a bond or other security equal to the anticipated costs, expenses, and at-torneys fees of the Secretary concerned as de-fendant, as reasonably estimated by the Sec-retary concerned. All proceedings in the action shall be stayed until the required bond or secu-rity is provided. 
(b) R
ECOVERY OF LITIGATION COSTS, EX-
PENSES , ANDATTORNEYS FEES.— 
(1) M OTION FOR PAYMENT .—If the Secretary 
concerned prevails in an action challenging a forest management activity described in sub-section (a), the Secretary concerned shall submit to the court a motion for payment, from the bond or other security posted under subsection (a) in such action, of the reasonable costs, ex-penses, and attorneys fees incurred by the Sec-retary concerned. 
(2) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT RECOVERED .—The 
amount of costs, expenses, and attorneys fees re-covered by the Secretary concerned under para-graph (1) as a result of prevailing in an action challenging the forest management activity may not exceed the amount of the bond or other se-curity posted under subsection (a) in such ac-tion. 
(3) R
ETURN OF REMAINDER .—Any funds re-
maining from the bond or other security posted under subsection (a) after the payment of costs, expenses, and attorneys fees under paragraph (1) shall be returned to the plaintiff or plaintiffs that posted the bond or security in the action. 
(c) R
ETURN OF BOND TO PREVAILING PLAIN-
TIFF.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If the plaintiff ultimately 
prevails on the merits in every action brought by the plaintiff challenging a forest management activity described in subsection (a), the court shall return to the plaintiff any bond or security provided by the plaintiff under subsection (a), plus interest from the date the bond or security was provided. 
(2) U
LTIMATELY PREVAILS ON THE MERITS .—In 
this subsection, the phrase ‘‘ultimately prevails on the merits’’ means, in a final enforceable judgment on the merits, a court rules in favor of the plaintiff on every cause of action in every action brought by the plaintiff challenging the forest management activity. 
(d) E
FFECT OF SETTLEMENT .—If a challenge to 
a forest management activity described in sub-section (a) for which a bond or other security was provided by the plaintiff under such sub-section is resolved by settlement between the Secretary concerned and the plaintiff, the settle-ment agreement shall provide for sharing the costs, expenses, and attorneys fees incurred by the parties. 
(e) L
IMITATION ON CERTAIN PAYMENTS .—Not-
withstanding section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, no award may be made under sec-tion 2412 of title 28, United States Code, and no amounts may be obligated or expended from the Claims and Judgment Fund of the United States Treasury to pay any fees or other expenses under such sections to any plaintiff related to an action challenging a forest management ac-tivity described in subsection (a). TITLE IV—SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND 
COMMUNITY SELF-DETERMINATION ACT AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 401. USE OF RESERVED FUNDS FOR TITLE II 
PROJECTS ON FEDERAL LAND AND CERTAIN NON-FEDERAL LAND. 
(a) R EPEAL OF MERCHANTABLE TIMBER CON-
TRACTING PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 204(e) of 
the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self- Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7124(e)) is amended by striking paragraph (3). 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROJECT FUNDS.—Sec-
tion 204 of the Secure Rural Schools and Com-munity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7124) is amended by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROJECT FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the Secretary concerned shall ensure that at least 50 percent of the project funds reserved by a participating county under section 102(d) shall be available only for projects that— 
‘‘(A) include the sale of timber or other forest 
products, reduce fire risks, or improve water supplies; and 
‘‘(B) implement stewardship objectives that 
enhance forest ecosystems or restore and im-prove land health and water quality. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirement in 
paragraph (1) shall apply only to project funds reserved by a participating county whose boundaries include Federal land that the Sec-retary concerned determines has been subject to a timber or other forest products program within 5 fiscal years before the fiscal year in which the funds are reserved.’’. 
SEC. 402. RESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEES. 
(a) R ECOGNITION OF RESOURCE ADVISORY  
COMMITTEES .—Section 205(a)(4) of the Secure 
Rural Schools and Community Self-Determina-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(a)(4)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2012’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
(b) T
EMPORARY REDUCTION IN COMPOSITION  
OFCOMMITTEES .—Section 205(d) of the Secure 
Rural Schools and Community Self-Determina-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(d)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Each’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Except during the period specified in paragraph (6), each’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(6) T
EMPORARY REDUCTION IN MINIMUM NUM -
BER OF MEMBERS .— 
‘‘(A) T EMPORARY REDUCTION .—During the pe-
riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this paragraph and ending on September 30, 2020, a resource advisory committee established under this section may be comprised of 9 or more members, of which— 
‘‘(i) at least 3 shall be representative of inter-
ests described in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (2); 
‘‘(ii) at least 3 shall be representative of inter-
ests described in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (2); and 
‘‘(iii) at least 3 shall be representative of inter-
ests described in subparagraph (C) of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—In appoint-
ing members of a resource advisory committee from the 3 categories described in paragraph (2), as provided in subparagraph (A), the Secretary concerned shall ensure balanced and broad rep-resentation in each category. In the case of a vacancy on a resource advisory committee, the vacancy shall be filled within 90 days after the date on which the vacancy occurred. Appoint-ments to a new resource advisory committee shall be made within 90 days after the date on which the decision to form the new resource ad-visory committee was made. 
‘‘(C) C
HARTER .—A charter for a resource advi-
sory committee with 15 members that was filed on or before the date of the enactment of this paragraph shall be considered to be filed for a resource advisory committee described in this paragraph. The charter of a resource advisory 
committee shall be reapproved before the expira-tion of the existing charter of the resource advi-sory committee. In the case of a new resource advisory committee, the charter of the resource advisory committee shall be approved within 90 days after the date on which the decision to form the new resource advisory committee was made.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING CHANGE TO PROJECT AP-
PROVAL REQUIREMENTS .—Section 205(e)(3) of the 
Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-De-termination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(e)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘In the case of a resource advi-sory committee consisting of fewer than 15 mem-bers, as authorized by subsection (d)(6), a project may be proposed to the Secretary con-cerned upon approval by a majority of the mem-bers of the committee, including at least 1 mem-ber from each of the 3 categories described in subsection (d)(2).’’. 
(d) E
XPANDING LOCAL PARTICIPATION ON COM-
MITTEES .—Section 205(d) of the Secure Rural 
Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(d)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by inserting before the 
period at the end the following: ‘‘, consistent with the requirements of paragraph (4)’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the 
following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—The members 
of a resource advisory committee shall reside within the county or counties in which the com-mittee has jurisdiction or an adjacent county.’’. 
SEC. 403. PROGRAM FOR TITLE II SELF-SUS-
TAINING RESOURCE ADVISORY COM-MITTEE PROJECTS. 
(a) S ELF-SUSTAINING RESOURCE ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE PROJECTS .—Title II of the Secure 
Rural Schools and Community Self-Determina-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121 et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘SEC. 209. PROGRAM FOR SELF-SUSTAINING RE-
SOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEE PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) RAC P ROGRAM .—The Chief of the Forest 
Service shall conduct a program (to be known as the ‘self-sustaining resource advisory committee program’ or ‘RAC program’) under which 10 re-source advisory committees will propose projects authorized by subsection (c) to be carried out using project funds reserved by a participating county under section 102(d). 
‘‘(b) S
ELECTION OF PARTICIPATING RESOURCE  
ADVISORY COMMITTEES .—The selection of re-
source advisory committees to participate in the RAC program is in the sole discretion of the Chief of the Forest Service, except that, con-sistent with section 205(d)(6), a selected resource advisory committee must have a minimum of 6 members. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZED PROJECTS .—Notwith-
standing the project purposes specified in sec-tions 202(b), 203(c), and 204(a)(5), projects under the RAC program are intended to— 
‘‘(1) accomplish forest management objectives 
or support community development; and 
‘‘(2) generate receipts. ‘‘(d) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF REVE-
NUES.—Any revenue generated by a project con-
ducted under the RAC program, including any interest accrued from the revenues, shall be— 
‘‘(1) deposited in the special account in the 
Treasury established under section 102(d)(2)(A); and 
‘‘(2) available, in such amounts as may be 
provided in advance in appropriation Acts, for additional projects under the RAC program. 
‘‘(e) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority to initiate a 
project under the RAC program shall terminate on September 30, 2020. 
‘‘(2) D
EPOSITS IN TREASURY .—Any funds 
available for projects under the RAC program and not obligated by September 30, 2021, shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.037 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4999 July 9, 2015 
(b) E XCEPTION TO GENERAL RULEREGARDING  
TREATMENT OF RECEIPTS .—Section 403(b) of the 
Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-De-termination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7153(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘All revenues’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Except as provided in section 209, all reve-nues’’. 
SEC. 404. ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZED USE OF RE-
SERVED FUNDS FOR TITLE III COUN-TY PROJECTS. 
Section 302(a) of the Secure Rural Schools and 
Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7142(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and law enforcement pa-
trols’’ after ‘‘including firefighting’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (3): 
‘‘(3) to cover training costs and equipment 
purchases directly related to the emergency services described in paragraph (2); and’’. 
SEC. 405. TREATMENT AS SUPPLEMENTAL FUND-
ING. 
Section 102 of the Secure Rural Schools and 
Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) T
REATMENT AS SUPPLEMENTAL FUND-
ING.—None of the funds made available to a 
beneficiary county or other political subdivision of a State under this Act shall be used in lieu of or to otherwise offset State funding sources for local schools, facilities, or educational pur-poses.’’. 
TITLE V—STEWARDSHIP END RESULT 
CONTRACTING 
SEC. 501. CANCELLATION CEILINGS FOR STEW-
ARDSHIP END RESULT CON-TRACTING PROJECTS. 
(a) C ANCELLATION CEILINGS .—Section 604 of 
the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as 
subsections (i) and (j), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-
lowing new subsection (h): 
‘‘(h) C
ANCELLATION CEILINGS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief and the Director 
may obligate funds to cover any potential can-cellation or termination costs for an agreement or contract under subsection (b) in stages that are economically or programmatically viable. 
‘‘(2) A
DVANCE NOTICE TO CONGRESS OF CAN -
CELLATION CEILING IN EXCESS OF $25 ,000,000.—Not 
later than 30 days before entering into a multiyear agreement or contract under sub-section (b) that includes a cancellation ceiling in excess of $25,000,000, but does not include proposed funding for the costs of cancelling the agreement or contract up to such cancellation ceiling, the Chief or the Director, as the case may be, shall submit to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives a written notice that in-cludes— 
‘‘(A) the cancellation ceiling amounts pro-
posed for each program year in the agreement or contract; 
‘‘(B) the reasons why such cancellation ceil-
ing amounts were selected; 
‘‘(C) the extent to which the costs of contract 
cancellation are not included in the budget for the agreement or contract; and 
‘‘(D) an assessment of the financial risk of not 
including budgeting for the costs of agreement or contract cancellation. 
‘‘(3) T
RANSMITTAL OF NOTICE TO OMB .—Not 
later than 14 days after the date on which writ-ten notice is provided under paragraph (2) with respect to an agreement or contract under sub-section (b), the Chief or the Director, as the case may be, shall transmit a copy of the notice to 
the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.’’. 
(b) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.—Section 
604(d)(5) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(d)(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘, the Chief may’’ and inserting ‘‘and section 2(a)(1) of the Act of July 31, 1947 (com-monly known as the Materials Act of 1947; 30 U.S.C. 602(a)(1)), the Chief and the Director may’’. 
SEC. 502. EXCESS OFFSET VALUE. 
Section 604(g)(2) of the Healthy Forests Res-
toration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(g)(2)) is amended by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(A) use the excess to satisfy any outstanding 
liabilities for cancelled agreements or contracts; or 
‘‘(B) if there are no outstanding liabilities 
under subparagraph (A), apply the excess to other authorized stewardship projects.’’. 
SEC. 503. PAYMENT OF PORTION OF STEWARD-
SHIP PROJECT REVENUES TO COUN-TY IN WHICH STEWARDSHIP PROJECT OCCURS. 
Section 604(e) of the Healthy Forests Restora-
tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(e)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘subject 
to paragraph (3)(A),’’ before ‘‘shall’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘services 
received by the Chief or the Director’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘services and in-kind resources received by the Chief or the Director under a stewardship contract project conducted under this section shall not be considered mon-ies received from the National Forest System or the public lands, but any payments made by the contractor to the Chief or Director under the project shall be considered monies received from the National Forest System or the public lands.’’. 
SEC. 504. SUBMISSION OF EXISTING ANNUAL RE-
PORT. 
Subsection (j) of section 604 of the Healthy 
Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c), as redesignated by section 501(a)(1), is amended by striking ‘‘report to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘submit to the congressional committees specified in subsection (h)(2) a report’’. 
TITLE VI—ADDITIONAL FUNDING 
SOURCES FOR FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 601. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible enti-
ty’’ means— 
(A) a State or political subdivision of a State 
containing National Forest System lands or pub-lic lands; 
(B) a publicly chartered utility serving one or 
more States or a political subdivision thereof; 
(C) a rural electric company; and (D) any other entity determined by the Sec-
retary concerned to be appropriate for partici-pation in the Fund. 
(2) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the State- 
Supported Forest Management Fund established by section 603. 
SEC. 602. AVAILABILITY OF STEWARDSHIP 
PROJECT REVENUES AND COLLABO-RATIVE FOREST LANDSCAPE RES-TORATION FUND TO COVER FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY PLANNING COSTS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF STEWARDSHIP PROJECT  
REVENUES .—Section 604(e)(2)(B) of the Healthy 
Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(e)(2)(B)), as amended by section 503, is further amended by striking ‘‘appropriation at the project site from which the monies are col-lected or at another project site.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘appropriation— ‘‘(i) at the project site from which the monies 
are collected or at another project site; and 
‘‘(ii) to cover not more than 25 percent of the 
cost of planning additional stewardship con-tracting projects.’’. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF COLLABORATIVE FOREST  
LANDSCAPE RESTORATION FUND.—Section 
4003(f)(1) of the Omnibus Public Land Manage-ment Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303(f)(1)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘carrying out and’’ and inserting ‘‘planning, carrying out, and’’. 
SEC. 603. STATE-SUPPORTED PLANNING OF FOR-
EST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) S TATE-SUPPORTED FOREST MANAGEMENT  
FUND.—There is established in the Treasury of 
the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘‘State-Supported Forest Management Fund’’, to cover the cost of planning (especially related to compliance with section 102(2) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2))), carrying out, and monitoring certain forest management activities on National Forest System lands or public lands. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The State-Supported Forest 
Management Fund shall consist of such amounts as may be— 
(1) contributed by an eligible entity for deposit 
in the Fund; 
(2) appropriated to the Fund; or (3) generated by forest management activities 
carried out using amounts in the Fund. 
(c) G
EOGRAPHICAL AND USELIMITATIONS .—In 
making a contribution under subsection (b)(1), an eligible entity may— 
(1) specify the National Forest System lands 
or public lands for which the contribution may be expended; and 
(2) limit the types of forest management activi-
ties for which the contribution may be ex-pended. 
(d) A
UTHORIZED FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVI -
TIES.—In such amounts as may be provided in 
advance in appropriation Acts, the Secretary concerned may use the Fund to plan, carry out, and monitor a forest management activity that— 
(1) is developed through a collaborative proc-
ess; 
(2) is proposed by a resource advisory com-
mittee; or 
(3) is covered by a community wildfire protec-
tion plan. 
(e) I
MPLEMENTATION METHODS .—A forest 
management activity carried out using amounts in the Fund may be carried out using a contract or agreement under section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c), the good neighbor authority provided by section 8206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a), a contract under section 14 of the Na-tional Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 472a), or other authority available to the Sec-retary concerned, but revenues generated by the forest management activity shall be used to re-imburse the Fund for planning costs covered using amounts in the Fund. 
(f) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.— 
(1) R EVENUE SHARING .—Subject to subsection 
(e), revenues generated by a forest management activity carried out using amounts from the Fund shall be considered monies received from the National Forest System. 
(2) K
NUTSON -VANDERBERG ACT .—The Act of 
June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson- Vanderberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576 et seq.), shall apply to any forest management activity carried out using amounts in the Fund. 
(g) T
ERMINATION OF FUND.— 
(1) T ERMINATION .—The Fund shall terminate 
10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) E
FFECT OF TERMINATION .—Upon the termi-
nation of the Fund pursuant to paragraph (1) or pursuant to any other provision of law, un-obligated contributions remaining in the Fund shall be returned to the eligible entity that made the contribution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.038 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5000 July 9, 2015 
TITLE VII—TRIBAL FORESTRY 
PARTICIPATION AND PROTECTION 
SEC. 701. PROTECTION OF TRIBAL FOREST AS-
SETS THROUGH USE OF STEWARD-SHIP END RESULT CONTRACTING AND OTHER AUTHORITIES. 
(a) P ROMPT CONSIDERATION OF TRIBAL RE-
QUESTS .—Section 2(b) of the Tribal Forest Pro-
tection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a(b)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later 
than 120 days after the date on which an Indian tribe submits to the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘In response to the submission by an Indian tribe of’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) T
IME PERIODS FOR CONSIDERATION .— 
‘‘(A) I NITIAL RESPONSE .—Not later than 120 
days after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives a tribal request under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide an initial response to the Indian tribe regarding— 
‘‘(i) whether the request may meet the selec-
tion criteria described in subsection (c); and 
‘‘(ii) the likelihood of the Secretary entering 
into an agreement or contract with the Indian tribe under paragraph (2) for activities described in paragraph (3). 
‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF DENIAL .—Notice under sub-
section (d) of the denial of a tribal request under paragraph (1) shall be provided not later than one year after the date on which the Sec-retary received the request. 
‘‘(C) C
OMPLETION .—Not later than two years 
after the date on which the Secretary receives a tribal request under paragraph (1), other than a tribal request denied under subsection (d), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) complete all environmental reviews nec-
essary in connection with the agreement or con-tract and proposed activities under the agree-ment or contract; and 
‘‘(ii) enter into the agreement or contract with 
the Indian tribe under paragraph (2).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AND TECHNICAL AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 2 of the Tribal Forest Protec-
tion Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a) is amended— 
(1) in subsections (b)(1) and (f)(1), by striking 
‘‘section 347 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (16 U.S.C. 2104 note; Public Law 105–277) (as amended by section 323 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2003 (117 Stat. 275))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(b)(1), the Secretary may’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graphs (1) and (4)(B) of subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall’’. 
SEC. 702. MANAGEMENT OF INDIAN FOREST LAND 
AUTHORIZED TO INCLUDE RELATED NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS AND PUBLIC LANDS. 
Section 305 of the National Indian Forest Re-
sources Management Act (25 U.S.C. 3104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN NATIONAL FOREST  
SYSTEM LAND AND PUBLIC LAND.— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .—At the request of an Indian 
tribe, the Secretary concerned may treat Federal forest land as Indian forest land for purposes of planning and conducting forest land manage-ment activities under this section if the Federal forest land is located within, or mostly within, a geographic area that presents a feature or in-volves circumstances principally relevant to that Indian tribe, such as Federal forest land ceded to the United States by treaty, Federal forest land within the boundaries of a current or former reservation, or Federal forest land adju-dicated to be tribal homelands. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—As part of the agree-
ment to treat Federal forest land as Indian for-est land under paragraph (1), the Secretary con-cerned and the Indian tribe making the request shall— ‘‘(A) provide for continued public access ap-
plicable to the Federal forest land prior to the agreement, except that the Secretary concerned may limit or prohibit such access as needed; 
‘‘(B) continue sharing revenue generated by 
the Federal forest land with State and local gov-ernments either— 
‘‘(i) on the terms applicable to the Federal for-
est land prior to the agreement, including, where applicable, 25-percent payments or 50 per-cent payments; or 
‘‘(ii) at the option of the Indian tribe, on 
terms agreed upon by the Indian tribe, the Sec-retary concerned, and State and county govern-ments participating in a revenue sharing agree-ment for the Federal forest land; 
‘‘(C) comply with applicable prohibitions on 
the export of unprocessed logs harvested from the Federal forest land; 
‘‘(D) recognize all right-of-way agreements in 
place on Federal forest land prior to commence-ment of tribal management activities; and 
‘‘(E) ensure that all commercial timber re-
moved from the Federal forest land is sold on a competitive bid basis. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Treating Federal forest 
land as Indian forest land for purposes of plan-ning and conducting management activities pur-suant to paragraph (1) shall not be construed to designate the Federal forest land as Indian for-est lands for any other purpose. 
‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) F EDERAL FOREST LAND .—The term ‘Fed-
eral forest land’ means— 
‘‘(i) National Forest System lands; and ‘‘(ii) public lands (as defined in section 103(e) 
of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702(e))), including Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant lands reconveyed to the United States pursuant to the first section of the Act of February 26, 1919 (40 Stat. 1179), and Or-egon and California Railroad Grant lands. 
‘‘(B) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘Sec-
retary concerned’ means— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect 
to the Federal forest land referred to in sub-paragraph (A)(i); and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary of the Interior, with respect 
to the Federal forest land referred to in sub-paragraph (A)(ii).’’. 
TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS FOREST 
MANAGEMENT PROVISIONS 
SEC. 801. BALANCING SHORT- AND LONG-TERM 
EFFECTS OF FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES IN CONSIDERING IN-JUNCTIVE RELIEF. 
As part of its weighing the equities while con-
sidering any request for an injunction that ap-plies to any agency action as part of a forest management activity under titles I through VIII, the court reviewing the agency action shall balance the impact to the ecosystem likely affected by the forest management activity of— 
(1) the short- and long-term effects of under-
taking the agency action; against 
(2) the short- and long-term effects of not un-
dertaking the action. 
SEC. 802. CONDITIONS ON FOREST SERVICE ROAD 
DECOMMISSIONING. 
(a) C ONSULTATION WITHAFFECTED COUNTY .— 
Whenever any Forest Service defined mainte-nance level one or two system road within a des-ignated high fire prone area of a unit of the Na-tional Forest System is considered for decommis-sioning, the Forest Supervisor of that unit of the National Forest System shall— 
(1) consult with the government of the county 
containing the road regarding the merits and possible consequences of decommissioning the road; and 
(2) solicit possible alternatives to decommis-
sioning the road. 
(b) R
EGIONAL FORESTER APPROVAL .—A Forest 
Service road described in subsection (a) may not be decommissioned without the advance ap-proval of the Regional Forester. SEC. 803. PROHIBITION ON APPLICATION OF 
EASTSIDE SCREENS REQUIREMENTS ON NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS. 
On and after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may not apply to National Forest System lands any of the amendments to forest plans adopted in the Deci-sion Notice for the Revised Continuation of In-terim Management Direction Establishing Ri-parian, Ecosystem and Wildlife Standards for Timber Sales (commonly known as the Eastside Screens requirements), including all preceding or associated versions of these amendments. 
SEC. 804. USE OF SITE-SPECIFIC FOREST PLAN 
AMENDMENTS FOR CERTAIN PROJECTS AND ACTIVITIES. 
If the Secretary concerned determines that, in 
order to conduct a project or carry out an activ-ity implementing a forest plan, an amendment to the forest plan is required, the Secretary con-cerned shall execute such amendment as a non-significant plan amendment through the record of decision or decision notice for the project or activity. 
SEC. 805. KNUTSON-VANDENBERG ACT MODIFICA-
TIONS. 
(a) D EPOSITS OF FUNDS FROM NATIONAL FOR-
EST TIMBER PURCHASERS REQUIRED .—Section 
3(a) of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson-Vandenberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576b(a)), is amended by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘any pur-chaser’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘The Sec-retary of Agriculture shall require each pur-chaser’’. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS ON USE OF DEPOSITS .—Section 
3 of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson-Vandenberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576b), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Such deposits’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(b) Amounts deposited under subsection (a)’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(3) by inserting before subsection (d), as so re-
designated, the following new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c)(1) Amounts in the special fund estab-
lished pursuant to this section— 
‘‘(A) shall be used exclusively to implement 
activities authorized by subsection (a); and 
‘‘(B) may be used anywhere within the Forest 
Service Region from which the original deposits were collected. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Agriculture may not de-
duct overhead costs from the funds collected under subsection (a), except as needed to fund personnel of the responsible Ranger District for the planning and implementation of the activi-ties authorized by subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 806. EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN NATIONAL 
FOREST SYSTEM LANDS AND PUBLIC LANDS. 
Unless specifically provided by a provision of 
titles I through VIII, the authorities provided by such titles do not apply with respect to any Na-tional Forest System lands or public lands— 
(1) that are included in the National Wilder-
ness Preservation System; 
(2) that are located within an inventoried 
roadless area unless the forest management ac-tivity to be carried out under such authority is consistent with the forest plan applicable to the area; or 
(3) on which timber harvesting for any pur-
pose is prohibited by statute. 
SEC. 807. APPLICATION OF NORTHWEST FOREST 
PLAN SURVEY AND MANAGE MITIGA-TION MEASURE STANDARD AND GUIDELINES. 
The Northwest Forest Plan Survey and Man-
age Mitigation Measure Standard and Guide-lines shall not apply to any National Forest System lands or public lands. 
SEC. 808. MANAGEMENT OF BUREAU OF LAND 
MANAGEMENT LANDS IN WESTERN OREGON. 
(a) G ENERAL RULE.—All of the public land 
managed by the Bureau of Land Management 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.039 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5001 July 9, 2015 
in the Salem District, Eugene District, Roseburg 
District, Coos Bay District, Medford District and the Klamath Resource Area of the Lakeview District in the State of Oregon shall hereafter be managed pursuant to title I of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a through 1181e). Except as provided in subsection (b), all of the revenue produced from such land shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States in the Oregon and California land-grant fund and be subject to the provisions of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181f). 
(b) C
ERTAIN LANDS EXCLUDED .—Subsection 
(a) does not apply to any revenue that is re-quired to be deposited in the Coos Bay Wagon Road grant fund pursuant to sections 1 through 4 of the Act of May 24, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 1181–f through f–4). 
SEC. 809. BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT RE-
SOURCE MANAGEMENT PLANS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL ANALYSIS AND ALTER-
NATIVES .—To develop a full range of reasonable 
alternatives as required by the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969, the Secretary of the Interior shall develop and consider in detail a reference analysis and two additional alter-natives as part of the revisions of the resource management plans for the Bureau of Land Management’s Salem, Eugene, Coos Bay, Roseburg, and Medford Districts and the Klam-ath Resource Area of the Lakeview District. 
(b) R
EFERENCE ANALYSIS .—The reference 
analysis required by subsection (a) shall meas-ure and assume the harvest of the annual growth net of natural mortality for all forested land in the planning area in order to determine the maximum sustained yield capacity of the forested land base and to establish a baseline by which the Secretary of the Interior shall meas-ure incremental effects on the sustained yield capacity and environmental impacts from man-agement prescriptions in all other alternatives. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL ALTERNATIVES .— 
(1) C ARBON SEQUESTRATION ALTERNATIVE .— 
The Secretary of the Interior shall develop and consider an additional alternative with the goal of maximizing the total carbon benefits from for-est storage and wood product storage. To the ex-tent practicable, the analysis shall consider— 
(A) the future risks to forest carbon from 
wildfires, insects, and disease; 
(B) the amount of carbon stored in products 
or in landfills; 
(C) the life cycle benefits of harvested wood 
products compared to non-renewable products; and 
(D) the energy produced from wood residues. (2) S
USTAINED YIELD ALTERNATIVE .—The Sec-
retary of the Interior shall develop and consider an additional alternative that produces the greater of 500 million board feet or the annual net growth on the acres classified as timerland, excluding any congressionally reserved areas. The projected harvest levels, as nearly as prac-ticable, shall be distributed among the Districts referred to in subsection (a) in the same propor-tion as the maximum yield capacity of each such District bears to maximum yield capacity of the planning area as a whole. 
(d) A
DDITIONAL ANALYSIS AND PUBLIC PAR-
TICIPATION .—The Secretary of the Interior shall 
publish the reference analysis and additional alternatives and analyze their environmental and economic consequences in a supplemental draft environmental impact statement. The draft environmental impact statement and supple-mental draft environmental impact statement shall be made available for public comment for a period of not less than 180 days. The Secretary shall respond to any comments received before making a final decision between all alternatives. 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall affect the obligation of the Sec-retary of the Interior to manage the timberlands as required by the Act of August 28, 1937 (50 Stat. 874; 43 U.S.C. 1181a–1181j). TITLE IX—MAJOR DISASTER FOR 
WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LAND 
SEC. 901. WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LANDS. 
Section 102(2) of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-
aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(2)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(2)’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘means’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) M
AJOR DISASTER .— 
‘‘(A) M AJOR DISASTER .—The term ‘major dis-
aster’ means’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) M
AJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FED -
ERAL LANDS .—The term ‘major disaster for wild-
fire on Federal lands’ means any wildfire or wildfires, which in the determination of the President under section 802 warrants assistance under section 803 to supplement the efforts and resources of the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture— 
‘‘(i) on Federal lands; or ‘‘(ii) on non-Federal lands pursuant to a fire 
protection agreement or cooperative agree-ment.’’. 
SEC. 902. DECLARATION OF A MAJOR DISASTER 
FOR WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LANDS. 
The Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and 
Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘TITLE VIII—MAJOR DISASTER FOR 
WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LAND 
‘‘SEC. 801. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘As used in this title— 
‘‘(1) F EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘Federal land’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) any land under the jurisdiction of the 
Department of the Interior; and 
‘‘(B) any land under the jurisdiction of the 
United States Forest Service. 
‘‘(2) F EDERAL LAND MANAGEMENT AGENCIES .— 
The term ‘Federal land management agencies’ means— 
‘‘(A) the Bureau of Land Management; ‘‘(B) the National Park Service; ‘‘(C) the Bureau of Indian Affairs; ‘‘(D) the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-
ice; and 
‘‘(E) the United States Forest Service. ‘‘(3) W
ILDFIRE SUPPRESSION OPERATIONS .—The 
term ‘wildfire suppression operations’ means the emergency and unpredictable aspects of wildland firefighting, including support, re-sponse, emergency stabilization activities, and other emergency management activities of wildland firefighting on Federal lands (or on non-Federal lands pursuant to a fire protection agreement or cooperative agreement) by the Fed-eral land management agencies covered by the wildfire suppression subactivity of the Wildland Fire Management account or the FLAME Wild-fire Suppression Reserve Fund account of the Federal land management agencies. 
‘‘SEC. 802. PROCEDURE FOR DECLARATION OF A 
MAJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LANDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-
rior or the Secretary of Agriculture may submit a request to the President consistent with the re-quirements of this title for a declaration by the President that a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands exists. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A request for a declara-
tion by the President that a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands exists shall— 
‘‘(1) be made in writing by the respective Sec-
retary; 
‘‘(2) certify that the amount appropriated in 
the current fiscal year for wildfire suppression operations of the Federal land management agencies under the jurisdiction of the respective Secretary, net of any concurrently enacted re-scissions of wildfire suppression funds, increases the total unobligated balance of amounts avail-able for wildfire suppression by an amount equal to or greater than the average total costs incurred by the Federal land management agen-cies per year for wildfire suppression operations, 
including the suppression costs in excess of ap-propriated amounts, over the previous ten fiscal years; 
‘‘(3) certify that the amount available for 
wildfire suppression operations of the Federal land management agencies under the jurisdic-tion of the respective Secretary will be obligated not later than 30 days after such Secretary noti-fies the President that wildfire suppression funds will be exhausted to fund ongoing and anticipated wildfire suppression operations re-lated to the wildfire on which the request for the declaration of a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands pursuant to this title is based; and 
‘‘(4) specify the amount required in the cur-
rent fiscal year to fund wildfire suppression op-erations related to the wildfire on which the re-quest for the declaration of a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands pursuant to this title is based. 
‘‘(c) D
ECLARATION .—Based on the request of 
the respective Secretary under this title, the President may declare that a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands exists. 
‘‘SEC. 803. WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LANDS ASSIST-
ANCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In a major disaster for 
wildfire on Federal lands, the President may transfer funds, only from the account estab-lished pursuant to subsection (b), to the Sec-retary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agri-culture to conduct wildfire suppression oper-ations on Federal lands (and non-Federal lands pursuant to a fire protection agreement or coop-erative agreement). 
‘‘(b) W
ILDFIRE SUPPRESSION OPERATIONS AC-
COUNT .—The President shall establish a specific 
account for the assistance available pursuant to a declaration under section 802. Such account may only be used to fund assistance pursuant to this title. 
‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .— 
‘‘(1) L IMITATION OF TRANSFER .—The assist-
ance available pursuant to a declaration under section 802 is limited to the transfer of the amount requested pursuant to section 802(b)(4). The assistance available for transfer shall not exceed the amount contained in the wildfire suppression operations account established pur-suant to subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—Funds under this 
section shall be transferred from the wildfire suppression operations account to the wildfire suppression subactivity of the Wildland Fire Management Account. 
‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION OF OTHER TRANSFERS .—Ex-
cept as provided in this section, no funds may be transferred to or from the account established pursuant to subsection (b) to or from any other fund or account. 
‘‘(e) R
EIMBURSEMENT FOR WILDFIRE SUPPRES -
SION OPERATIONS ON NON-FEDERAL LAND.—If 
amounts transferred under subsection (c) are used to conduct wildfire suppression operations on non-Federal land, the respective Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) secure reimbursement for the cost of such 
wildfire suppression operations conducted on the non-Federal land; and 
‘‘(2) transfer the amounts received as reim-
bursement to the wildfire suppression operations account established pursuant to subsection (b). 
‘‘(f) A
NNUAL ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Not later than 90 days after the 
end of each fiscal year for which assistance is received pursuant to this section, the respective Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Ag-riculture, Appropriations, the Budget, Natural Resources, and Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry, Appropriations, the Budget, Energy and Natural Resources, Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and Indian Affairs of the Senate, and make available to the public, a re-port that includes the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.040 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5002 July 9, 2015 
‘‘(1) The risk-based factors that influenced 
management decisions regarding wildfire sup-pression operations of the Federal land manage-ment agencies under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary concerned. 
‘‘(2) Specific discussion of a statistically sig-
nificant sample of large fires, in which each fire is analyzed for cost drivers, effectiveness of risk management techniques, resulting positive or negative impacts of fire on the landscape, im-pact of investments in preparedness, suggested corrective actions, and such other factors as the respective Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(3) Total expenditures for wildfire suppres-
sion operations of the Federal land management agencies under the jurisdiction of the respective Secretary, broken out by fire sizes, cost, regional location, and such other factors as the such Sec-retary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(4) Lessons learned. ‘‘(5) Such other matters as the respective Sec-
retary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(g) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this title 
shall limit the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of Agriculture, Indian tribe, or a State from receiving assistance through a declaration made by the President under this Act when the criteria for such declaration have been met.’’. 
SEC. 903. PROHIBITION ON TRANSFERS. 
No funds may be transferred to or from the 
Federal land management agencies’ wildfire suppression operations accounts referred to in section 801(3) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to or from any account or subactivity of the Federal land management agencies, as defined in section 801(2) of such Act, that is not used to cover the cost of wildfire suppression operations. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment 
to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part C of House Report 114–192. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part C of House Report 114–192. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike section 203. 
Strike title III. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 347, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment would strike a harmful and politically driven provision on the un-derlying bill that has the effect of lim-iting stakeholder input and curbing equal access to justice, a core constitu-tional principle in our Republic, and ef-fectively removes an important check we have on arbitrary actions by Presi-dents and administrations. Absent my language, the underlying 
bill would hand President Obama a blank slate in determining how we run our Western lands. My bill will restore 
that balance and allow civil society stakeholders and local residents to be able to challenge illegal Federal ac-tions. 
While I respect and appreciate the 
impetus for many parts of this bill and support them, particularly those aimed at incentivizing collaborative develop-ment management plans and fixing the flawed funding structure for wildfire response—very, very important in my district—the provision that I am strik-ing in my amendment is truly a poison pill for many on my side of the aisle who care deeply about equal access to justice and many on the other side of the aisle who don’t want to hand Presi-dent Obama an unchecked control over Federal lands. 
In districts like mine, which are 
made up of 62 percent Federal land, the Forest Service owns huge amounts of open space that we use, enjoy, is a driv-er of our tourism economy; we recreate as hikers, skiers, hunters, bikers; it is used commercially by loggers, utility providers, and many, many other groups. 
I can attest to the fact that these 
groups, these stakeholders that I men-tioned whose livelihood and enjoyment depend on these lands, are extremely valuable when it comes to providing practical, varied input into managing our Federal lands. 
This bill, however, would discourage 
and limit the depth and diversity of public input by expediting the develop-ment of forest management plans while removing the legal venues that exist for protest after a management plan has been implemented, meaning not only does the provision, like the one I am trying to strike, cripple the trans-parency and effectiveness by limiting the form of expertise we have in plan-ning our Federal lands, it also has the potential to repeal some critical rights, like the right to protest and legal recourse for potential wrong-doing. 
The provisions I move to strike 
would effectively eliminate the ability of citizens, nonprofits, local residents, independent advocacy organizations, and others to file lawsuits against po-tentially illegal or improper forest management tools that the executive branch is using. 
By creating a harmful bonding re-
quirement, which would really exclude judicial access for everybody—except the very wealthiest corporations and people—and a prejudicial fee-shifting requirement that enables the govern-ment to act with impunity at the clear expense of the plaintiff, we really break down the core principle of equal access to justice, which is our right. 
By prohibiting the courts from 
issuing any restraining orders, prelimi-nary injunctions, or injunctions pend-ing repeal in cases of postdisaster oper-ations after broadly defined events, we are only compounding the damage. Again, Mr. Chairman, my colleagues 
on the other side of the aisle’s move to block the court’s ability to make sound, thoughtful, and transparent de-cisions if the executive branch acts il-legally really will come at the expense of our local stakeholders for those of us who live in and around Federal land. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I think it is important to realize there is nothing, absolutely nothing in the base bill that prohibits any individual or group from filing a lawsuit. 
What it does do is discourage frivo-
lous lawsuits. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE) to expand on 
that. 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I stand in 
opposition to the amendment. We have to reward collaboration and working together. 
What this bill does not do is discour-
age NEPA. What it does do, though, is it brings people together to work to-gether. That is what I was sent to Washington, D.C., to do; and that is what all of us were sent to do, is work together and move the ball up the field. It does not prevent anyone from filing a lawsuit. 
What it does do, however, on frivo-
lous lawsuits—and the numbers are clear. Between 1989 and 2008, over 1,125 lawsuits were submitted. Almost in every case, those lawsuits ended up costing the Forest Service that we are so concerned about the money they are spending—number one is forest fires; number two is litigation. 
We want the same thing. We want 
more scientists, less lawyers in the woods, and healthy forests once again to be part of our country; yet what happens is the collaborative effort— and we made the definition of collabo-rative very vague so everyone can par-ticipate, everybody—it does not pre-vent anyone from suing. 
What it does do is, if you are not 
going to be involved in the collabo-rative effort, if you are not going to spend the time and the resources, then you have to post a bond, and that bond only covers what the Forest Service would have to defend. We could have made it a lot aggressive, and we didn’t. 
Mr. Chairman, I stand in opposition. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to inquire as to how much time re-mains on both sides. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Colorado has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. The gentleman from Utah has 33⁄4 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Mas-sachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank Mr. P OLIS. 
As my colleague stated, title III 
would require anyone who challenges a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.041 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5003 July 9, 2015 
project on forest land in the Federal 
court system to put up a bond covering all litigation expenses of the govern-ment. Plaintiffs would only get their bond back if they prevailed on all their claim. 
Further, it would not allow litigants 
to recover attorney’s fees under the Equal Access to Justice Act. While my colleagues across the aisle have said it doesn’t prevent anyone from coming forward, we do know that the impact would be that it would prevent any plaintiffs, except those large compa-nies with deep pockets, from bringing lawsuits against these projects, essen-tially keeping out the average Amer-ican citizen from having their voice heard. 
I strongly support this amendment. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
b1645 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
Eric Hoffer once said that every great cause becomes a movement, which be-comes a business, which becomes a racket. That is what has happened with environmental litigation. 
Through many hearings, we have dis-
covered that most of the groups liti-gating collaborative projects sue just to raise money or to defeat necessary projects through delay. That is their right. No one begrudges them it. 
But that does not include frivolous 
litigation designed solely to run out the clock on salvage projects or to nul-lify by delay the painstaking work of collaborative groups which often, in good faith, spend endless hours and considerable resources in negotiating a plan that is fair to all. 
I oppose this amendment, and I urge 
my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
many of my constituents who are liv-ing in holdings on Federal lands. What happens if Federal land management policy changes their rights-of-way and makes it harder to access where they live? Where are they supposed to come up with the hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars that it would take to bond under this scenario to figure out whether what the Federal Govern-ment did was legal or not? 
That is why we need to fix this, Mr. 
Chairman. And I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to defend the constitutional rights of families who live in and around Federal land. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I appreciate the chance to actually hear from the gentleman from Cali-fornia as well as from the gentleman from Montana. 
You see, what happens and what has 
failed to be discussed here is this sec-tion only applies to whether it has been a collaborative process. 
So real people, citizens, will spend 
years working together to develop a collaborative project. And then too fre-quently outside fringe groups that don’t live in the area, but that do have 
big pockets, wait for those projects to be announced. 
Then they start to litigate, which has 
a chilling effect on any kind of collabo-rative work, and it makes the hundreds of hours that those citizens worked to come up with their projects simply moot. 
That has happened in California. I 
have been there to see those projects that were stopped by frivolous law-suits. It is the same thing that happens in Montana and in northern Idaho. In that particular district, of all of those lawsuits he mentioned, over 70 percent of those were stopped because of frivo-lous lawsuits. 
Now, we are not stopping anyone 
from suing. What we are saying is you put up a bond if you are serious about it and you don’t use this as a way of simply stopping a process that has been worked out by the citizens and the Forest Service at the same time. That is what this means, and that is what is going to be taken away. 
That is why this is so essential and 
why this part has to be part of this bill. It has to move forward or our Forest Service does not have the tools it needs to preserve our forests and to protect our people and to protect our land-scape. 
This amendment cannot pass. It 
would destroy every effort of the For-est Service to actually move forward into the future. We oppose it. We op-pose it vigorously and in all due re-spect. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . TIPTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part C of House Report 114–192. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 33, after line 21, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 505. FIRE LIABILITY PROVISION. 
Section 604(d) of the Healthy Forests Res-
toration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(8) M
ODIFICATION .—Upon the request of 
the contractor, a contract or agreement under this section awarded before February 7, 2014, shall be modified by the Chief or Di-rector to include the fire liability provisions described in paragraph (7).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 347, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T IPTON ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, Congress 
has previously authorized fire liability provisions for stewardship contracts. My amendment simply provides the same fire liability provisions for long- term stewardship contracts awarded by the Forest Service prior to February 7, 2014. 
These contracts have valid concerns 
over their potential liability, and it is prohibitively expensive to obtain li-ability insurance to cover the costs of large forest fires. 
The amendment provides these con-
tractors with the same protections as all Federal timber sales and integrated resource timber purchasers and other integrated resource stewardship con-tracts that they already have. I urge my colleagues to support the amend-ment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Massachusetts is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to this amendment, which would change the parameters of contracts that have already been awarded through a competitive bidding process. 
Stewardship end result contracting is 
a critical tool used to achieve land management goals across our national forests and grasslands. 
In addition to making the authority 
for stewardship contracting perma-nent, last year’s farm bill directed the Forest Service to make the first liabil-ity provisions in integrated resource timber contracts equal to liability pro-visions typically found in timber sale contracts. Earlier this year the Forest Service issued rulemaking carrying out this directive. 
This was a commonsense change, and 
I agree with the sponsors of this amendment that this is a worthwhile change. However, their amendment would retroactively extend the updated liability requirement to contracts that were awarded before the farm bill was signed into law. 
The Forest Service would, therefore, 
have to modify existing contracts, which is not only a burden for the agency and the contract awardees, but it is unfair to companies that did not participate in the competitive bidding process because of their understanding of the fire liability requirements. 
Congress should not change contracts 
that have already been awarded through the competitive bidding proc-ess. For that reason, I oppose the adop-tion of this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, we are 
talking about fairness. We just had an amendment that was presented by my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.063 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5004 July 9, 2015 
colleague from Colorado that talked 
about fairness, and I think Chairman B
ISHOP spoke very eloquently in re-
gards to allowing that process to be able to work through the private sec-tor. 
Yet, when we are talking about for-
est health, Mr. Chairman, wouldn’t it be an appropriate thing to make sure that we have a level playing field when it comes to liability? 
If we want to be able to get in and ac-
tually protect those forests, to be able to protect those watersheds, to be able to protect endangered species and the other wildlife in the forests, let’s make sure that we have a process to be able to do that so that that liability is not going to become a liability to some-thing that I believe we all share as common ground, and that is the health of our forests. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part C of House Report 114–192. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 44, after line 15, insert the following: 
SEC. 703. TRIBAL FOREST MANAGEMENT DEM-
ONSTRATION PROJECT. 
The Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-
retary of Agriculture may carry out dem-onstration projects by which federally recog-nized Indian tribes or tribal organizations may contract to perform administrative, management, and other functions of pro-grams of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a et seq.) through con-tracts entered into under the Indian Self -De-termination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 347, the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM ) and a Member opposed each 
will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Mexico. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment that allows the Forest Service to establish a pilot program to execute contracts with tribes under the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act, known as 638 contracts. 638 con-tracts allow tribes to manage and im-plement Federal programs in Indian Country. 
When I was the New Mexico Sec-
retary of Health, I witnessed how suc-cessful and beneficial these contracts could be in efficiently delivering serv-ices to tribes and their members. Through these contracts, tribes oper-ate hospitals, health clinics, mental 
health facilities, and a variety of other community health services. 
Having tribes manage and operate 
programs in their communities not only recognizes tribal self-determina-tion and self-governance, but it also helps ensure that tribal needs are being met through traditionally and cul-turally appropriate methods. 
Although several agencies have the 
authority to execute 638 contracts, such as the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, the Bureau of Reclamation, the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Indian Health Services, the Forest Service does not currently have this authority. Several tribes have expressed to me that they would like to see the Forest Service have the authority. 
Many of the pueblos in New Mexico 
have land in tribal forests that are ad-jacent to national forests, and we know that wildfires and pests can quickly af-fect entire regions, regardless of who owns the land. 
In fact, the Las Conchas wildland 
fire, which is one of the largest wildfires in New Mexico’s history, started on June 26, 2011, in the Santa Fe National Forest. It burned more than 156,000 acres in New Mexico, in-cluding land belonging to the Pueblos of Santa Clara, Ohkay Owingeh, San Ildefonso, Pojoaque, Jemez, Cochiti, and Kewa. 
It is imperative that the Forest Serv-
ice and tribes actively work together to co-manage forests. I urge Members to support my amendment, which will improve the Forest Service’s ability to partner with tribes in order to work on projects that impact tribal lands and forests. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I claim the time in opposition, al-though I may not be in opposition to this particular bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I would like to ask the gentlewoman from New Mexico, as this bill works its way through the process of ultimately being signed and implemented, if she would be willing to work with us to make sure this contracting authority in the future has no unintended con-sequences. 
I yield to the gentlewoman for a re-
sponse. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, absolutely. I appreciate that offer. Thank you. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I appreciate 
that. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. I want to thank the rank-ing member from the Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee for bringing this amendment forward. This amendment obviously allows 
the Forest Service to create a pilot program that would execute contracts 
with tribes to perform administrative, management, and other functions of the program for the Tribal Forest Pro-tection Act of 2004. 
Allowing the Forest Service to exe-
cute contracts would recognize the government-to-government relation-ship that tribes have with the Federal Government, and it would be in line with the intent of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of working with tribes as partners. 
I certainly would encourage my col-
leagues to support this amendment. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
particularly thank the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM ) for yielding and for intro-
ducing this important amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, there is an old saying 
that I know you have all heard, which is that the shadows of those who live on their land are the best protectors and the best stewards of that land. 
My wife and I have had the good for-
tune to plant over 100,000 trees on our land, with the help of the kids, and I want you to know they are doing well. 
I am supportive of this amendment 
because I think it is high time that the American Indians and the Alaska Na-tives, who are the first stewards of our lands, be allowed to better exercise their sovereignty and their self-deter-mination in caring for the forests they have called home for untold centuries. 
We already have 638 contracts that 
allow the tribes to manage Federal lands in Indian Country. This amend-ment simply adds a partnership with the U.S. Forest Service to that list. 
By approving this measure, we help 
create jobs, protect our forests all across Indian Country, and we all be-come better stewards of our Nation’s great resources. 
I urge my colleagues to join us in 
support of this important amendment. 
I want to again particularly thank 
Ms. L
UJAN GRISHAM for her leadership 
on this important issue. I thank the chairman of the committee for his sup-port of it as well. And I thank the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON). 
I urge my colleagues to adopt this 
amendment. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
may I inquire as to how much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Utah has 4 minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from New Mexico has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ), the spon-
sor of the bill. 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in support of this amend-ment as it goes along with the collabo-rative efforts we are trying to include 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.066 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5005 July 9, 2015 
in the bill with tribal and State gov-
ernments. 
I just want to thank the gentle-
woman for proposing this amendment, and I rise in full support of it. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
b1700 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . KILMER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part C of House Report 114–192. 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of title VIII, add the following 
new section: 
SEC. 807. LANDSCAPE-SCALE FOREST RESTORA-
TION PROJECT. 
The Secretary of Agriculture shall develop 
and implement at least one landscape-scale forest restoration project that includes, as a defined purpose of the project, the genera-tion of material that will be used to promote advanced wood products. The project shall be developed through a collaborative process. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 347, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Washington. 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chair, before I speak to this 
amendment, I actually wanted to start by expressing my appreciation to the chairman for his work on this impor-tant legislation. 
I grew up in Port Angeles, Wash-
ington. I saw firsthand how a downturn in the timber industry impacted our re-gion’s economy and the livelihood of families who lived there. Those experi-ences were a major influence in my de-cision to pursue a career in economic development and now in public service. It is a big reason I have been working on harvest issues that impact the re-gion that I represent. 
On the Olympic National Forest, I 
have been proud to help stand up a col-laborative, bringing together a group of stakeholders from all across the spectrum to figure out how we can make real progress to rebuild the trust that we need to restore our forests and to promote harvest levels and to sup-port our local communities. 
We have begun to see some successes 
come out of that. I am sure committed to working to help take actions that lead to better outcomes for our forests and for the local economies that rely on them as an important asset. I think the bill that is before us 
today is an honest effort to address the real challenges that are facing our Fed-eral forests. Importantly, the under-lying bill includes language that would make real progress toward ending the harmful practice of fire borrowing. 
Now, I have got some concerns about 
this bill that are going to keep me from supporting it today, but I am very hopeful that this is just a first step in a process that leads to compromise leg-islation that we can send on to the President and get signed into law to help our forests and to help our com-munities. I would welcome the oppor-tunity to be a part of that process. 
Mr. Chair, the amendment that I 
have offered today is focused on an ini-tiative that would support innovative wood products, including cross-lami-nated timber. CLT products offer in-creased use of responsibly harvested wood that could mean more jobs in rural areas of Washington State and all other States. 
These are renewable resources, rath-
er than steel or concrete, that would make our buildings greener. These new wood products are strong and fire re-sistant and may actually be safer in an earthquake than nonwood alternatives. 
We can change the way our Nation 
constructs buildings by utilizing these new sturdy wood products. More impor-tantly, we can lead the way on a global timber revolution that can bring lower costs, environmentally friendly build-ing materials to market, providing more job opportunities in rural Amer-ica. 
My amendment is pretty simple. It 
would direct the Secretary of Agri-culture to develop a significant forest restoration project with the goal of generating the kind of material we can use for these advanced wood products. I would urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I 
claim time in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I actually rise in sup-port of this amendment as chairman of the Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry of the Committee on Agri-culture. 
It is consistent with the U.S. Forest 
Service’s recognition of the important role that advanced wood products can play, particularly in building construc-tion. New and innovative technologies are yielding building products that are greener, stronger, fire resistant, and even safer in response to earthquakes than nonwood alternatives. 
The bottom line is, when it comes to 
good, healthy forest management, it is just not some of the barriers we are dealing with today in terms of har-vesting; it is also about driving the 
market and increasing the value. 
It is a three-legged stool for healthy 
forests. I am very pleased with the un-derlying bill. I think that is helping on step one. I think this amendment helps us in terms of pushing the market value and the value of timber, and it is certainly consistent with many of the steps that we took within the farm bill in terms of research for advanced wood products. 
I just am very pleased to support this 
amendment. 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Mas-sachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
support of this amendment. While it does nothing to address our underlying concerns with the bill, the promotion of advanced wood products is an impor-tant priority, and I commend my col-league from Washington, Mr. K
ILMER , 
for taking on this issue. 
The amendment directs the Forest 
Service to establish a pilot project to promote the production of advanced wood products. Production of these products, like cross-laminated timber, or CLT, is a growing market with many practical applications. Growing this market here in the United States is an important economic development opportunity, and I thank Mr. K
ILMER  
for his efforts in promoting this oppor-tunity. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I yield 1 minute 
to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ), the sponsor of the bill. 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of the concept of this amendment. The gentleman brings out a very important fact that we do need forest products to be able to utilize the resources coming off our forests in order to do healthy management. 
There are many forest products that 
can be made from smaller diameter materials that are already out there. We have the science behind it. A landscapewide collaborative project that uses these lower value products would be a good thing to do. 
I do challenge the gentleman to sup-
port the whole bill so that we could put this into practice, should it be passed, because it would be of benefit to the bill and to healthy forests across the country if such projects were imple-mented. 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I have no 
other speakers, so I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, as 
we finish the last amendment to this very good bill, the gentleman from Washington full well knows how dev-astating it could be to his community if we do not pass this particular bill and wildfires actually attack his con-stituents and his area. 
That is why it is extremely impor-
tant—as we take this last opportunity to speak towards this bill and this par-ticular amendment—to recognize that this is a bipartisan bill, bipartisan sponsorship, passed by a bipartisan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.068 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5006 July 9, 2015 
vote in our committee, passed in a bi-
partisan vote in the Committee on Ag-riculture. 
This is a good bill that will move us 
forward, and it is essential to move for-ward. I appreciate all the support we have had from both sides of the aisle moving this particular piece of legisla-tion forward. I urge support of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 1 printed in part C of House Report 114–192 offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 247, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 427] 
AYES—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch 
Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes 
Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires 
Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—247 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cuellar Lofgren Payne 
Peters Roe (TN) 
b1736 
Messrs. CONAWAY, AMODEI, PAUL-
SEN, MEEHAN, BRADY of TEXAS, and WALKER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. HECK of Washington, 
GALLEGO, BUTTERFIELD, NADLER, CLAY, and ASHFORD changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
427, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. 
F
LEISCHMANN ). The question is on the 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Acting Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 2647) to expedite under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act and improve forest manage-ment activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the ju-risdiction of the Bureau of Land Man-agement, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire-prone for-ested lands, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 347, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by 5-minute votes on order-ing the previous question on House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.071 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5007 July 9, 2015 
Resolution 350, and adoption of House 
Resolution 350, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 262, noes 167, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 428] 
AYES—262 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa 
Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—167 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—4 
Lofgren Payne Peters 
Roe (TN) 
b1745 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and improve forest management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the juris-diction of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, and on tribal lands to return re-silience to overgrown, fire-prone for-ested lands, and for other purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 6, 21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 350) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to accel-erate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures and for 
other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 185, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 429] 
YEAS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer 
Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.074 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5008 July 9, 2015 
NAYS—185 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Diaz-Balart Lofgren Payne 
Peters Roe (TN) 
Yoho 
b1753 
So the previous question was ordered. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 244, noes 183, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 430] 
AYES—244 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen 
Amash Babin 
Barletta Barr 
Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—183 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield 
Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Amodei 
Lofgren Payne 
Peters Roe (TN) 
Walden 
b1801 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 350 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 6. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1803 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to ac-celerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.030 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5009 July 9, 2015 
for other purposes, with Mr. H ARDY of 
Nevada in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. 
U
PTON ) and the gentleman from New 
Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ) each will control 
30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I include 
the Committee on Energy and Com-merce exchange of letters with the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY , 
Washington, DC, July 9, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-
cerning H.R. 6, the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act,’’ which your Committee ordered reported on May 21, 2015. 
H.R. 6 contains provisions within the Com-
mittee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your hav-ing consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consider-ation, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will not seek a sequential refer-ral. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congres-sional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, July 9, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your 
letter concerning H.R. 6, the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act.’’ 
I appreciate your willingness to forgo seek-
ing a sequential referral on H.R. 6 in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration. I agree that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar leg-islation. 
I will include a copy of your letter and this 
response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
Washington, DC, July 7, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN UPTON : I am writing with 
respect to H.R. 6, the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted 
with us on provisions in H.R. 6 that fall with-in the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive consid-eration of this bill so that it may proceed ex-peditiously to the House floor. 
The Committee on Ways and Means takes 
this action with the mutual understanding that by forgoing consideration of H.R. 6 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for such request. 
Finally, I would appreciate your response 
to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation thereof. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, July 9, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
Washington, DC 
DEARCHAIRMAN RYAN: Thank you for your 
letter with respect to H.R. 6, the ‘‘21st Cen-tury Cures Act.’’ I appreciate your willing-ness to waive consideration of H.R. 6 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. 
I agree that by forgoing consideration of 
H.R. 6 at this time, the Committee on Ways and Means does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that the Committee may address any re-maining issues that fall within its Rule X ju-risdiction. Further, I understand that the Committee reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and I will support such a request. 
I will include a copy of your letter and this 
response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. P
ITTS), the distinguished 
chairman of the Health Subcommittee. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
first commend Chairman U PTON , Rank-
ing Member P ALLONE , Congresswoman 
DEGETTE , and Ranking Member G ENE 
GREEN of Texas for their outstanding 
support and leadership on this. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-
port of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, which will help advance the dis-covery, development, and delivery of new treatments and cures for patients and will foster private sector innova-tion here in the United States. 
I have a whole list of people I would 
like to thank. I will provide that for the R
ECORD . I especially want to thank 
legislative counsel for their tireless ef-forts, the healthcare staff of the Con-gressional Budget Office, and the out-standing team on Energy and Com-
merce. They have been fantastic, work-ing 24/7. 
Mr. Chairman, H.R. 6 was reported 
from Energy and Commerce Committee by a vote of 51–0 and advances conserv-ative and fiscal and regulatory re-forms. Every dollar of advanced appro-priations in the bill, which will sunset at the end of FY 2020, is offset by other permanent reforms, including billions of dollars in mandatory entitlement savings in Medicare and Medicaid. 
This is no ordinary spending, like the 
kind we usually see in entitlement spending such as Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and ObamaCare. This mandatory spending is for 5 years only, and then it sunsets. This manda-tory spending is fully paid for with mandatory spending cuts elsewhere that will not stop in 5 years, but are permanent reforms resulting in real savings. By comparison, the Ryan-Mur-ray budget deal for healthcare savings yielded much less. 
This innovative hybrid approach al-
lows us to cut mandatory spending and use the savings to fund what would otherwise be a discretionary project, but in this case, it is a 5-year dedicated spending on medical research. 
The Congressional Budget Office de-
termined that H.R. 6 will reduce the deficit by $500 million over the first 10 years and at least $7 billion over the second decade. The funds provided to the NIH and FDA will be subject to ex-plicit review and reprogramming through the annual appropriations process. Congress can review the dedi-cated funding and allocate it for spe-cific initiatives. 
Mr. Chairman, by modernizing clin-
ical trials, eliminating duplicative ad-ministrative requirements, and per-haps, most importantly, making FDA less bureaucratic by advancing the voice and needs of patients in the drug and device approval process, H.R. 6 will make lasting, positive changes to the entire ecosystem of Cures. Over 250 pa-tient groups have enthusiastically said ‘‘yes’’ and endorsed this legislation. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my col-
leagues to think of the patients and vote ‘‘aye’’ in support of H.R. 6. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, today the House is 
considering H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, legislation that will further encourage biomedical innovation and the development of new treatments and cures that will benefit millions. 
More importantly, this legislation 
will ensure that our country remains on the forefront of medical innovation while maintaining the gold standard for approvals of medical products. 
Mr. Chairman, this legislation is the 
product of numerous forums that oc-curred in Washington and around the Nation that heard directly from pa-tients and advocacy groups about what innovations could make a difference in curing diseases. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.080 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5010 July 9, 2015 
It is a truly bipartisan initiative of 
the Energy and Commerce Committee, and I want to thank Chairman U
PTON ; 
Health Subcommittee chairman Mr. P
ITTS; Ranking Member G REEN ; and 
our sponsor on the Democratic side, Representative D
IANA DEGETTE , for 
working together on this bill. 
The legislation includes a number of 
policy proposals that are meant to ad-vance the work that NIH and FDA are already doing to encourage innovation in medicine, and I want to highlight some of those. 
First, it promotes and supports the 
best biomedical workforce in the world while also increasing the diversity of that workforce by requiring the NIH to ensure participation of scientists from underrepresented communities. 
Second, it encourages the develop-
ment of precision medicine and next generation treatments. 
Third, it provides FDA with addi-
tional tools to make the drug approval process more efficient, such as stream-lined data review and the use of bio-markers in clinical experience to en-sure that new treatments can reach pa-tients in a timely manner. 
Fourth, it modernizes clinical trials 
and supports the inclusion of diverse populations in clinical research through the National Institute on Mi-nority Health and Health Disparities. 
Fifth, it facilitates the development 
of important antimicrobials and treat-ment for rare diseases and clarifies the regulatory pathway for software for medical applications at FDA. 
Finally—although not finally—there 
are many, many more positive develop-
ments in this bill, but I do want to mention last, ensuring interoperability of our health system which will lead to better access to health information, co-ordinated care, and improved out-comes. 
Most importantly, Mr. Chairman, 
21st Century Cures also provides man-datory funding to both NIH and FDA to carry out the activities in this legisla-tion, funding that is critically needed if Congress wants NIH and FDA to fund innovative ways to cure diseases. 
However, I am concerned that the 
very goal this legislation set out to achieve to encourage biomedical inno-vation and the development of new treatments and cures is undermined somewhat by a reduction in funding for NIH from $10 billion to $8.75 billion. 
This funding level, the larger one, 
the $10 billion over 5 years in the origi-nal bill, enjoyed the unanimous sup-port from the members of the Energy and Commerce Committee and the 230 Members of the House who were co-sponsors of H.R. 6. 
If Congress is truly committed to ad-
vancing and encouraging biomedical innovation, we must ensure that the Federal Government agencies we en-trust with facilitating that goal have the resources to do so, and I hope that, at some point, as we move further, we can go back to the $10 billion. 
I would also urge my colleagues to 
reject any attempts to make the crit-ical funding included in the legislation 
for NIH and FDA discretionary. The NIH ensures the innovation fund was created to be a resource to both NIH, FDA, universities, and researchers, in-cluding those just beginning their ca-reers. 
Any efforts to make this funding dis-
cretionary threatens the commitment made in 21st Century Cures to encour-age innovation. 
I also want to express, Mr. Chairman, 
my disappointment over the inclusion of controversial policy riders on what was otherwise a strong bipartisan bill. This inclusion, added to the bill after unanimous passage out of the Energy and Commerce Committee, is a polit-ical distraction from the discussion we should be having on the underlying pol-icy. 
I hope that, tomorrow, my colleagues 
will join me in supporting Congress-woman L
EE’s amendment which will 
strike those troubling riders from the legislation. 
Despite these concerns, I remain to-
tally supportive of the 21st Century Cures Act, as I believe it does take sig-nificant steps towards enhancing how we discover and develop innovative new medical treatments in the United States. 
Once again, I take great pride in the 
fact that we were able to do this on a bipartisan basis in our committee and report the bill out unanimously. 
Mr. Chairman, I would urge a ‘‘yes’’ 
vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the vice chair of the full committee, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ). 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, 
America really is at its best when we are facing challenges, and so many of the challenges that we face today are in the area of health care and healthcare delivery. 
Right now, we know we have over 
10,000 identified diseases. We only have cures for 500 of those. This is why we need to work to focus the NIH and the FDA on a cures strategy and do this through the legislation that is before us today. Indeed, it is bipartisan, and it carries different components of bipar-tisan legislation. 
One is the SOFTWARE Act that Rep-
resentative G
REEN and I have worked 
on. Mr. Chairman, getting bureaucracy out of the way and allowing innovation is the goal of the SOFTWARE Act. It would codify the manner in which the FDA approaches health IT, including the wonderful apps that we use to help make us healthy. 
The FDA is the agency charged with 
ensuring the safety and efficacy of drugs and medical devices, but data is not a drug or a device, and it makes no sense to regulate it as such. That is why we bring forward the SOFTWARE Act. We support the bill and encourage others to support it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ), who is the ranking 
member of our Health Subcommittee. 
b1815 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in strong support of the bipartisan landmark legislation, H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
Dozens of roundtables and hearings, 
thousands of responses from stake-holders, and countless hours went into crafting this bill. This legislation is the product of months of bipartisan collaboration with the administration and stakeholders. As a result, H.R. 6 is supported by more than 370 patient groups, physician groups, and research institutions across the country. 
The investments and provisions in 
this bill will accelerate the develop-ment of new tools and treatments for the fight against diseases, which have a great cost to our economy and an even greater toll on the patients and fami-lies that suffer from them. 
After more than a decade of cuts and 
stagnant budgets, the National Insti-tutes of Health will receive $8.75 bil-lion, and it will not increase the def-icit. This influx of investment will be put toward solving today’s complex sci-entific problems and discovering the next generation of medical break-throughs. 
In addition to this much-needed fund-
ing for medical research, there are so many provisions in this package wor-thy of support. The 21st Century Cures Act will deliver hope and new treat-ments to Americans. 
While some of the provisions are 
technical in nature, their real-world impact is not abstract. Patients and families deserve to have their elected officials respond to their needs, and that is what this bill does. 
I want to thank Chairman U
PTON , 
Congresswoman D EGETTE , Ranking 
Member P ALLONE , and Chairman P ITTS 
for their leadership, vision, and deter-mination to speed the medical progress. This is an example of what our constituents want us to do: legis-late and solve problems. 
It was a privilege to be involved in 
this landmark effort, and I want to thank the staffs, legislative counsel, and the countless stakeholders who worked tirelessly to craft a bill that lives up to the promises of the 21st Century Cures initiative. 
I strongly support H.R. 6 and urge my 
colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. H
ARPER ). 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to speak about the importance of tomorrow’s vote on the 21st Century Cures initiative. This takes the nec-essary steps forward so that we can de-liver safe, effective treatments much more efficiently and creatively across America. This legislation would give NIH, along with the FDA, much-needed additional research dollars. 
Specifically, imagine how a signifi-
cant increase in funding could speed up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.081 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5011 July 9, 2015 
treatments and cures for such debili-
tating diseases such as Alzheimer’s and ALS. This legislation gives researchers a fighting chance in the hope of finding a cure for so many diseases and dis-orders. Investing in research today will pay dividends long into the future and will significantly reduce costs of treat-ment. 
Give families hope. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on 
21st Century Cures. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I 
would ask my chairman to proceed with another Republican because the gentleman seems to have more people. 
Mr. UPTON. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ). 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I am 
here on the Democrat side, congratu-lating them for great work on 21st Cen-tury Cures. 
I was involved in a couple pieces of 
the legislation that were added, one on antibiotic resistance and a lot on med-ical devices, because we need to reform the process. The bureaucracy is tough. 
So, in streamlining these procedures, 
we are not questioning or addressing or harming individual safety, but what we are doing is making sure these devices get to where they need it in the quickest possible time. 
This is just a small part of the great 
work of my friends on this side—I hope you don’t mind me being over here— and the majority side in that it is a tribute to what we can do when we work together. I am proud to be part of this team. 
Mr. PALLONE. I yield 5 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. D
EGETTE ), the Democratic sponsor of 
the bill who has worked so hard to bring us to this day with this bill on the floor. 
Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Chairman, my fa-
ther-in-law, Lino Lipinsky de Orlov Senior, was a true renaissance man. During World War II, he was a member of the Italian resistance, whose family sheltered Jews and Allied solders in their apartment. An artist by training, he made his way to this country with letters of introduction and became a world-renowned etcher and museum cu-rator. 
Most importantly, Lino Senior was a 
wonderful person. Kind to all and be-loved by his family and friends, he rev-eled in life’s small pleasures, creating whimsical drawings for his loved one’s birthday cards and recounting tales of Italian youth, from idyllic summers on Capri to his escapades in the Resist-ance. 
So, Mr. Chairman, it was more than a 
tragedy when in 1988, we lost Lino Sen-ior to ALS, or Lou Gehrig’s disease. ALS is a debilitating disease that weakens and atrophies muscles, leav-ing those with the disease the inability to perform even the most mundane tasks, much less the ability to create great art. 
Last week, at Craig Rehabilitation 
Hospital in Denver, I met a young man stricken with ALS who was already confined to a wheelchair. He was there to support our bill, the 21st Century 
Cures. But what struck me was, in the 25-plus years since we lost Lino Senior, there has been no cure. There has been no real treatment for patients who re-ceive this diagnosis. 
ALS has been well known and thor-
oughly evaluated for a long time—after all, it gets its nickname from one of the most popular athletes of the 1920s— but we have made virtually no progress in finding a cure. This is not for lack of trying. 
The ALS community is incredibly ac-
tive. Plenty of us in this Chamber and people all around the country took part in the ice bucket challenge last year. I thank F
REDUPTON for a lot of 
things, but maybe the thing I should thank F
REDfor the most was giving me 
the opportunity to take the ice bucket challenge last year. 
Thanks so much, F
RED. 
There is real hope, however, though, 
for ALS and for thousands of diseases for which we lack treatments and cures. Thanks to the mapping of the human genome and technological ad-vances like electronic health records, researchers are poised to discover new breakthroughs that promise dramatic improvements for patients. 
The bill before us today, 21st Century 
Cures, will ensure that the great prom-ise of these developments is harnessed by our Nation’s premiere research fa-cilities, the National Institutes of Health, and the Food and Drug Admin-istration. 
21st Century Cures is a comprehen-
sive bill which will encourage the de-velopment of new treatments and cures. It starts by making a major in-vestment in research with the creation of a 5-year, $8.75 billion innovation fund at the NIH. We create this fund to give the leaders the chance to plan strategically and to give longer term support to promising research projects. Ultimately, these investments will help produce new discoveries in the lab. 
Cures then helps to take those dis-
coveries and turn them into treat-ments for patients. We begin by mod-ernizing clinical trials, including new efforts to ensure diverse populations participate in these research projects. 
We allow centralized approval for 
clinical trials and adaptive trial de-signs to eliminate wasteful duplication of effort. 
We include the patient perspective 
into every facet of discovering, devel-oping, and delivering treatments, so that a conceptual breakthrough can be applied in practical ways. 
We encourage new disease registries 
to pool information and help research-ers drill into the data to find the unique and sometimes subtle needs of patient populations. 
We help new scientists begin their ca-
reers in research so that great minds can tackle our biomedical challenges, and we will unlock the potential of modern technologies by facilitating safe data sharing and using digital medicine. We include many of the pro-posals in President Obama’s precision 
medicine initiative as part of this. 
With this bill, Mr. Chairman, we are 
going to make sure that in the 21st century, the pace of breakthroughs, treatments, and cures accelerates to meet the challenges of our time. A healthier world is coming, and I look forward to getting there as fast as we all can. 
You know, we couldn’t have done 
this without this team, and I want to take my minute to thank so many peo-ple who have helped with this. Ranking Member P
ALLONE ’s staff: Jeff, Tiffany, 
Kim, Arielle, Rachel, Eric, Waverly; Ranking Member G
REEN ’s staff: 
Kristen; Chairman U PTON ’s staff: Gary, 
Clay, John, Paul, Carly, Katie, Adrianna, Robert, Josh, Joan, Bits, Mark, Sean, Noelle, Tom, Leighton— they are the majority; they have a lot more staff than we do—Chairman P
ITTS’ staff: Heidi; Representative B UR-
GESS’ staff: JP and Daniel; my unbe-
lievable and intrepid staff: Rachel, Elizabeth, Matt, Eleanor, Diana Gam-brel, Cole; my wonderful chief of staff who has been with me for 19 years; leg counsel. 
Most of all, I want to thank my part-
ner and compatriot, F
REDUPTON . You 
have been fabulous, and I look forward to taking this over the finish line with you. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
ARRIS ), a member of the Ap-
propriations Committee and a very val-uable member as we put this package together. 
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Chairman, curing 
disease and suffering is something that even this Congress can agree on on both sides of the aisle. This is obvious from tonight’s debate. 
Preventative measures are impor-
tant, but there are still diseases that we don’t understand how to prevent, much less treat. And the purpose of the cure and innovation fund is, in fact, to accelerate the discovery. 
Before I came here, I did research on 
diseases. Is there anyone in the coun-try who doesn’t believe that we will cure diseases like Alzheimer’s or ALS? It is only a matter of time and the in-vestments that we place in it. As the 
gentlewoman from Colorado stated, we have a lot of the pieces in place in order to create these tremendous new discoveries, and this bill gets us on the path. 
There is going to be a lot of talk 
about cost on the floor, but the cost of these diseases is not just measured in dollars. The cost is measured in fami-lies in ways that you can’t measure in dollars. 
Any family who treated a member 
with Alzheimer’s disease, for instance, understands exactly what I mean by that. 
Now, a lot of those costs are huge. 
Alzheimer’s alone, for instance, is hun-dreds of billions of dollars in Medicare and Medicaid expenses over the next 10 years. If we can cure it, we can save those. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.083 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5012 July 9, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, it is time to invest in 
those cures. We simply can’t afford not to. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ). 
Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I lost my father April 14 of this year to Alzheimer’s. It is a terrible disease. I watched how it affected him. I know that there are millions of Americans and American families that are dealing with Alzheimer’s. 
The 21st Century Cures Act will focus 
some resources so we can find a cure for Alzheimer’s and we can find a cure for these diseases that are costing American taxpayers so much money. 
I want to applaud the chairman, and 
I want to urge everyone to get behind the 21st Century Cures Act so we can find a cure for diseases like Alz-heimer’s in memory of my father, John Duncan. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. R
USH), who is the ranking 
member of our Energy Subcommittee. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, and I want to thank Chair-man U
PTON , Ranking Member P AL-
LONE , Ranking Member G REEN , and 
Ranking Member D EGETTE for their 
tireless work and commitment to this issue. 
Mr. Chairman, this landmark piece of 
legislation will help modernize and per-sonalize health care, encourage greater innovation, support research, and streamline the healthcare system to deliver better, faster cures to more and more patients. 
Mr. Chairman, we might live in dif-
ferent regions, we might live in dif-ferent times, we might be of different nationalities, we might even be of dif-ferent faiths, but when it comes to the overall health of our Nation, we can surely put aside our differences and do the right thing for the American peo-ple. 
I want to highlight two provisions of 
my bill, H.R. 2468, the Minority Inclu-sion in Clinical Trials Act of 2015, that were included in the 21st Century Cures Act. 
The first provision will require the 
National Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities to include, within its strategic plan for biomedical research, ways to increase representa-tion of underrepresented communities in clinical trials. 
b1830 
The second will ensure that it re-
mains a priority at NIH to increase the inclusion rates of traditionally under-represented communities within the fu-ture biomedical workforce. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the gentleman such time as he may consume. 
Mr. RUSH. Simply put, Mr. Chair-
man, these provisions addressed per-sistent systemic and widespread dis-
parities in health outcomes for minor-ity communities. 
As you know, many diseases, includ-
ing cancer, heart disease, stroke, HIV/ AIDS, diabetes, lupus, osteoporosis, asthma, sickle cell, and kidney dis-eases have been studied at length and still afflict minority populations in disturbing numbers and at disturbing rates. 
Minorities are disproportionately 
underrepresented in clinical trials. There are many reasons attributed to this disproportionality, such as a lack of funding. 
The chief culprit is that research pro-
fessionals tend to work toward solu-tions for the cure of diseases to which they have personal connections and have personal experiences. 
Mr. Chairman, I am so glad that the 
21st Century Cures Act does address some of these critical issues. I rise in support of the 21st Century Cures Act, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of H.R. 6. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ), a member of the 
Health Subcommittee. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in support of the 21st Century Cures Act. 
This bill represents meaningful re-
form for patients with rare or chronic conditions. I would like to highlight one provision I am so proud of, the OPEN Act. 
There are 1 in 10 Americans who suf-
fer from a rare disease. That is 10 per-cent of the country. Over 95 percent of these diseases have no treatments. 
Patients like Candace and Laura 
from the Tampa Bay Area need FDA- approved safe and effective treatments. Laura has no treatment options, and Candace did her own research and took a medication off label and is now in re-mission. 
The OPEN Act will incentivize major 
market drugs and combination drug products to be repurposed to treat rare diseases and put them on label. 
The 30 million Americans with rare 
diseases need your ‘‘yes’’ vote. Vote for this bill. Vote for patients. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), a member of the 
Health Subcommittee. 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, this is 
the way Congress should work, in a bi-partisan capacity. In my 5 years on the committee, this is the most significant piece of legislation to be voted out of the committee unanimously. 
To those of us who are listening on 
C–SPAN this evening, this is what the American people demand of Congress, bipartisan cooperation. 
This bill will save countless lives not 
only in this country, but across the globe. I am so pleased it includes lan-guage coauthored by Congresswoman A
NNA ESHOO of California and me ex-empting future Food and Drug Admin-
istration user fees from sequestration. 
I urge an extremely positive vote to-
morrow. I hope that all of our col-leagues will support this to indicate to the Senate of the United States that it should move forward as well so that the legislation can reach the desk of the President of the United States. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ), a member of the Health 
Subcommittee. 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of 21st Century Cures, an initiative that gives hope to pa-tients and families who have battled or who will battle one of the 10,000 dis-eases with no known cures, like my good friend and mayor of Jasper, Indi-ana, Terry Seitz, who lost his wife and the mother of their two daughters, Ann Seitz, to ALS 5 years ago on Thanks-giving Day, the family’s favorite holi-day. 
As Mayor Seitz put it, 21st Century 
Cures gives patients and their families the opportunity for hope and the abil-ity to cope. These two things mean the world to those fighting a rare disease who face so much uncertainty about 
what the future may hold. 21st Century Cures turns hopelessness into hope. 
Mr. Chairman, we have a real oppor-
tunity today to improve the lives of these patients across the country, and we need to seize it. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ), a member of 
the Health Subcommittee. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to shed light on why the nonpartisan 21st Cen-tury Cures Act is important for pa-tients everywhere. 
As a nurse and as part of our team 
working on this effort over the last year, I can relay that the 21st Century Cures Act is important because of peo-ple like my constituent back home, Ellie Helton. 
Ellie was a beautiful, courageous 
constituent of mine. She loved peanut butter cups, the color pink, and most of all her family and her friends. At about this time last year Ellie suffered from a ruptured brain aneurysm that took her life at the tender age of 14. 
The 21st Century Cures Act legisla-
tion creates an accelerated process by which we discover and develop cures and treatments for patients like Ellie. This legislation is fully offset and will reduce the deficit by more than $500 million over the first decade. 
Mr. Chairman, I am so proud to be a 
Member of Congress who is working on this legislation with all of my col-leagues, and I am so proud of our chair-man, F
REDUPTON , for the work that he 
has done. This is an incredible effort, and I am so proud to be a part of it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ), who is also a 
healthcare professional. 
Mrs. CAPPS. I thank my colleague 
for yielding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.084 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5013 July 9, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak 
on behalf of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, and I salute the bipartisan authors of this bill. 
I am a cosponsor of this legislation. I 
am proud of the many hours of work that members of the Energy and Com-merce Committee have put in to find common ground. This is a real achieve-ment. 21st Century Cures is a good bill. It has come a long way, but I lend my support with some reservations. 
Despite bipartisan agreement in com-
mittee to provide robust funding for the research initiatives and policies in this bill, the bill before us shorts the NIH by over $1 billion, and these funds are the very ones that are critical for cures. 
It is important that we provide the 
necessary support that the NIH re-quires to continue to be the gold stand-ard in research and development. 
While we all agree that it is impor-
tant to speed up research and clinical trials to get treatments to those in need, I want to reiterate my concerns that this focus on speed should not un-dercut the work that so many have done for years, including many of us here in Congress, to improve diversity in research and clinical trials. 
While this bill does include my provi-
sion to encourage the inclusion of chil-
dren and the elderly in clinical trials, more needs to be done to ensure that women and minorities are included as well. This is an effort I led during the FDA reauthorization, and it is one that must not be undercut by the Cures ef-fort. 
Finally, I must express my dis-
appointment that once again the House majority has decided to add language to the bill that politicizes the bipar-tisan effort and attacks women’s per-sonal decisionmaking. 
It is a distraction from the important 
work that we are trying to do here, and 
I strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the amend-ment to strip it. 
The 21st Century Cures initiative is 
such an important bipartisan effort to strengthen our medical research and treatment development. It could be stronger, and I stand willing to work with my colleagues to do just that. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
ONG). 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Chairman, what an 
accomplishment it is to have this his-toric legislation on the House floor. 
I want to congratulate the chairman 
and my Energy and Commerce Com-mittee colleagues for their hard work. We are much closer to moving Amer-ican medical innovation into the 21st century. Part of that is to keep up with the ability to communicate in a mod-ern way with patients. 
As the chairman knows, I have 
worked very closely with him and his staff during this past year to draft lan-guage to update the Food and Drug Ad-ministration’s oversight of healthcare information on the Internet, especially on social media. Millions of people use the Internet to 
find critical health information on treatments and other health topics. Unfortunately, current FDA regula-tions do not help communicate accu-rate, meaningful information online about healthcare solutions, such as prescription drugs and medical devices. 
There is enormous potential to im-
prove American lives if we can get the FDA to write workable rules and guid-ance to communicate information where people’s attention is focused. 
After all, the FDA itself regularly 
turns to the Internet to announce its activities and inform the public, pre-sumably in a safe and informative way. 
I have legislation to do this, and I 
hope to continue working with the chairman to modernize healthcare communications and, thus, help im-prove the lives of all Americans. 
I look forward to continuing to work 
with the chairman on the 21st Century Cures to make sure this monumental bill ultimately meets the President’s pen and is signed into law. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ). 
Mr. M CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in favor of H.R. 6. 
By encouraging innovation and pro-
viding more resources for groundbreaking research, we can pro-vide a better future for our children and our grandchildren. 
America has a rich history of sci-
entific discovery, from putting a man on the Moon to finding a cure for polio. With the right focus, we can do the same in finding cures for devastating diseases, like cancer and Alzheimer’s. 
I want to thank Chairman U
PTON for 
his commitment to making Alz-heimer’s one of the neurological dis-eases on which the CDC will collect data. 21st Century Cures will improve the lives of all Americans by bringing research from the lab to our families. 
I thank the chairman, the com-
mittee, and the staff for all of their dedicated work on this. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Indi-ana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ), a member of the 
Health Subcommittee. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise today to express my whole-hearted support for the 21st Century Cures initiative. This legislation will change lives, and it will save lives. 
When Chairman U
PTON and Congress-
woman D EGETTE introduced this bipar-
tisan initiative, they promised it would be different. They used words like ‘‘bold,’’ ‘‘transformative,’’ ‘‘profound,’’ and ‘‘hope.’’ They promised hope, and they promised to change lives. Thank-fully, they have delivered on these promises and then some. 
21st Century Cures will profoundly 
transform our Nation’s ability to dis-cover, develop, and deliver the cures of tomorrow. It will change and even save lives, lives like that of Fifth District constituent Teresa Altemeyer, who has a form of chronic leukemia. 21st Century Cures can make all of 
the difference. She recently told me, as one of the many hundreds of thousands of patients living with chronic lin-gering cancer, ‘‘I am always looking forward to the future for the next ther-apy that can either hold off my cancer or potentially cure it, and in the past the wait for these medications has been 
excruciatingly slow.’’ 
Tomorrow I will be missing the fu-
neral of a dear friend, Judy Warren, who died on Sunday from pancreatic cancer. She would have wanted me to be here tomorrow, voting on this bill. It couldn’t save her, but it can save Te-resa and many others. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. L
OEBSACK ). 
Mr. LOEBSACK. I thank the ranking 
member for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, this legislation, I be-
lieve, as Mr. L ANCE stated, is proof that 
we can accomplish great things when we put aside partisanship and unite around a common goal. 
To that end, I want to thank all of 
my wonderful colleagues here today who have worked on this thing for so long. I am new to the committee, and coming into this and being able to be a part of this is really a great honor for me. 
b1845 
I want to thank the chair and the 
ranking member also for my provision to extend and expand the prior author-ization program for prior mobility de-vices in this bill, providing certainty to Medicare beneficiaries that these crit-ical devices will, in fact, be covered. 
I am also excited about the NIH inno-
vation fund, which entails mandatory funding, as was mentioned earlier, and will support scientists like those work-ing at the University of Iowa. 
As a result, we will have more 
groundbreaking advances like the Uni-versity of Iowa researchers’ discovery of a biomarker that could lead to early detection for the risk of preeclampsia in pregnant women, a discovery that could save countless lives. 
While I am disappointed that the NIH 
funding was cut from $10 billion to $8.75 billion, I am hopeful that we can re-store this amount as the process moves forward. 
Finally, I am really happy that we fi-
nally have gotten to a point in this body, at least on this legislation, where we can think longer term and not just short term, not just about the costs for this program this year or even for the next 5 years, but think about all the savings that this will entail down the road as well, something that really happens far too often, I think, in this body and over in the Senate as well. 
I thank my colleagues for their work 
on this issue. I am really very pleased to be a part of the process. Thank you for having me as a member of that committee and to be a part of the proc-ess. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.085 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5014 July 9, 2015 
York (Mr. C OLLINS ), a member of the 
committee. 
Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. 
Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. This legis-lation will modernize and advance our healthcare system to help the millions of Americans battling rare diseases. It increases funding for NIH grants used by scientists at world class universities like those in my district in Buffalo and Rochester, New York. 
H.R. 6 streamlines the drug approval 
process at the FDA, helping get new drugs to market faster. Patients are demanding a fresh approach to drug ap-proval and biomedical research. This legislation provides America’s medical innovators the guidance they need to lead a new age of medical innovations. 
I want to thank Chairman U
PTON and 
my colleagues on the Committee on Energy and Commerce for their dedica-tion to this cause. I am proud of the work we have accomplished, and I am confident that this legislation accom-plishes our goal of incentivizing inno-vation and defeating disease. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
minute to another gentleman from New York (Mr. G
IBSON ), who again had 
a very positive impact on the legisla-tion that was bipartisan as a part of this bill. 
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of H.R. 6 on behalf of the many Americans who have been impacted by Lyme disease and other tickborne dis-eases. Lyme disease is rapidly becom-ing a public health scourge in the U.S. We simply need to do better at preven-tion, diagnosis, and treatment. 
H.R. 6 includes the text of the Tick- 
Borne Disease Research Accountability and Transparency Act, which is a truly constituent-driven effort and rep-resents a significant step forward in bringing solutions for our chronic Lyme sufferers. 
I would like to thank the physicians, 
the patient advocates, and researchers that helped in this process, including Dr. Richard Horowitz, Pat Smith, David Roth, Jill and Ira Auerbach, Holly Ahern, Chris Fisk, and other Lyme advocates across the nation, in-cluding Representative C
HRIS SMITH of 
New Jersey and my coauthor and friend, Representative J
OECOURTNEY of 
Connecticut. 
Finally, I would like to thank Chair-
man U PTON , Ranking Members P AL-
LONE and D EGETTE , and their dedicated 
committee staff for working tirelessly to include members’ input and manage an open, bipartisan process for this im-portant legislation. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time remains on each side? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
New Jersey has 11 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Michigan has 14
1⁄2 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise today 
to support the 21st Century Cures Act and thank the chairman and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce to keep America at the forefront of med-ical innovation by removing barriers that prevent development and delivery of life-improving therapies. 
However, this is not only an issue of 
keeping America competitive; it is a moral issue. The greatest physician in history said in Matthew: ‘‘Whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.’’ 
I want to share the story of Brennan 
Simkins, who was diagnosed with childhood cancer. Brennan has had over four stem cell transplants. He is still living today, and he is the student of my wife, who is teaching him piano. 
He is truly a miracle and a blessing 
to us, but he still requires medications. There are medications out there which are caught up in bureaucratic red tape. By passing this bill, we can help pa-tients and families across the country, like Brennan Simkins, get access to the medicines of tomorrow. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. UPTON. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. ALLEN. I urge my colleagues to 
support H.R. 6. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. A
GUILAR ). 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chair, I appre-
ciate the gentleman from New Jersey yielding some time. 
Tomorrow, the House will vote on 
the 21st Century Cures Act, legislation that will advance medical research at the FDA and the NIH to lead new treat-ment for cures for countless people. 
This is necessary. 
However, what is not necessary is the 
dangerous language that Republican leadership quietly tucked in the bill that blocks access to reproductive care. This is unacceptable. 
As a member of the Pro-Choice Cau-
cus, I oppose this and other attempts to expand restrictions on reproductive care. We cannot allow this type of antichoice language to keep appearing in what is otherwise important legisla-tion. 
Today, it is in legislation to further 
medical research. Before, it was in leg-islation to fund community health cen-ters and to protect victims of traf-ficking. Allowing this policy to move forward will move women’s health care backward. We cannot allow these at-tacks to continue. 
Representatives L
EE, C LARKE , and 
SCHAKOWSKY have offered an amend-
ment to strike this destructive antichoice language. Today, I offer them my strong support. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor 
of their amendment and to also insist that we need to stop injecting the Hyde language into parts of law it doesn’t belong. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the 21st Century Cures Act. This bill is a bold proposal that would accelerate our scientists’ ability to develop lifesaving cures. Our need for action is now. Cur-rently, more than 10,000 known dis-eases exist in the world; however, we only have treatments for approxi-mately 500. 
In my district of southern California, 
4-year-old Callan Mullins was born with a severe congenital heart defect. He has undergone four open heart sur-geries, suffered numerous strokes, been diagnosed with cerebral palsy; and at the age of 3, doctors delivered the heartbreaking news that he had a brain tumor. 
Callan is a fighter and a survivor, but 
his parents are still seeking answers and medical breakthroughs to ensure that he can live life to its fullest. The Cures Act would offer hope to the mil-lions of Americans like Callan battling devastating illnesses. 
I thank Chairman F
REDUPTON for his 
tireless work on this bill. I urge my colleagues to stand with me as we pave the way for lifesaving treatments and cures. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the balance of my time to close. 
Before conclusion of debate, Mr. 
Chairman, let me just take a minute to recognize Chairman U
PTON and Rep-
resentative D EGETTE for their stead-
fast dedication to this bill. 
This bill would not have been pos-
sible without their work for so many years, beginning when they had these forums where they heard from patients and the advocacy groups around the country. 
The process that they used to actu-
ally obtain information that became the basis for this bill was really un-usual and was very, I would say, popu-list and grassroots in a way that I think I would like to see emulated in the future because it was so successful. 
It is further proof, I think, also that 
when we want to work together to achieve great things, we are capable. I know it hasn’t always been easy, and the staff has had to work around the clock and on weekends and during holi-days since January, but this is a good bill that I am proud to support. 
I just want to thank not only the 
members, but also the staff of Chair-man U
PTON and Chairman P ITTS. That 
is Gary Andres, Clay Alspach, John Stone, Carly McWilliams, Paul Eddatel, Robert Horne, Joan Hillebrands, Katie Novaria, Adrianna Simonelli, and Heidi Stirrup. 
Let me also thank Representative 
D
EGETTE for her work, her staff as 
well: Lisa Cohen, Rachel Stauffer, and Elizabeth Farrar; Mr. G
REEN ’s staff: 
Kristen O’Neill; and, of course, my staff: Jeff Carroll, Tiffany Guarascio, Kim Trzeciak, Eric Flamm, Rachel Pryor, Waverly Gordon, and Arielle Woronoff. 
Let me just say this: Obviously, I 
urge support for this legislation. I hope 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.087 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5015 July 9, 2015 
that we get a huge vote, but I think the 
biggest satisfaction that I am going to get when this passes and we work to get it passed in the Senate and to the President’s desk is that every Member of Congress knows that, when we go home, there are always events with various advocacy groups. 
I think, of course, of the pancreatic 
cancer group because my mom died of pancreatic cancer about 5 years ago, 7 months after she was diagnosed, which is actually a long time. Many people die within 6 weeks or 2 months after di-agnosis because the diagnosis takes so long and occurs too late, effectively. 
You go to these various events that 
the groups have. Sometimes, it is a run; or it is a walk. D
IANA DEGETTE  
mentioned ALS. I went to an ALS walk, I think, about 3 or 4 weeks ago. 
The typical response—and I am 
thinking of this last ALS walk—is that someone will come up to you and say: Why aren’t you doing enough to find a cure? Why aren’t you spending more money? Why aren’t you prioritizing this disease? Why is it so difficult to have a clinical trial or to get involved in a clinical trial? 
For 20 years, most of the time, when 
somebody has brought that up, I haven’t really had an easy response be-cause, for many of the diseases, there hasn’t been really much progress at all. 
Now, the biggest satisfaction I am 
going to have—and I have already had it over the last few weeks—is when I go back and I go to one of these events and one of the patients or advocate representatives says to me: Well, what are you doing about this? 
I will be able to say: Well, we have a 
bill called 21st Century Cures, and it does a lot of things that could make a difference in terms of what your con-cerns are. 
That, to me, is the greatest satisfac-
tion, really, of our being able to pass this bill tomorrow. 
I would urge support on a bipartisan 
basis. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, if I might 
ask, how much time do I have remain-ing? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Michigan has 12
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. UPTON. I yield myself the bal-
ance of the time to close. I won’t use 12
1⁄2minutes, I don’t think. 
Mr. Chair, I appreciate you being 
here tonight and the Members, know-ing that we are going to debate a num-ber of amendments and vote on final passage tomorrow morning. 
We have all thanked a lot of people 
here, a lot of great staff, terrific staff, a lot of good Members. I am not sure anyone has actually thanked the lead-ership on both sides. 
I want to thank J
OHN BOEHNER , the 
Speaker, not only for giving us H.R. 6, but his strong support all the way; K
EVIN MCCARTHY , our majority leader; 
STEVE SCALISE , our whip; C ATHY  
MCMORRIS RODGERS , our conference 
chair; and on the Democratic side, too, N
ANCY PELOSI , former Speaker, has been terrific; S TENY HOYER has been in 
the trenches every day on this issue, came and participated in our very first roundtable more than a year ago to see this bill move forward. It is, indeed, a bipartisan bill. 
Every one of us here, as we think 
about the 434 of us here in the House, every one of us has taken a different path to get here. We each represent di-verse districts, and despite our dif-ferences geographically and politically, whether we have an R or a D next to our name, I daresay that there is one thread that indeed binds us all. 
We are all here to improve the lives 
of our friends, our neighbors, and our family members at home. 
b1900 
This is Brooke and Brielle. I am in 
the middle. So look at just Brooke and Brielle. They and so many of our friends, neighbors, and family members are why we are here today. These two little girls from my district in Michi-gan are bravely battling SMA. They are two of the brightest stars that I know. 
Our 21st Century Cures effort seeks 
to capture just a sliver of the hope and optimism that countless patients like Brooke and Brielle exude, despite in-surmountable odds. 
A year and a half ago, we had an idea. 
We sat down, Republicans and Demo-crats, and it was time for Congress to do something positive to boost re-search and innovation and deliver real hope for more cures by expediting the approval of drugs and devices. That is what this bill does. 
We traveled the country. We had 
probably 40 or 50 different roundtable and subcommittee hearings all over the place, and we appreciated Republican and Democratic participation. We vis-ited with patients, researchers, innovators, and health experts from across the health spectrum. We lis-tened, and we put pen to paper, and then we listened some more. And that is why we are here today. 
There is not a single person in this 
Chamber or watching at home tonight who has not been touched by disease in some way, and it is about time that we actually do something about it. 
So as we begin debate on this land-
mark bill, I can’t help but think of the patients who are sitting across from their doctors right now about to get news that certainly is going to change their world. 
It is not just the disease that makes 
them feel powerless and vulnerable. The very system designed to help them has not kept pace with scientific ad-vances. They need the next generation of treatment and cures, but they don’t have until the next generation to wait. 
They aren’t interested in debating 
why the timelines, the failure rates, the size and the costs of conducting clinical trials are at all-time highs. They know that, despite the promise of scientific breakthroughs, they can’t get the therapy that might save them. That is why we need this bill. We have all said too many early 
good-byes—too many—and we have seen families robbed of a parent that is never going to get to see their child’s milestones, like not see them walk down the aisle, maybe not see a grad-uation, maybe not see a career, maybe not see them raise a family of their own, and we have seen children that are born without the gift of a future. Life is not always fair. We know that, but we have got to try and do better. 
The last century and the century be-
fore it brought just remarkable med-ical breakthroughs. From x rays and anesthesia to pacemakers and trans-plants, the tools to diagnose and treat patients have been transformed over and over and over again; yet for every single disease that we defeat, every condition we cure, there are thousands more still plaguing our people. Of the 10,000 known diseases, 7,000 of which are rare, there are treatments for only 500. 
The history of health innovation is 
indeed remarkable, but now we have got our sights set on this bill, 21st Cen-tury Cures. The bill is about making sure that our laws, regulations, and re-sources keep pace with scientific ad-vances. 
So what does it take to vanquish a 
disease? Yes, often billions of dollars, millions of hours—that is for sure— thousands of researchers, and hun-dreds—maybe thousands—of failed at-tempts can go into the development of yet just one single treatment or cure. It is daunting, it seems impossible, but still, patients like Brooke and Brielle hold out hope. 
They battle through pain, transcend 
physical limitations, and live lives filled with joy and optimism. Our brothers and sisters, moms and dads, grandparents and friends, they all keep faith in the future, in spite of suffering. This bill, the 21st Century Cures initia-tive, is for them. It is for those that we lost, those who grapple with sickness today, and those who will be diagnosed tomorrow. 
In this, the greatest century in the 
world on the greatest country on the planet, Americans deserve a system that is second to none. We can and must do better. It is about hope—hope that the burden for patients and care-givers is less tomorrow than it was yes-terday—and it is about time. 
So as Brooke and Brielle always say 
with a smile and a sparkle in their eyes, ‘‘We can, and we will.’’ The time for 21st Century Cures is now. 
Please join us, Republicans and 
Democrats, leaders on both sides of the aisle, for the patients that we want to solve these diseases for, by supporting this bill, by working with our col-leagues in the Senate, but really listen-ing to the voices that call for us to do something well. This is it, H.R. 6. Please vote for it tomorrow. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chair, I 
rise today in support of the 21st Century Cures 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.088 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5016 July 9, 2015 
Act. I thank Chairman U PTON and my col-
leagues on the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee for all the work they’ve done advancing this important initiative. 
For the past year and a half, we have been 
listening to experts and patients across the country detail how we can proactively address America’s growing health care needs and areas where cures and therapies are lacking. 
The single best thing we can do? Make sure 
that our ultimate goal should not be to provide lifelong treatment, but to find life-saving cures. 
It shouldn’t take 15 years and billions of dol-
lars to maybe get a new medical innovation approved. We need to remove the unneces-sary barriers between Americans and life- changing innovation. 
This means prioritizing resources, cutting 
through red tape, and empowering scientists and researchers so they can discover, develop and deliver medical breakthroughs. 21st Cen-tury Cures does this. 
I’m proud to have authored six major provi-
sions in the Cures package. These are bills that modernize HIPAA laws, accelerate the discovery of new cures, create research con-sortia to treat pediatric disorders, and bring our regulatory framework into the 21st century by embracing technologies that focus on pa-tient-specific therapies and the potential for powerful indicators, like Biomarkers. 
Mr. Chair, we have a unique opportunity 
here today. Today we are offering hope for the millions of Americans suffering from currently incurable and untreatable diseases. 
Hope for the Eastern Washington dad with 
ALS who just wants to see his kids grow up. 
Hope for the high school student with can-
cer waiting for the FDA to approve a clinical trial. 
This is our chance to help foster an environ-
ment where innovation is accelerated, not sti-fled. Where discovery and high paying jobs are here in the United States, not abroad. 
This is our chance to offer the promise of 
real solutions to the American people. 
Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues join me in 
taking advantage of this tremendous oppor-tunity, and passing 21st Century Cures. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chair, I rise today in 
support of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, which will help uncover the next generation of ground-breaking cures and treatments for the thousands of diseases that currently have none. H.R. 6 will streamline the delivery proc-ess, enhance research and development, and modernize the regulatory system for approving drugs and medical devices. For patients, fami-lies, and loved ones affected by serious ill-nesses, this legislation offers real hope. 
Last summer, I was fortunate to meet a 
young man named Scott Andrew Mosley who lives in my district in Henderson, Kentucky. Scott is 13 years old and was diagnosed with Duchenne’s Muscular Dystrophy (DMD) at the age of 6. DMD is a recessive X-linked form of muscular dystrophy, affecting around 1 in 3,600 boys, which results in muscle degenera-tion and premature death. 
DMD begins in the legs and over time at-
tacks all the muscles in the body. Young Scott became unable to walk at the age of 9 be-cause of DMD, but has never complained about the hand he has been dealt. He offers encouraging smiles to everyone he meets, de-spite knowing he faces a disease without a cure. Last year, a group of gentlemen in the Henderson community rallied together and vol-unteered to remodel and refit Scott’s bedroom 
with his own shower and equipment necessary to transfer him from bed to bath. These gen-tlemen volunteered their time, talent, and money to help Scott and his family because it was the right thing to do. 
Mr. Chair, as a Member of this esteemed 
body, I believe it is our duty and obligation to pass the 21st Century Cures Act so that peo-ple like Scott Mosley can have hope for a cure for DMD and so many other diseases. Many other Kentuckians and Americans across this 
country are also in need, and passing the 21st Century Cures Act will bring them hope, and it also is the right thing to do. My thoughts and prayers remain with Scott and the Mosley fam-ily, and I thank them for the opportunity to speak on their behalf. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. Unanimously passed out of the House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee with a 51–0 vote, the 21st Century Cures initiative will encourage innovation in biomedical research and development of new treatments. 
With $8.75 billion in mandatory funding over 
the next five years delivered to the newly cre-ated National Institutes of Health and Cures Innovation Fund and $550 million for the Food and Drug Administration over the next five years, it is clear that Congress is committed to investing in health research. Developing a bet-ter system of funding towards high-risk high reward research and research by early stage investigators is crucial to finding better health outcomes. With a better focus on infectious disease, precision medicine, and biomarkers, I strongly believe that we will finally address these areas of unmet medical needs, which are often the most pervasive issues in our health system. 
The modernization of clinical trials by sup-
porting a more centralized system, moving to more adaptive clinical trial designs, and cre-ating a national neurological disease surveil-lance system will help to develop better data and provide more patient success stories. The legislation also allows for better sharing of clinical trial information for researchers and scientists for more efficiency across the board. Also, the bill ensures that strategies will be de-veloped to cast a wider net for clinical trials in order to increase minority representation. 
Last October, I wrote a letter urging the 
White House to take into consideration UT- Southwesten’s existing particle therapy re-search infrastructure and expertise in leading cancer treatment research in the U.S. when selecting the planning grant award recipients. The planned center would serve as a research adjunct to an independently created and fund-ed, sustainable clinical facility for particle beam radiation therapy. Currently, the plan-ning grant includes pilot projects that will en-able a research agenda in particle beam deliv-ery systems, dosimetry, radiation biology, and/ or translational pre-clinical studies. 
Mr. Chair, the advanced planning grant the 
UT Southwestern Medical Center received in February 2015, is exactly the type of medical and technological advancement the DFW Metroplex and country needs and is the type of federal investment we need to continue to lead the world in state-of-the-art medical re-search. Not only is this grant a major ad-vancement for STEM, it is a crucial step in the right direction for cancer research and those affected by cancer here in the United States. This legislation provides new funding oppor-
tunities for innovative cancer treatment ap-proaches such as the development of Amer-ica’s first Heavy Ion Center for cancer therapy and would pave the way to keep America at the forefront of medical research and state-of- the-art cancer treatment. 
While H.R. 6 contains many provisions re-
garding the biomedical research workforce, clinical trials, FDA improvements, I am most proud of the initiative’s provisions regarding mandatory funding for the NIH and FDA. I strongly believe that the Congress has not placed enough importance on scientific re-search and this is a way to get us back on track. Investing in innovation will yield high re-wards for the medical community, especially patients. I am proud to support H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania) having as-
sumed the chair, Mr. H ARDY , Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accel-erate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
IRANIAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, July 7, the Obama administration once again ig-nored a deadline for the Iranian Nu-clear Agreement while failing to set a new date to conclude discussions on what could prove to be some of the most important diplomatic negotia-tions of our lifetimes. 
In March of 2015, I joined 367 Mem-
bers of the House in sending a letter to President Obama requesting that any agreement would be provided adequate congressional oversight and approval. This was a bipartisan effort because both Democrats and Republicans alike recognized the magnitude of the chal-lenges we face in confronting the possi-bility of a nuclear Iran. 
The United States must promote an 
agreement that first and foremost ad-vances our national security and the security of our allies in the region. A clear indicator of future performance has always been past performance. Un-fortunately, Iran has a decades-long history of obfuscation when it comes to their nuclear program. 
Mr. Speaker, we must ensure that ne-
gotiations do not result in simply de-laying Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon for just a few short years but, rather, a strong deal that would pre-vent the current regime from ever ob-taining a nuclear weapon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.033 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5017 July 9, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, as talks continue into 
the weekend, I am hopeful that nego-tiators will remember that no deal is better than a bad deal. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRESSIVE 
CAUCUS: CONFEDERATE FLAG 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HARDY ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, earlier today, the distin-guished gentlewoman from California introduced a privileged resolution, not too different from the one my friend and colleague Mr. T
HOMPSON brought 
to the floor just last week. Mr. Speak-er, that resolution called for the imme-diate removal of the Confederate battle flag from the Capitol grounds. And my colleagues across the aisle moved quickly to banish that resolution to die in committee. 
Earlier today, the original home of 
the Confederacy argued, but agreed, that the Confederate flag and the his-tory it represents belong in a museum. They decided that the flag should not serve as a bright, waving reminder of the discrimination and disparity of treatment for people of color that still lingers in communities across our country—hateful sentiments that re-sulted in the loss of nine lives at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston. 
They decided that that flag should 
not hang high above the halls of State government, forcing all those who see it to wonder whether the emotions and ideology so closely tied to it are present in the hearts and minds of those who serve in that statehouse. 
They decided that the flag had flown 
long enough, and that taking it down would be one small but critical step in healing the deep divisions present in their State. 
They stood against the symbol of big-
otry, they stood against years of com-placency, and they stood for the prin-ciples of equality, justice, and unity for this Nation. They will take that flag down tomorrow. 
But Republican leadership in this 
body refuses to do that. They took the path of cowardice and turned a blind eye to the struggles of generations of Americans. They used backhanded tac-tics last night to muddle the language of the Interior and Environment Ap-propriations bill, including language intended to satisfy Members who would rather see that flag fly. 
The fallout from that language led to 
the disappearance of that bill from to-day’s scheduled debate and resulted in the chairman of that subcommittee disowning the final product. 
Leader P
ELOSI ’s resolution offered 
another opportunity for my colleagues across the aisle to stand on the right side of history, but they turned that chance down resoundingly. Mr. Speaker, let’s not mince words. 
While I stand with my brothers and sis-ters of the South, the Confederacy itself fell far below even common de-cency for fellow man, violating human rights and taking advantage of every part of the lives of the men and women they enslaved, sometimes for profit and sometimes purely for pleasure. 
The Confederacy used extreme vio-
lence and terrorism to subjugate mil-lions purely on the basis of the color of their skin, and started the deadliest war ever to take place on U.S. soil to defend a disgraceful system. That flag is a symbol of the Confederacy’s effort to keep that system intact. That is why, Mr. Speaker, before the holiday, I stood in this very spot on the floor to denounce the hate, bigotry, malice, dis-crimination, and division that the Con-federate flag stands for. 
But I also reminded my colleagues 
that a symbol, while significant, is only a stand-in for something far stronger. A symbol will never have the strength of a bullet fired from the bar-rel of a policeman’s gun at an unarmed Black man because of ingrained bias. A symbol will never have the impact of a prison sentence that permanently pre-vents a young person from becoming a full-fledged member of society, a fate far more likely to befall a person of color. A symbol will never eradicate Black and Latino wealth like the pred-atory loan structures that put their homes underwater in a recession at rates that dwarfed their White peers. 
But if we are not even willing to get 
rid of a symbol, as this body has so clearly expressed its disinterest in doing, how can we possibly move on to the real underlying problems, issues like education for young people, afford-able housing, and access and training for jobs. 
Removing a symbol is an easy thing 
to do, an easy thing that would have signaled one country, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
Today, Republican Members across 
the aisle did more than just stand up for that symbol of hate and that sym-
bol of degradation. These Members treated me and those issues that are vi-tally important and extremely sen-sitive to me in a manner that was both disrespectful, insensitive, and very hurtful, Mr. Speaker. 
b1915 
Nonetheless, this will not go away. 
We will continue to raise this issue every day that it is needed, every week that it is needed, every month that it is needed, until my colleagues can rec-ognize that a simple act of decency, the removal of this symbol of hate and dis-respect and slavery, a mark on our his-tory that needs to be removed. 
Once we do that, Mr. Speaker, once 
we do that simple, little thing, and that is to stand together in taking down that ugly symbol that that flag represents, then we will be able to get on with the serious and important work that needs to be done to lift up this economy on behalf of all people. That will be education for all people, 
and higher education that is affordable for all people, Mr. Speaker. It will be affordable housing. It will be jobs and job training. It will be adequate pre-school programs and afterschool pro-grams. It will be recreation programs and character-building programs. 
It will be safe communities. It will be 
equal opportunity for all because that is the country that we live in, and that is the reason that we have this Con-gress, and that is the reason that I am here. 
I, for one, will not be silent on this 
issue until we see this change that the 21st century demands. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. B
ECERRA ). 
Mr. BECERRA. I thank the gentle-
woman from New Jersey for yielding, and I stand with her and what she has just said. 
Mr. Speaker, sometimes, we forget 
how privileged we are, the Members of Congress, who have a chance to stand in this hallowed Chamber. We are the representatives of the people. We get elected to speak for the American peo-ple. We get elected to act on behalf of the American people. 
Very few Americans, throughout the 
history of our country, have had an op-portunity to stand right here where we are today and say that we actually can get things done, not just for the Amer-ican people, for the people of the world, because there has never been a democ-racy like the United States of America. 
There has never been a country that 
has had an opportunity to do so much for so many, and there has never been a democracy that has a chance to prove to the world that we know how to get this done and do it right. 
Mr. Speaker, as we stand here in this 
Chamber, we have to admit, we have to be prepared on behalf of the American people to stand up, to step up, to do what is right, and to do what the American people expect us to do. 
Now, they know we have to speak for 
them, but they don’t want us just to talk. The time to just talk on so many issues has come and gone. 
Mr. Speaker, I think the American 
public would agree that the time to just talk about what to do about the Confederate battle flag has come and gone. The time to just talk about what to do about the Confederate battle flag came 150 years ago when the chance to heal was upon us. 
As President Lincoln said in his sec-
ond inaugural address: ‘‘With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the na-tion’s wounds.’’ 
If we needed to talk, Abraham Lin-
coln said it all. Lincoln wanted us to act, to move, to get things done for the American people. 
The time to talk came after one after 
another Black church was suspiciously burned down throughout this country, and we knew something was going on. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.090 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5018 July 9, 2015 
That was the time to talk about what 
we needed to do. 
The time to talk was before a man, 
driven by hate and animosity, on June 17, entered Mother Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, South Carolina, to carry out a vicious plan to start a race war—because we have seen these signs of danger growing for the dis-regard for life. 
That would have been a time to talk 
and heal, before that man, crazed with hate, walked into Mother Emanuel Church; but, Mr. Speaker, after nine innocent, God-loving, God-fearing Americans were taken from their fami-lies, from their church where they were praying, from their country, the time to just talk is over. 
It is time for us to step up. It is time 
for us to stand up because that is why we get elected, to do what the people expect us, on their behalf, to do. 
320 million Americans cannot get up 
and say, It is time to remove the Con-federate battle flag from any grounds where we reflect the governance of a democracy. They encharge us to do that, and the time to talk has ended. 
When we see on the floor of the 
House, last night, an opportunity for the Congress to register itself and say, We hear you, America, you want us to act, and you want us to take down that Confederate battle flag in whatever symbolic way we can, including selling that symbol here in the Capitol, we had an opportunity. 
In fact, we had an opportunity that 
was golden because it seemed like we had a bipartisan vote to do exactly that; but, in the dead of night, some-thing happened. Some people decided to hide behind the dark cloud and change what we had just done. 
When we take to the floor here, we 
may only be talking, but as my col-league from New Jersey said, we are going to do much more because the time to talk has just ended. It is time to act. It is time to step up. 
We all have an opportunity. We all 
have an obligation to stand up. 
Tomorrow morning, at 10, the Con-
federate battle flag will finally come down from above the South Carolina Capitol once and for all. Mr. Speaker, the Confederate battle flag has no place but a museum in the 21st cen-tury. 
Let us all together, those of us privi-
leged to be in this Chamber, along with our fellow Americans, forge a path for-ward as a Nation that celebrates our bright future, not our dark past. It is time to take the Confederate battle flag down. It is time for us to step up. 
It is not a time to hide behind proce-
dural motions, behind votes in the dead of night, and it certainly is not time for us to assemble a bipartisan group of Members to talk about what we need to do about the Confederate battle flag. 
It is time to do the work of the peo-
ple, and they want us to act. There should be no doubt about it. The Amer-ican people are speaking very force-fully. Don’t just talk; act. Mr. Speaker, I say with great pride, 
having served in this Chamber for many years, I believe the people’s Rep-resentatives in the people’s House are getting ready to act; and no act during the dead of night, no effort to derail this effort will succeed because the people have spoken and spoken in the words of the nine people who are no longer with us. 
We do it with grace, but we will do it 
with power because we understand this is not a time to just talk; it is a time to act—and we will act. 
I thank the gentlewoman for yield-
ing. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Rep-
resentative B
ECERRA , thank you so 
much for taking your time and being here with us today, and thank you so much for your eloquent words. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. H
AHN). 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I would like 
to also thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for allowing me to add my voice to this discussion. 
Certainly, all Americans were dev-
astated by the brutal murder of nine people, including Senator Pinckney, while they were attending Wednesday night Bible study at Mother Emanuel AME Church in Charleston. Their kill-er was motivated by racism, bigotry, and even had pictures of himself dis-playing Confederate memorabilia. 
The people of South Carolina and 
their political representatives have en-gaged in serious conversations about race, about healing, and how to deal with their State’s history. 
South Carolina’s Governor signed a 
bill a few hours ago to take down that Confederate battle flag from the grounds of the State capitol where it has flown for 50 years, and as South Carolina was moving to take down that flag, some right here were moving in the opposite direction. 
Earlier today, I took to this House 
floor to express my outrage that my friends on the other side of the aisle had offered a surprise amendment last night to allow the Confederate battle flag to be displayed in our national parks and at Federal cemeteries, just a couple of days after this body voted to remove that Confederate battle flag from our national parks. 
Many of my colleagues, including 
those participating in this Special Order tonight, joined in speaking out; and as a result, I think we succeeded in stopping them from bringing that amendment to a vote. 
We are here now because we recog-
nize that it is not enough to keep the Confederate flag from being displayed or sold at national parks. Right now, here on the grounds of the United States Capitol, where we and our staffs work and visitors from all over come to visit, the Confederate battle flag and other images of the Confederacy are still visible; and that, we believe now, is unacceptable. 
I am proud to serve in the United 
States House of Representatives, which is known as the people’s House; yet 
here in the hallways of our office build-ings and elsewhere in the House of Rep-resentatives, including this side of the Capitol Building, there are State flags on display which include imagery of the Confederacy. 
Many of the residents of the wonder-
fully diverse district which I represent in California and many other Ameri-cans from all across our country find these images offensive, insulting, pain-ful, even threatening. 
If we are to truly be representative of 
the people and if we want the people, all of the people of this great Nation, to feel welcome and comfortable here in the people’s House, then we cannot 
continue to have divisive symbols asso-ciated with hatred, with bigotry and oppression on public display. 
Therefore, let me add my voice to 
those of my colleagues in calling for the removal from the House of Rep-resentatives of any flag containing any portion of that Confederate battle flag. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank 
the gentlewoman from California for sharing her wisdom with us and her en-couragement. 
Mr. Speaker, I really am touched by 
what we experienced in Charleston, South Carolina, the kind of grace and mercy that the families of those who were felled by this domestic terrorist on the church in Charleston, South Carolina. 
I know that, even in this Chamber, 
there are friends that I have across the aisle who would gladly vote with me and vote with my colleagues to remove that flag and that imagery and that symbolism from any of our government properties if they would simply be given the chance. 
In honor and respect of the loss of 
life and the grace and mercy and the healing and forgiveness that was dem-onstrated by the families of those who lost their lives in Charleston, South Carolina, and in recognition of the cou-rageous steps that the South Caro-linians did in voting to take down that flag and for the Governor to sign that and to watch, tomorrow, when history is being made, to take down that flag, I pray that our House is given the op-portunity to vote our conscience be-cause I know that I have colleagues on the other side of the aisle that feel the same way that I do, that believe in the greatness of this country and that be-lieve in justice and liberty for all and believe that those symbols that remind us of the mistakes that we have made belong in the annals of history, to be remembered, but never to be repeated. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
b1930 
CONFEDERATE BATTLE FLAG 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
BABIN). Under the Speaker’s announced 
policy of January 6, 2015, the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) is recog-
nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.091 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5019 July 9, 2015 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my privilege to be recognized by you and address you here on the floor of the United States House of Representa-tives, this great deliberative body. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Iowa? 
There was no objection. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I 
come to the floor tonight to take up a topic that I think is going to be of in-terest to all Americans, but I can’t dive into that topic immediately with-out first referencing my reaction to these long days of debate that have taken place here in Congress about opening up a subject that had been put away by this country since about 1865. 
I grew up as a Yankee well north of 
the Mason-Dixon line. I saw the Con-federate flag in multiple applications. It always was a symbol of southern pride and regional patriotism and a symbol that said to them that the South was proud to be the South, but I never saw it as a racist symbol. 
But it had drifted into a symbol of an 
artifact of history until such time now as it has been seized upon by those who are using it to divide America again. 
I regret that they have gone through 
these days of this ritual of excoriating the Confederate flag. I regret that that has been brought up. And one would think that, if it was that offensive, that they would just let it drift back into history as a relic of history rather than try to resurrect it as a symbol of something that they can’t seem to let go of. 
But, for us, we are a country that 
every component of our history has not been as noble as we would like. Every country in the world has had difficul-ties along the way. We have risen above our difficulties, Mr. Speaker, and we have adjusted to them and have put them behind us. 
But we cannot be eradicating or eras-
ing the history of our country. It is im-portant that we do keep it in front of us so that we can evaluate the lessons learned and move forward and make progress. That was the reconstruction era. That goes clear back to right after 1865, and I regret that those old wounds have been peeled open again. 
It is ironic that the gentleman would 
talk about President Lincoln’s second Inaugural Address and binding up this Nation’s wounds. They have been bound up. They have been healed up. And now they are open again, regret-fully, Mr. Speaker. So I will package up that component of my response. 
THE SUPREME COURT  
Mr. KING of Iowa. I will now shift 
over to the topic that I came to the floor to address, and that is the topic of the Supreme Court from the mar-riage decision, the decisions that actu-
ally came down from the Supreme Court—I believe it was a week ago last Thursday and Friday. 
On Thursday, there was a decision 
from the Supreme Court on ObamaCare, the King v. Burwell case, where the majority decision of the Su-preme Court concluded that the law, as passed by the United States Congress, doesn’t mean what it says. 
It means instead, according to the 
majority of the Supreme Court, what they think the President would have liked to have had it said if he had actu-ally been dictating the language there. 
But we have to vote, Mr. Speaker, on 
the language that is in the bill, not the language that should have been in the head of the President and the Speaker of the House at the time. 
That is why we have had a Supreme 
Court who, over the last generation, has been textualist. This has emerged from the Rehnquist court and should have survived and been enhanced under the Roberts court, that the law means what it says and the Constitution means what it says and, furthermore, it needs to mean what it was under-stood to mean at the time of ratifica-tion. 
We do have a language that moves 
and changes and morphs along the way. And the language that is written into the Constitution, into the various amendments that are there and written into our laws, we can’t simply say that because we have a different way we uti-lize language today, that somehow the people who ratified it had a meaning that conformed to the morphed lan-guage of the modern world. And I would have thought that Chief Justice Roberts would have been one of those who would have adhered to that. 
I can think of times when the Court 
has said to this Congress: You may have intended one thing, but the lan-guage in the bill that you passed and was signed into law actually means something different. So you can either live with the decision of the Court or you can set about changing the lan-guage so that the language actually does what you intended it to do. It is a simple understanding of simple con-
struction under the law in the Con-stitution. 
An example, Mr. Speaker, would be 
the ban on partial birth abortion that passed here in this Congress in the nineties. It went before three Federal courts and then was appealed to the Supreme Court. 
And the Supreme Court concluded 
that the ban on partial birth abortion that Congress had first passed was vague in its description of the act itself and that Congress didn’t have findings that partial birth abortion was not necessary to save the life of the moth-er. 
So it was struck down by the Su-
preme Court, and that means they sent it back to us. They said: Congress, fix that. And I got involved in that. 
I want to tip my hat to Congressmen 
S
TEVE CHABOT of Ohio, who was the chairman of the Constitution Sub-
committee at the time, and J IMSEN-
SENBRENNER , the chair of the full Judi-
ciary Committee. We held hearing after hearing. We rewrote the defini-tion of ‘‘partial birth abortion’’ so that it was precise and clear and under-standable, and we complied with the Court’s directive. 
In those hearings, we brought wit-
nesses that put into the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD a mass of evidence that con-
cluded that a partial birth abortion was never necessary to save the life of the mother. We did those things to con-form to the directive of the Supreme Court because they read the text of the law. 
But today we have a Supreme Court 
that concludes that—well, the text may say one thing, but we think the President would have preferred it to say something else. And so did most of the people, maybe, that voted to pass ObamaCare, that very partisan piece of legislation. Maybe they intended for it to say something else, too, but it didn’t. 
So the Supreme Court inserted the 
words ‘‘or Federal Government’’ into the statute that said an exchange es-tablished by the State. The Supreme Court essentially wrote into that ‘‘by State or Federal Government,’’ alleg-ing that the language was vague. 
That is appalling to me, Mr. Speaker, 
to think that in the United States of America, a country ruled by the rule of law, that we could have a Supreme Court who—no one has a higher charge to read the language, to understand it, to call the balls and strikes, as the Chief Justice has said. 
I think he forgot to say that you are 
supposed to also call whether it is fair or foul. Well, I think it is foul. It is a foul ball for the Supreme Court to think that they can change the lan-guage of the law. 
If they sent it back here, Congress 
then had an obligation to adjust the policy to our intent from now, maybe not the intent at the time that it was passed, because those years have moved. 
Then subsequent to that, the very 
next day, Friday—a week ago last Fri-day, as I recall—the Supreme Court came with a decision, a decision on same sex marriage. I have some experi-ence with this, Mr. Speaker, and it falls along this line. 
In 2009, the Iowa Supreme Court, in 
reading the mirror of our 14th Amend-ment, which is in our United States Constitution—and the mirror of it is written into the Iowa State Constitu-tion—they concluded that same-sex marriage was the law of the land in Iowa. And their conclusion was that it fell underneath the equal protection and due process clauses of the 14th Amendment—the mirrored component of the 14th Amendment that was in our Iowa constitution. 
There are 63 pages in the Varnum v. 
Brien decision in the Iowa case. I read that decision. I read all 63 pages. But 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.093 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5020 July 9, 2015 
not only that, I poked through it. I 
read it. I looked at the ceiling. I con-templated. I looked back down at the words. I tried to absorb the kind of legal rationale that would get you to the point where you could conclude that under equal protection or due process, that marriage really was be-tween one adult and another entity, whatever sex or gender that entity might be. And they wrote that under the protection of the 14th Amendment, the Equal Protection Clause and due process, that, quote, homosexuals have a right to public affirmation, closed quote. 
Mr. Speaker, I know of no place in 
law, I know of no place in society, I know of no place in history where there is an individual, let alone a group of people, a self-labeled group of people that have any claim to public affirma-tion, public approval conferred by the court. But that was the key to under-standing this litigation that has moved forward since 2009. 
It brings us into 2015. And we have a 
decision in the Supreme Court that commands all States, if they are going to recognize any marriage, to recognize same sex marriage and for all States to also provide the reciprocity of recog-nizing marriages that take place in other States, as those individuals may come through or move into their States. That is that right of reci-procity. It is in the Constitution, reci-procity. 
But, Mr. Speaker, for the Supreme 
Court to essentially create a new right, a right to same sex marriage manufac-tured out of the 14th Amendment of the Constitution of the United States, that was ratified in 1868—and, by the way, it ties into this dialogue about the Confederate flag and all the rhet-oric that we have had in this Congress all week long. It ties into it in this way: 
The 13th and 14th Amendments to the 
Constitution were ratified in the after-math of the Civil War. They were es-tablished, first, the 13th Amendment, to free the slaves because the people in the legislature at the time didn’t be-lieve that a clear statute that freed the slaves was going to actually have the impact that a constitutional amend-ment would. So they passed the 13th Amendment to establish that there will be no slavery in the United States anywhere, ever. 
The second was the 14th Amendment, 
the Equal Protection Clause and the Due Process Clause and the clause says that all persons born in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof shall be American citizens. All of that to ensure not only that the freed slaves would be free and they would have equal access to all their rights of citizenship but that their children would also be citizens and that they would have equal protection under the law. That was the essence of the 14th Amendment. 
We are asked to believe that some-
how those who wrote and ratified the 14th Amendment in 1868 had secretly 
put some subtle language into it that they somehow knew we would discover in 2015 that says, there shall be same sex marriage in all of America, and the Supreme Court will find it, and they will impose it upon the rest of the country because they are the enlight-ened five of nine in black robes. 
Well, the Supreme Court has had a 
terrible record, a terrible record on dealing with large domestic issues. In 1857, Dred Scott, they thought they could resolve the slavery issue. The Su-preme Court was stacked in favor of the South. Five from the South and one from Pennsylvania that was sym-pathetic to slavery. They had a 6–3 op-eration going on. And they essentially declared that blacks could not be citi-zens, and they could not be free. They could not be citizens, and they could not be freed by States. And that if a slave owner owned a slave, they owned that slave in any State that that indi-vidual might go. That was the decision of Dred Scott. 
They thought they had put the issue 
away. It came back to haunt this coun-try over and over again. And it was part of the conflict that began in the next decade, within 1862, and that brought about the death of 600,000 Americans and split this country apart and it has taken years to put us back together. The Dred Scott decision. 
Fast forward 100 years. They took 
prayer out of the public schools. We honored that decision. We stopped praying at least openly in our public schools. Now the question is: Can a football team without the coach kneel on the grass and pray before a ball game? 
We are a First Amendment country. 
Freedom of religion. And we are deal-ing with this kind of assault on free re-ligion because the Supreme Court in Murray v. Curlett in 1963 dumped that on us; 1973, Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton. Then you have the Lawrence v. Texas decision. 
b1945 
And it goes on and on and on, Mr. 
Speaker. Up to this point, the domestic life of America has been dramatically transformed by order of the Supreme Court, the people least connected to the will of the people. When they sepa-rate themselves from the text of the statute and the text in the under-standing of the Constitution, we are in a place where the Supreme Court then has put themselves above the law, above the Constitution, and above the will of the people. 
One of the people that understands 
that as well as anybody in this United States Congress is my friend from Texas, Mr. L
OUIE GOHMERT , who speaks 
to us often in these Chambers. I know about his marriage, and I know about his conviction to the rule of law and the Constitution. 
I yield to the gentleman from Texas, 
L
OUIE GOHMERT . 
Mr. GOHMERT. I am very grateful 
for my very dear friend—not just friend, but dear friend—from Iowa, and 
I am pleased that he would take the time to talk about this. He is making some great points. 
The Dred Scott decision, if you really 
look at it, was decided by a majority who had great aspirations that the media was going to love what they did. Instead of looking at the words of the Constitution and applying those words, they were playing to the elite media, and the elite media was completely wrong. Slavery was the worst abomina-tion and blot on this Nation’s history, and it is tragic that the Supreme Court played an active role in that. 
It is tragic that in the seventies, as 
you pointed out, from the sixties, the seventies, the Roe v. Wade, the Su-preme Court has contributed to tens of millions of murders—tragic. But I guess as a former judge and a former chief justice, nothing infuriates me more than for a judge or justice to be-lieve that they are completely above the law. I know what it is to recuse myself. I know what it is for judges who are friends of mine who had strong feelings about a case, but they knew that they would not be fair and impar-tial and so they had to recuse or dis-qualify themselves. 
With regard to marriage, we had one 
Justice, Sonia Sotomayor, who has made comments indicating a massive question over her impartiality. But if you take two Justices about which there is no question, they were totally disqualified. They were very partial, and they were opinionated. Going into this opinion, they had long since made up their minds. 
In fact, one columnist reported on 
the last marriage, a same-sex mar-riage, that Justice Ginsburg performed. She emphasized the word ‘‘Constitu-tion’’ when she said, ‘‘I now pronounce these two men married by the powers vested in me by the Constitution of the United States.’’ That is a Justice who was completely disqualified. 
Do you wonder, well, what actually 
disqualifies a judge? The law is very clear about that, and Congress does have the authority to dictate the terms by which a judge may sit on the Su-preme Court or may sit on a particular case. This law, 28 U.S.C. 455 (a) part— (b) gets into a number of different op-tions—in (a) there is no option. This is an emphatic requirement for a Justice. 
We know that Justice Kagan had per-
formed a same-sex marriage before this opinion. So we had two Justices who, under the laws of the United States as allowed by the United States Constitu-tion’s clear reading, were disqualified. They were lawbreakers in order to dic-tate legislation on a social issue over which they have no authority by virtue of the Constitution and the 10th Amendment. Yet they violated the law, they violated the Constitution, and they violated their oath. 
It is dishonorable to be a justice in 
any court and violate your oath, vio-late the law, and violate the Constitu-tion. But the law is wanting to assure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.094 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5021 July 9, 2015 
the American people that we are going 
to be so far above question that not only do you have to disqualify yourself if you are partial, you are biased, you are prejudiced in a case, but ‘‘if your impartiality might reasonably be ques-tioned’’ is the language, then you have to. It is a ‘‘shall.’’ You shall disqualify yourself. 
Mr. Speaker, two Justices violated 
the law, violated the Constitution, vio-lated their oath, were dishonorable, and dictated law they have no business dictating. 
There is just one final point I would 
like to make, and I brought this up on C–SPAN yesterday, but I have been giving it some thought. What would be a good way to really get a grip on what nature would indicate? And my friend knows I was there in Iowa with him after that ridiculous decision by the Iowa Supreme Court and the three judges that were up for retention that year were eliminated, as they should have been. But having read that Iowa decision back then, I was amazed that the Iowa Supreme Court said this is a no evidence matter. 
We have different standards: substan-
tial evidence, beyond a reasonable doubt, and preponderance of the evi-dence. 
They said this is a no evidence issue. 
There is no evidence of any kind from any source to indicate a preference for marriage between a man and a woman as opposed to marriage between two men or two women. 
I think it is a very important point 
to say, well, I would be willing to put up everything I will make for the rest of my life, that it would go in to a bet, because I have that much faith in what Moses said and what Jesus said. 
Moses said that this is from God, 
that a marriage is when a man shall leave his father and mother and a woman leave her home and the two will become one flesh. That is a marriage. Jesus repeated: You know the law. Moses give you the law. Here is the law. 
And He repeated the very words of 
Moses, and then He added a line and said: What God has joined together, let no man pull apart. 
So I have such faith in the words of 
Moses and Jesus, I would be willing to stake anything I make the rest of my life that my kids would otherwise get that we could take four couples of man and woman as Moses and Jesus said and find a place that we could place them where they are isolated but they have everything they need to live and have a good, full life, and then take an-other place, an island or such, and put four couples of men, all men that love each other, and put them in such an isolated island situation where they have everything they need to be com-fortable and live, and then have an is-land where we have four couples of women that love each other, they are going to stay together. And then let’s come back however many years you want to wait to come back, at least 25, and you could go 200 years, and let’s go 
back and see what nature has to say about which couple it prefers to sus-tain a civilization. Which couple is pre-ferred by nature? You and I believe na-ture is God, as the Founders did. Which one is preferred? And I am willing to bet everything that I make the rest of my life that in those situations where just nature has to take its course, the couples of man and woman will be the one that proliferates and continues to exist and live on to produce further generations. 
Mr. Speaker, I think that is what the 
people of Iowa found so offensive that they had judges that were so com-pletely ignorant of nature and nature’s God that they could say that there is no evidence in nature or anywhere else to indicate a preference for a couple be-tween a man and a woman. 
I know people have raised issues, but 
you need to be able to see someone you love in the hospital, you bet. We ought to make sure State legislatures fix that problem. If you love somebody, they are your partner, you care about them and they care about you, you don’t want to just stalk anybody you want, but if there is a mutual love, ad-miration, and respect, you ought to be able to see them in a hospital. You ought to be able to transfer property and leave property. We ought to be able to address those things in the law. 
But when it comes to the building 
block for future generations and future civilizations, I can promise you that if it is not built on couples that are man and woman, as Moses and Jesus said, then that civilization will not endure. It is just the law of nature. 
I love the people of Iowa. I love the 
fact that they came out and let it be known that these judges who were edu-cated far beyond their intellectual ca-pability needed to step down because the people of Iowa could figure out that there was evidence to support marriage being between a man and a woman. 
So I appreciate the time the gen-
tleman has yielded to me. Thank you for continuing to stand for what is right, even when we have Supreme Court Justices that violate the law, the Constitution, and their oath. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, re-
claiming my time, I thank the gen-tleman from Texas. I appreciate his presentation here tonight and the many times and many hours that he has spent on the floor. I also would say for the record that the gentleman from Texas, Judge L
OUIE GOHMERT , who had 
the temptation to legislate as a judge and understood constitutionally how to go about that, resigned his seat as a judge and ran for the United States Congress because he is, at heart, a leg-islator with a deep respect and appre-ciation for the rule of law, the statu-tory construction, and the Constitu-tion itself. 
Congressman G
OHMERT did come to 
Iowa and rode the judge bus. We trav-eled around from town to town and gave speech after speech. There were some folks to greet us there that 
weren’t very happy with our presence. I don’t think their mothers were very proud of them, Mr. Speaker, but I think Louie’s mother can be very proud of him. 
I look across the Midwest, in the 
heart of the heartland, and you can’t think about the heart of the heartland without thinking of Kansas. I know the gentleman that represents the vast reaches of the western at least two- thirds of Kansas, if not more, has ar-rived here tonight, and he has dem-onstrated his faith and his commit-ment to family in a lot of ways. I have been able to see that. 
Mr. Speaker, I am happy to yield to 
the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. H
UELSKAMP ). 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the oppor-
tunity to visit tonight about a very radical decision. I appreciate the dis-cussion of my colleagues from Texas and Iowa outlining some of the back-ground. 
I was born in 1968, and what this 
Court would have us believe is that 100 years before I was born, somehow se-cretly written into this constitutional Amendment was language that invali-dated laws in every State of the Union at that time. They want us to believe the authors of this constitutional Amendment, the 14th Amendment, vio-lated their own State laws at the time and just didn’t know it. That is silly. That is utter nonsense. And only if you lived in Washington, D.C., in some bub-ble and spent your weekends or your summers vacationing in Western Eu-rope, not in western Kansas where I am from, could you dream up somehow the Constitution dictated that you would 
overrule, override, undo—this is five unelected black robe attorneys that are going to dictate to 50 million Americans that you are wrong on the definition of marriage. You are wrong. 2,000 years of human history is wrong. The authors of the 14th Amendment were wrong, and 31 States are wrong. Let me go through that. We are talking about dozens and dozens of States that adopted by a vote of the people. 
Again, let’s roll back 2 years ago in 
the Winter decision. This same Court, the exact same Court, said: Do you know what? It is up to the States to de-cide. 
They actually declared themselves 
wrong 2 years previous to that and set to deny the vote, the right to vote to short-circuit the democratic process. Now recognize, folks have strong opin-ions. 
b2000 
Even the President of the United 
States—President Obama and I both agree on this point; there are strong opinions on both sides, but what is hap-pening here is the folks that can’t win in the State of Kansas, can’t win in 30 other States, have decided that they are going to try to find five people, five people to overrule 50 million. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.095 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5022 July 9, 2015 
Let me give you an example. My 
home State of Kansas, when we passed our Kansas marriage amendment, which I was proud to be the author of, 417,675 men and women voted to declare that marriage is only between a man and a woman. Five lawyers across the street said, You are all wrong—every one of them. 
You go to the State of California, in 
2008, 7,001,084 Californians were de-clared to be wrong by five people across the street, five people who have al-ready fled town. They have left town. They won’t even stay here; they don’t even show up in public. They go behind closed doors, make up their mind, come out, and rule. 
This is exactly what our Founders 
were afraid of with judicial tyranny of folks trying to dictate, to mandate, take their personal biases, and man-date them on California, mandate them—let me pick a State at random— the State of Maine, 300,848 folks in Maine. How about in Alaska? 152,965 people that these 5 people said were wrong. 
Total across the entire Nation, there 
were 51,483,777 people that this court, these 5 people, not the entire court, 5 people decided you 51,483,777 people, you are wrong. Those five were wrong 2 years ago—or at least one of them was wrong. They changed their mind 2 years ago. 
If you look at the Holy Father’s lat-
est encyclical that has been much dis-cussed, it talks about the rule of law and how if you start violating laws that becomes a pattern—and here, we have a pattern of this Court deciding to ignore the clear Constitution and de-cide to impose their biases. 
As I understand, the dissent was 
frightening. This is not only imposing their biases against traditional mar-riage; these five people don’t like mar-riage as 51 million Americans under-stand that. 
In the dissent, it talked about not 
only that, they have opened the door to plural unions; and it is coming. They referenced a Court case. This is where this Court is headed, and it is totally out of step, not only with 51 million Americans, but with their own Court decision 2 years ago, but also with the whole idea of our Constitution, that somehow it is living and breathing and then five people. 
I mean, this is the same margin by 
which we have had atrocious decisions throughout history of this country. You go not far from this—and my col-league from Iowa knows this—you go not far from here, you go down, I think it is a floor down, where you had a de-cision by the same U.S. Supreme Court, just a few different folks, de-cided certain people didn’t have rights and made a decision, an atrocious deci-sion. They were wrong. I think the Court is wrong today. 
Again, the idea that somehow they 
know better is the elitism that I think is driving folks crazy, and it is not just on this issue. My colleague from Iowa has pointed out, again and again, it is 
concerns about immigration, it is con-cerns about education, it is concerns about spending, about overregulation where you have folks inside a bubble in Washington, D.C., they read every week. 
Every day, I guess, they read the New 
York Times and think they are doing a great job; they read The Washington Post, but they don’t read and listen to real Americans. Again, they travel and vacation in western Europe. 
Many times, we see them using Court 
decisions in the arguments that have no basis not only in our jurisprudence, but in our history and are using that which is outside—I have never served in the U.S. Senate; I probably never will, and I have no desire to do that, but I have got to wonder, when each of these five that decided to overrule 51 million, did anybody ask them: Do you think you are smarter than the rest of America? Did anybody ask them? 
Actually, when they did ask them, 
they said: We can’t tell you how we are going to rule. 
There is no doubt that at least four, 
perhaps five, of these judges, these at-torneys, these lawyers made up their mind before they got the case and said: This is the decision. Here is what we want to reach. Here is the outcome. Let’s make something up so we can at least claim there is an argument. 
There is no logical argument; there is 
no legal argument. All there is, is the utter power, the claim that we get to dictate what the rest of America will accept. 
As a pro-life American as well, we 
have to go 42 years ago. A court tried to do the same thing. And at that time, in ’73, and I am guessing January 24, 1973, I was a little tyke. Thank good-ness I was born before the Roe v. Wade generation. I saw some of those folks run around today, claiming they were part of that generation. 
Part of that generation, one-third of 
those are gone. At that time, the Court said they were going to impose abor-tion on all of America through all 9 months. Do you know what, they walked away and said: We got it all done. 
What they found out is the American 
people are resilient. When they see out-rageous decisions like this, it might take them weeks, it might take them months, it might take them a year, it might take them decades, but they will be pushing back. They will be pushing back and demanding that, when you put your thumb into the eye of 51 mil-lion Americans, you put your thumb in the eye of 2,000 years of history, you put your thumb in the eye of millions of millions of children that deserve a dad and a mom, a married dad and a mom, and say: Do you know what, you don’t count; you don’t count. 
That is what this Court is saying. We 
spend billions of dollars every year try-ing to replace a mom and a dad. Here we are today because of five people across the street—again, five people de-ciding for the rest of us. This was not 
interpretation of the Constitution; this was just utter legal nonsense. 
There are two ways to respond to 
this. One is a Federal marriage amend-ment. I have introduced that a couple sessions in a row. That is the way you amend the Constitution. The way the left amends the Constitution is they get five votes. 
Folks have been worried about a con-
stitutional convention; and I always joke that, well, they have one every time they issue a ruling. This one was a constitutional convention, utter legal fiction and nonsense. They know it; they all know this. 
They are probably drinking cocktails 
tonight, laughing about our comments on the floor saying: Well, yeah, every-body knows that. 
So we are just under some fiction. We 
are trying to figure out, okay, here is the decision we want; here is how we get there. A Federal marriage amend-ment is one option, but that is dif-ficult. 
A second one that we have to worry 
about—and it was noted in the oral ar-guments, it was noted in the opinion of the majority and the minority, because of this decision, mark my words, mark the words of the dissenters—is they will use this decision to attack reli-gious liberties of Americans who still believe, 51 million and plenty of others, that marriage is between a man and a woman. 
They are not going to stop. Ten years 
ago, they said they would stop at civil unions. That was all they wanted; then, well, maybe want something else. Now, it is not only do they want marriage, the next one will be to say, if you dis-agree with me, you not only have to bake a cake, you have to participate in other ceremonies in other ways. It goes on and on. 
That is why I have introduced, along 
with others, the First Amendment De-fense Act, which I call upon those who believe in marriage, and even if you don’t believe in marriage but believe in the supremacy of the American people rather than five attorneys, we bring that to the floor and defend the rights and liberties of Americans and the thousands, perhaps tens of thousands, perhaps millions of churches that say, Do you know what, we don’t agree with that, and we will not have the Federal Government imposing their way—these five people. 
Now, I am just one. We got 435 in this 
body, 100 in the other body, and the Court just said: Do you know what, that doesn’t matter. 
That is the definition of tyranny, and 
from tyranny, good things do not come. Our Founders understood that. 
When you consolidate power—and as 
my colleague said: What difference does Congress make anymore? 
The decision the day before suggested 
they get to rewrite the law, and the marriage decision was they get to re-write the Constitution. This is a funda-mental decision on the history of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.097 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5023 July 9, 2015 
country, the history of our Constitu-
tion, where the future goes, and the history for and the future for our chil-dren. 
I appreciate my colleague from Iowa, 
his efforts for many years. I will not apologize on behalf of 417,675 Kansans who voted for marriage. If those five Justices are asking them to apologize, they will not. They will continue to de-fend God’s lawful marriage, and they will do that proudly and will continue to defend the State, and our U.S. Con-gress should do the same. 
I appreciate my colleague from 
Iowa’s leadership. These are one of these things that it is not easy. 
Congressman, I appreciate your lead-
ership on this and not giving up for the right thing. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I thank the gen-
tleman from Kansas, but I would ask if he will yield to a question before he re-
tires. 
You mention your constitutional 
amendment to preserve marriage be-tween a man and a woman. I would ask if you would be prepared to, if you can, from memory, quote that into the R
ECORD here tonight. 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. I am not prepared 
to quote it. I know what the vote was. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. The essence of it, 
if you could? 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. The essence is 
marriage is reserved between one man and one woman. It is a very simple def-inition, a very historical definition, and it was adopted by 417,675. 
Do you know what was interesting? I 
never once told the State of Kansas that, if five people wanted it, that was the rule of law in Kansas—no. We had to go through an open process, have the debate, have the campaign, get it through the legislature. 
We tried 2 years in a row; it didn’t 
happen. Finally, in 2005, it got on the ballot. It went up. Everybody had their up and down American experiment of democracy and decided. 
I will tell you at the time—and Steve 
understands this, my Congressman— that people said: We don’t need to do that. The Court would never overrule that. There is nowhere that is in the Constitution. 
It is very clear; marriage is between 
a man and a woman. That is the thing, marriage predates government. No matter what these five unelected law-yers appointed for life—with full bene-fits, I might add, and health care—out-side of ObamaCare, that is another issue—no matter what they say, they are not changing what a marriage is. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I would like to re-
iterate this point that as you debated this in Kansas, I am one of the authors of the Iowa’s Defense of Marriage Act. Ours says differently than I think all the other States. 
All the other States say marriage is 
between one man and one woman. I in-sisted that the language say between one male and one female because I didn’t want to be in a debate about what a man was and what a woman was. I didn’t know that, within the last 
couple of months, we would be having that debate nationally, but I think our debate is more specific—however, over-ruled by the Supreme Court of the State of Iowa. 
I didn’t get around to mentioning 
that we voted three of those justices off the bench, swept them off. There were only three up for retention ballot in 2010. We voted them all off of the bench. 
I still ask this question, which is, as 
precise as our language is, I could not divine any right to same-sex marriage in the Constitution, not in the 14th Amendment, not in the Iowa Constitu-tion that is mirrored to the 14th Amendment; but the Supreme Court found it anyway. 
Is it beyond the realm of possibility 
that, if your amendment becomes in-corporated into our Constitution that a more liberal court, or this Court itself, might find a way to rationalize their way around no matter how we write it? 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. That is absolutely 
true. I mean, where can they end up? 
Again, when it becomes an issue of 
bias, and our colleague from Texas talked about that, two justices that clearly demonstrated bias in the State of Kansas, that would be a basis for not ruling on the case and perhaps not even being on a court. 
I mean, those are illegal. I am not an 
attorney, but we recognize that would be highly unethical in the State of Kansas, but apparently, that is the way you get things done nationally, to im-pose your will. 
One thing that, again, I mention in 
passing that we can’t forget is what this does for our children, what this does for our children by attempting to fundamentally destroy and redefine marriage. 
I have been asked: Well, how does it 
affect your marriage? 
When you make marriage anything, 
you devalue what really is marriage. The last thing we need to be doing in this society is devaluing families, de-valuing marriage, and attacking the basis of our society. Our Founders un-derstood that. 
I don’t know what these Justices, 
what their history was growing up, what led them to change their mind and impose that on the rest of Amer-ica; but that is why our Founders said: Here is the Constitution. You can in-terpret it, but you shall go no further. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. They understand 
that in Kansas, they understand that in Iowa, and I suspect they understand that in Florida. 
As I look over, I see the gentleman 
from Florida—I am looking at two doc-tors here—the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). 
I thank the gentleman from Kansas 
for coming down tonight, as well as the gentlemen from Florida and Texas, and the other folks that might show up. 
Mr. Chairman, I am happy to yield to 
the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
colleague from Iowa, Kansas, and Texas for coming down here to share your thoughts on this important item. 
Mr. H
UELSKAMP , you brought up 
about diluting the institution of mar-riage, and if we keep going down this path, it will be worth nothing. 
If we keep diluting the value of our 
money, it is worth nothing; and if we keep diluting the value of the things 
that have made our society great, the nucleus family, if we keep doing that, it becomes more washed out. 
b2015 
Roughly 2 weeks ago the Supreme 
Court’s 5–4 decision on Obergefell v. Hodges demonstrated yet again the highest court in the land legislating from the bench. 
The ruling was disappointing not 
only for the fact that the court had not four States to redefine marriage, but even more so because it removes mil-lions of American from the democratic process of choosing for themselves who and what defines marriage. 
I personally and millions—you 
brought up 51 million—hold a tradi-tional view of marriage between one man and one woman. And I am proud to say that I have been married to my wife Carolyn for over 40 years. God bless her because we know that is a tough job. 
However, the Constitution grants 
people, the voters, the ability to decide whether or not to recognize same-sex marriage. 
Chief Justice Roberts in his dissent 
made a valid point, which I am sure is shared by many Americans. He said those who founded our country would not recognize the majority’s concep-tion of the judicial role. 
And then he continued: They cer-
tainly would not have been satisfied by a system empowering judges to over-ride policies, judgments, so long as they do so after a quiet extensive dis-cussion. 
With this type of legislation from the 
bench, what is the point of the States’ rights. I think that is what this gets down to because 30 States wanted to define and have the right, according to the 10th Amendment, that it is a State’s rights issue. 
If you live in that State and they de-
cide what marriage is and you don’t like it, you have the freedom to move or challenge us through the State sys-tem. 
I think it is a sad day in America 
when we have to, as a country, redefine who we are as a Nation, we have to re-define what marriage is, an institution that has been around and ordained by God for over thousands of years, 2,000- years plus, to come down to this point in our society. 
We have got a book that we have 
lived by, and I am going to hold this up for the viewers. This is, in total, the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. And you can see it is a very thin book. It is not epic in vol-ume, but, yet, it is an epic in ideology 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.098 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5024 July 9, 2015 
of what a nation stands for, a nation of 
laws. 
We have the three branches of gov-
ernment. I have been up here for 21⁄2 
years, and what I hear over and over again is we are in a constitutional cri-sis. 
And being in Congress for the last 2
1⁄2 
years, I see a lot of dysfunctionality. And if we don’t do our job, you get other branches of government fulfilling that job and overstepping their bound-aries. 
I agree with Justice Antonin Scalia 
when he stated in his dissent: A system of government that makes the people subordinate to a committee of non-elected lawyers does not deserve to be called a democracy. 
Wow. Those are powerful words. A 
system of government that makes the people subordinate to a committee of nine unelected lawyers does not de-serve to be called a democracy. 
We cannot allow our Constitution to 
be eroded, and I will continue to fight for the States’ rights and stop this con-tinued Federal power grab. 
I look at Justice Roberts, some of the 
dissension in his ruling, and Roberts forcibly criticized the majority: Sidestepping the democratic process and declaring that same-sex couples have the right to marry when, in his view, such a right has no basis in the Constitution. The court’s decision, he complained, orders the transformation of a social institution that has formed the basis of human societies for mil-lennia. 
We are redefining that. And then he goes on to the Kalahari 
bushmen and to the Han Chinese, the Carthaginians, and the Aztecs. Just who, Roberts laments, do we think we are? 
The other three justices echoed Rob-
erts’ sentiment, sometimes in even more strident terms. 
Justice Scalia characterized the deci-
sion as a judicial putsch and suggested that, before he signed on to an opinion like the majority, I would hide my head in a bag. This is from our Su-preme Court justices. 
I think it is a sad state of affairs 
that, in the three branches of govern-ment, that we are out of balance. 
We, as Member of Congress, are the 
most powerful branch. It is the way our Founders set our country up. It is the longest living democracy and constitu-tional free republic in the world. The reason for that is the checks and bal-ances. 
I would like, Mr. Speaker, to say to 
you and to my colleagues that our three branches of government are seri-ously out of balance. 
And at times during human history, 
when the government oversteps its boundaries, whether in total or in the different branches, and they overstep the boundaries of the Constitution, it is not only our duty, but it is our re-sponsibility as Americans and as the people’s House in the United States of Congress to stand up and rein in gov-ernment and hold those other branches 
accountable. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleagues on the House floor to make sure that we are the ones that stand up and say: Enough is enough. We have had enough. 
Mr. KING of IOWA. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the fine gentleman from Florida for his presentation, his understanding of this, and his conviction on constitu-tional issue after constitutional issue, including reminding us this is a con-stitutional republic that we live in. 
I would like to now recognize the 
husband of Roxanne Babin, the gen-tleman from Texas whom I get to count as a good friend here in this Con-gress, who has stood up on principle time and again. 
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that we 
have 8 minutes left in our time. So we will try to judge it accordingly. 
I yield to the gentleman from Texas 
(Mr. B
ABIN). 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I really ap-
preciate the gentleman from Iowa and good friend. I appreciate recognizing my wife in the gallery as well. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding 
time, and I thank him for his leader-ship on this very important issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand here today deep-
ly and bitterly disappointed and sad-dened by the recent actions of five unelected U.S. Supreme Court justices and their decision to defy the will of the American people and disregard the rule of law. 
As a strong defender of traditional 
marriage and State sovereignty, I be-lieve it is absolutely wrong that five unelected members of the U.S. Su-preme Court overruled tens of millions of Americans, including many in my home State, the State of Texas, who voted to enact State statutes and State constitutional amendments to define marriage as between one man and one woman. 
Under this ruling, five members of 
the Supreme Court invalidated the votes of over 50 million Americans. That is deeply disturbing and alarm-ing. And the dissenting justices raised this very concern. 
Traditional marriage has been under 
assault as courts and some state legis-latures have sought to both redefine marriage as something other than be-tween a man and a woman. 
Most seriously, they are now taking 
action to penalize and discriminate against those who have religious and conscience convictions against the re-definition of marriage. 
Over 30 States and tens of millions of 
Americans acted through the legisla-tive and election process to keep mar-riage between one man and one woman within their respective States. 
Unfortunately, various courts took it 
upon themselves to sidestep the demo-cratic process and to silence those voices with their reprehensible activist decisions. 
By circumventing the votes of Amer-
ican citizens, the Supreme Court’s sweeping decision now sets the Govern-
ment on a collision course with reli-gious freedoms guaranteed in the First Amendment of the United States Con-stitution. 
Americans with religious conviction 
will now be forced into a position of great uncertainty. If their religious be-liefs conflict with same-sex marriage, they may lose their business license and they could be subjected to prosecu-tion or even litigation. 
Some are even calling for ending tax 
exemption status for any church or re-ligious organization that opposes same- sex marriage. This is alarming and it demands action. 
We have seen the attacks led by IRS 
bureaucrats like Lois Lerner on con-servative groups in the past, and we can expect the same under these dis-cussions. As elected leaders, we cannot and must not back down. 
We have an obligation to fight for the 
religious protection of our constitu-encies against such judicial activism and the consequences that will come from it. I have met with local pastors in Texas over the past few weeks, and they are very, very concerned about this ruling. 
Congress wants to take immediate 
action to restore each States’ ability to determine their own marriage laws and to protect individuals and institu-tions with deeply held religious convic-tions regarding traditional marriage to ensure that they do not face discrimi-nation because of these convictions. 
As an unwavering advocate for pro-
tecting the traditional marriage, I strongly support and have cosponsored a constitutional amendment to define marriage as between one man and one woman. 
We should also pass the First Amend-
ment Defense Act to protect churches, Christian schools and colleges and business owners from being coerced by the government to act against their re-ligious convictions in regards to ac-ceptance of same-sex marriage. 
In the 36th Congressional District of 
Texas, where I have spent my entire life, people are very distressed over the Supreme Court’s redefinition of mar-riage and its impact on their ability to freely practice their faith. They real-ize, as do I, that, under the Supreme Court’s decision, things are going to get worse as this collision course is set in motion. 
We will see more lawsuits spring up 
that challenge the faith of average American families who hold their be-liefs dearly, as well as their churches, schools, and charities. 
Under such uncertainty, I stand in 
strong solidarity with my constituents, our local and State leaders, and the like-minded colleagues that I have had the great privilege of listening to to-night and having your time yielded to me. I serve with you folks in Congress that we will never back down on this issue. 
I will work tirelessly on all fronts to 
defend traditional marriage and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.099 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5025 July 9, 2015 
protection of religious liberties grant-
ed under our U.S. Constitution. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Texas, and I appreciate very much his commitment to many causes, especially this cause. 
I recognize the gentleman from Cali-
fornia that has arrived, and I point out that we are down to 3 minutes. 
I yield to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. L
AMALFA ) to hear what he 
might have to say about this topic. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate my colleague from Iowa. Thank you for a little bit of time on this. 
It is indeed something I know a lot of 
people are grieving over with the Su-preme Court decision, first on the mo-rality issue. 
Those of us that believe in the Bible, 
that believe in God, feel that the Bible is pretty clear on this subject of homo-sexuality and the application of mar-riage. 
But even more so, beyond that, it is 
a choice. People can choose to follow that path of biblical values or they can choose not. They will make that deci-sion, and they will be held accountable for that decision one way or the other. 
So what I am looking at is that the 
court, in this ruling, has usurped the process of the American people in the legislative process and replaced it with the opinions of five court members. 
Where that ruling was on Friday, the 
following Monday, the court upheld that the people would draw their own lines in Arizona and, by extension, California. 
So the people’s voice is heard on dis-
trict lines as seen by the court, but the people’s voice is ignored when Cali-fornia passed two different initiatives to uphold marriage. 
So there is not even consistency on 
the court on what the Constitution is supposed to mean on the people’s voice, and that is very troublesome. 
It indicates to me that we are not far 
from a constitutional crisis with the way this court usurps the people’s voice and the legislative process. 
So I appreciate the time from the 
gentleman here tonight. Thank you for your leadership on this important issue. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, we 
have heard from a list of solid constitu-tionalists here this evening that are not only committed to their oath to support and defend the Constitution, but, also, each committed to their own marriage throughout these years that, if we added them up, it is well over a century of us together. Marilyn and I are 43 years. 
I am steeped in the Constitution and 
the rule of law. I have great respect for the Supreme Court of United States, but I have greater respect for the su-preme law of the land, which is the Constitution of the United States. 
If the law doesn’t mean what it says 
and if the Constitution can have divined within it certain rights that are imagined only by this court and not imagined by the people that rati-fied the very language that they are 
ruling upon, then what have we come to? 
I believe that this decision, this 
Obergefell v. Hodges decision on mar-riage, right behind the decision of King v. Burwell—that, if the court continues down this path, Mr. Speaker, they will render our Constitution an artifact of history and this country will not re-spect a court that doesn’t respect the language and the text of the Constitu-tion. 
b2030 
We are here to reject and criticize 
the decision of the Supreme Court that imposes same-sex marriage on all of America and requires each of the States to recognize with reciprocity those marriages. That is a decision this Congress couldn’t make for the Amer-ican people, and it is a decision that should be left up to the States. 
Mr. Speaker, I will submit that I am 
one who is prepared to support the sim-ple elimination of civil marriage be-cause this government has gotten into it so far that holy matrimony will not be protected from the further litigation in this Court unless we separate it from civil marriage itself. 
The next litigation that comes will 
be that that sues our priests and our pastors to command them to conduct same-sex marriages at their altars, and that is where the First Amendment freedom of religion comes into conflict with the distorted view of the 14th Amendment which is part of this Obergefell, and that, Mr. Speaker, will be a constitutional crisis. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
A MATTER OF HISTORY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
RUSSELL ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I heard 
earlier discussions from my friends— and I literally mean that, friends; I am not being sarcastic, they are friends— talking about the shootings. It sounds like they were certainly racist shoot-ings in South Carolina when an evil man shot brothers and sisters of mine as fellow Christians. 
Now there is this big race to go after 
the Confederate flag. So, Mr. Speaker, I saw this article by Daniel Greenfield and felt like this was worth noting, historically, information that Mr. G
REEN field has published this month. 
Just touching on parts of the article— I started to say ‘‘he,’’ but it says ‘‘Dan-iel.’’ Maybe it is a man, maybe it isn’t. I don’t want to be biased based on a name. 
But anyway, in his article he says, 
talking about President Obama: ‘‘When Obama condemned Christianity for the Crusades, only a thousand years too late, in attendance was the Foreign Minister of Sudan, a country that prac-tices slavery and genocide. President Obama could have taken time out from 
his rigorous denunciation of the Middle Ages to speak truth to the emissary of a Muslim Brotherhood regime whose leader is wanted by the International Criminal Court for crimes against hu-manity, but our moral liberals spend too much time romanticizing actual slaver cultures. 
‘‘It’s a lot easier for our President to 
get in his million-dollar Cadillac with 5-inch thick bulletproof windows, a ride Boss Hogg could only envy’’—Boss Hogg being a reference to the name of the show ‘‘Dukes of Hazzard’’—‘‘and chase down a couple of good ole boys than it is to condemn a culture that committed genocide in our own time, not in 1099, and that keeps slaves today, not in 1815. 
‘‘Even while the Duke boys’’—again, 
references to ‘‘Dukes of Hazzard’’— ‘‘the Duke boys were chased through Georgia, President Obama appeared at an Iftar dinner, an event at which Mus-lims emulate Mohammed, who had more slaves than Robert E. Lee. There are no slaves in Arlington House today, but in the heartlands of Islam, from Saudi mansions to ISIS dungeons, there are still slaves, laboring, beaten, bought, sold, raped, and disposed of in Mohammed’s name. 
‘‘Slavery does not exist under the 
Confederate flag eagerly being pulled down. It does exist under the black and green flags of Islam rising over mosques in Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and America today. 
‘‘In our incredibly tolerant culture, 
it has become politically incorrect to watch the General Lee’’—talking about a car—‘‘jump a fence or a barn, but paying tribute to the culture that sent the slaves here and that still practices slavery is the culturally sensitive thing to do. In 2015, slavery is no longer freedom, but it certainly is tolerance.’’ 
The article goes on: ‘‘Slavery was an 
indigenous African and Middle Eastern practice, not to mention an indigenous practice in America among indigenous cultures.’’ 
The author here is talking about, for 
those who don’t understand indigenous cultures, he is talking about Native Americans. There were Native Ameri-cans that had slaves, just like in Africa and Middle Eastern practices. 
The article goes on: ‘‘If justice de-
mands that we pull down the Confed-erate flag everywhere, even from the top of the orange car sailing through the air in the freeze frame of an old tel-evision show, then what possible jus-tification is there for all the faux Aztec knickknacks? Even the worst Southern plantation owners didn’t tear out the hearts of their slaves on top of pyra-mids.’’ 
This is a reference that obviously in 
history we understand Aztecs did pull out hearts of slaves that they sac-rificed on top of pyramids. 
Anyway, the article says: ‘‘The ro-
manticization of Aztec brutality plays a crucial role in the mythology of Mexican nationalist groups like La 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.100 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5026 July 9, 2015 
Raza promoting the Reconquista of 
America today.’’ 
I wasn’t aware of that, but the article 
says: ‘‘Black nationalists romanticize the slave-holding civilization of Egypt despite the fact that the narrative of the liberation of the Hebrew slaves from bondage played a crucial role in the end of slavery in America. The end-less stories about the ‘Amazons’ of the African kingdom of Dahomey neatly fit into the leftist myth of a peaceful ma-triarchal Africa disrupted by European colonialism, but Dahomey ran on slav-ery. 
‘‘The ‘Amazons’ helped capture 
slaves for the Atlantic slave trade. White and Black liberals are romanti-cizing the very culture that captured and sold their forefathers into slavery. ’In Dahomey,’ the first major main-stream Black musical was about Afri-can Americans moving to Dahomey. By then, the French had taken over old Dahomey and together with the British had put an end to the slave trade. 
‘‘The French dismantled the ‘Ama-
zons’ and freed many of Dahomey’s slaves only for the idiot descendants of both groups to romanticize the last noble stand of Dahomey fighting for the right to export Black slaves to Cuba and condemn the European lib-erators who put a stop to that atrocity. 
‘‘If we crack down on romanticizing 
Dixie, how can we possibly justify ro-manticizing Dahomey or the Aztecs or Mohammed? 
‘‘If slavery and racism are wrong,’’ 
which clearly they are, the article says. ‘‘If slavery and racism are wrong, then they are wrong across the board... Dahomey and Mohammed 
had bought, sold, and killed enough Black lives to be frowned upon. 
‘‘If we go back far enough in time, 
most cultures kept slaves. The Romans and Greeks certainly did. That’s why the meaningful standard is not whether a culture ever had slaves, but whether it has slaves today. If we are going to eradicate the symbols of every culture that ever traded in slaves, there will be few cultural symbols that will escape unscathed. But the academics who in-sist on cultural relativism in 19th cen-tury Africa reject it in 19th century South Carolina, thereby revealing their own racism. 
‘‘And so instead of fighting actual 
modern-day slavery in Africa and the Middle East, social justice warriors are swarming to invade Hazzard County. 
‘‘Most of the cultures of the past that 
we admire, respect, and even roman-ticize had slaves, but when we look back at their achievements and even try to forge some connection to them, it does not have to mean an endorse-ment of their worst habits. This is a concept that liberals understood but that leftists reject. 
‘‘The recent hysteria reminds us that 
the nuanced reason of the former has been replaced by the irrational, de-structive impulses of the latter. The left is so obsessed with creating uto-pias of the future that, like the Taliban or ISIS, it destroys the relics of past 
societies that do not measure up to its impossible standards. And then it re-places them with imaginary utopias of the past that never existed. 
‘‘As Ben Carson pointed out, we will 
not get rid of racism by banning the Confederate flag. Even when it is used at its worst by the likes of Dylann Storm Roof, it is a symptom, not the problem. Roof was not radicalized by the dead Confederacy, but by the racial tensions kicked off’’—I am not sure I want to say that. 
But, anyway, interesting take, but 
all of this talk about eliminating any references or uses of things that re-mind us of the horrors, the abomina-tion that slavery was in the United States should be eliminated. That is what we are hearing. 
And so, Mr. Speaker, in thinking 
about that—and the suggestion was made by my friend, another judge from Texas, Judge C
ARTER , so I had to go 
look it up. I think there is an entity that was so evil in supporting slavery, in fighting against civil rights, in fighting against the Christian brother that Martin Luther King, Jr., was, fighting against those who wanted equality that the Constitution guaran-teed, we ought to look at those sym-bols, and we ought to look at what they stood for and perhaps ban any po-litical organization from participating in Congress for upholding the abomina-tion that slavery was to this country. 
So I was able to get a copy of this 
platform, this political platform from 1856. This is the number one plank in the platform of this hideous political organization, and this is what they be-lieved and they asserted. 
b2045 
I am reading from the number one 
plank in their party platform: ‘‘That Congress has no power under the Con-stitution, to interfere with or control the domestic institutions of the several States, and that such States are the sole and proper judges of everything appertaining to their own affairs, not prohibited by the Constitution’’—then, here it goes—‘‘that all efforts of the 
abolitionists, or others, made to induce Congress to interfere with questions of slavery, or to take incipient steps in relation thereto, are calculated to lead to the most alarming and dangerous consequences; and that all such efforts have an inevitable tendency to dimin-ish the happiness of the people and en-danger the stability and permanency of the Union, and ought not to be coun-tenanced by any friend of our political institutions.’’ 
That was the official number one 
plank in this hideous political organi-zation’s platform from 1856. 
They go on. Here is number three: 
‘‘That by the uniform application of this Democratic principle to the orga-nization of territories, and to the ad-mission of new States, with or without domestic slavery, as they may elect— the equal rights, of all the States will be preserved intact.’’ They are saying they want to pre-
serve slavery in any State that wants to have it. 
They finish up by saying: ‘‘Resolved, 
That we recognize the right of the peo-ple of all the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting through the legally and fairly expressed will of a majority of actual residents, and whenever the number of their inhab-itants justifies it, to form a constitu-tion, with or without domestic slav-ery.’’ 
It sounds like something the Ku Klux 
Klan would have done. They are de-manding that they have the right to have slavery, the worst abomination in the history of America, that even Thomas Jefferson put in his original draft of the Declaration of Independ-ence that it was a horrible grievance against the King of England for allow-ing slavery, this horrible abomination, from ever starting in America. 
Well, they didn’t learn their lesson. 
This hideous political organization’s platform in 1860 said they were adopt-ing all the things that they had said in 1856 about the right to keep this hei-nous, offensive slavery intact. 
They include this, though, addition-
ally in their platform of 1860: ‘‘Re-solved, That the enactment of the State Legislatures to defeat the faith-ful execution of the Fugitive Slave Law, are hostile in character, subver-sive of the Constitution, and revolu-tionary in their effect.’’ 
They want to make it clear that not 
only were they avid supporters of slav-ery in America, but that it was their right to own people in America. This disgusting political organization also found the fugitive slave law to be, as they say, hostile in character, subver-sive of the Constitution. 
Again, this sounds like something 
from the Ku Klux Klan. Will we want the Ku Klux Klan participating here on the floor when this is their history? It is the worst abomination. 
The horrors of slavery finally were 
overcome, largely by abolitionist churches and pastors, people who be-lieved that it had to stop, that people couldn’t be treating brothers and sis-ters in such a way. 
It took the life work and even laying 
down of the life of Martin Luther King, 
Jr., to push us to the level where broth-ers and sisters, as he was in Christ, could treat brothers and sisters as equal people. That is where we should have been all along. It is where he was pushing us to be against the hideous type things from 1856 and 1860. 
If we are going to eliminate every-
thing that reminds us of a hideous past that supported slavery and the oppres-sion, the horrors that slavery en-tailed—breaking up of families, moles-tations, the beatings, just the horrors— John Quincy Adams was right. God could not continue to bless America while we were treating brothers and sisters by putting them in chains and bondage. 
He was right. So many abolitionists 
were right. Daniel Webster was right. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.102 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5027 July 9, 2015 
Republicans that stood up to these hid-
eous political organizations were right. There should be no place for slavery in America. 
If we are going to have a complete 
cleansing of this country of anything, any symbol, then this platform from the Democratic Party in 1856 and 1860— and it wasn’t the Ku Klux Klan; it sounded like it, and there were a lot of Democrats who were members of the Ku Klux Klan. I don’t know that you can find Republicans that were mem-bers of the Ku Klux Klan, but there were certainly plenty of Democrats that were. 
I think it is time not for the Wash-
ington Redskins to change their name, but for the Democratic Party to change its name because all you have to do is go online and look up the his-tory of the Democratic Party. It is one of oppressing African Americans. It is one of supporting slavery and the hor-rors that occurred in the United States, even up through the 20th cen-tury on into the 1860s. 
I think we had a Democratic Senator 
who was a member of the Ku Klux Klan. I think he has got a lot of things named after him. I hope that my friends who will ultimately want to change the name of the Democratic Party because of its horrible history will also want to change the names of things that were named after somebody that was a big supporter of the Ku Klux Klan. 
The fact is the families of the vic-
tims in Charleston, South Carolina— brothers and sisters in Christ, for those of us who are Christians—wow, did they send a powerful message. I didn’t see or hear them demanding the Con-federate flag be taken down. I heard them forgive the one—the evil, horrible person—that committed such a vile act on people at a prayer meeting, of all things. 
They showed the kind of love Jesus 
showed, the kind of love that was em-bodied by Father Damien, whose statue is right down at the southern entrance of this building beneath us right now. The plaque on his statue—God forgive anybody who would ever want to change this, because it is so powerful— are the words of Jesus in John 15:13: ‘‘Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ 
Jesus did that; Father Damien did 
that; Martin Luther King, Jr., did that—many have so that we could have the freedoms we have today, many of our American military forces have, not just for your freedom, but freedom around the world. 
Let’s recognize the good with which 
we have been blessed. Let’s stop the name calling, the race baiting, the di-vision politics. Let’s fuss and disagree over issues, but let’s quit trying to tear this country apart because of things of the past in which not one person in this room would have taken part in. 
Let’s work together. Fuss, disagree, 
push for what we believe is best for the country, but let’s stop the race baiting 
because, if we are really going to go there, we have got to end the Demo-cratic Party. Its history is so inter-woven with starting, keeping, trying to push slavery on beyond anything that it should have been through. 
We don’t need to end the Democratic 
Party. We just need to work together in the present. That doesn’t mean we can’t disagree. We do all the time. Let’s stop the race baiting. Let’s look at the example of the victims’ families in Charleston, South Carolina, and say: Wow, there are incredible believers and followers of Jesus Christ. That is some-body we can emulate. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. P AYNE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of attend-
ing a funeral in district. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 728. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’. 
H.R. 891. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Build-ing’’. 
H.R. 1326. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Fer-guson Post Office’’. 
H.R. 1350. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Build-ing’’. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on July 9, 2015, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 91. To amend title 38, United States 
Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to issue, upon request, veteran identi-fication cards to certain veterans. 
H.R. 891. To designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 1326. To designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’. 
H.R. 1350. To designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’. H.R. 728. To designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 56 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, July 10, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2103. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s Report to Congress entitled ‘‘Cor-rosion Policy and Oversight Budget Mate-rials for FY 2016’’, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2228; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2104. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Final Flood Elevation Determinations (Tioga County, PA, et al.); [Docket ID: FEMA-2015-0001] received July 8, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2105. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Clean Air Act Title V Oper-ating Permit Program Revision; Pennsyl-vania [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0119; FRL-9930-30- Region 3] received July 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2106. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Penn-sylvania; Determination of Attainment of the 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Standard for the Liberty-Clairton Nonattainment Area [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0175; FRL-9930-23- Region 3] received July 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2107. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Kan-sas; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0104; FRL- 9926-48-Region 7] received July 8, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2108. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Revisions to the Cali-fornia State Implementation Plan, South Coast Air Quality Management District [EPA-R09-OAR-2015-0345; FRL-9929-58-Region 9] received July 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2109. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revisions to the California 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JY7.103 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5028 July 9, 2015 
SIP, Ventura & Eastern Kern Air Pollution 
Control Districts; Permit Exemptions [EPA- R09-OAR-2015-0082; FRL-9929-64-Region 9] re-ceived July 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2110. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revisions to the California State Implementation Plan, South Coast Air Quality Management District [EPA-R09- OAR-2014-0841; FRL-9929-60-Region 9] re-ceived July 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2111. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mary-land; Preconstruction Requirements — Non-attainment New Source Review [EPA-R03- OAR-2014-0833; FRL-9930-31-Region 3] re-ceived July 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2112. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Penn-sylvania; Redesignation Request and Associ-ated Maintenance Plan for the Johnstown Nonattainment Area for the 1997 Annual and 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Stand-ard [EPA-R03-OAR-2014-0902; FRL-9930-24-Re-gion 3] received July 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2113. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Findings of Failure to Sub-mit a Section 110 State Implementation Plan for Interstate Transport for the 2008 National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone [EPA-HQ-OAR-2012-0943; FRL-9930-25-OAR] received July 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2114. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Low Emissions Vehicle Program Revisions [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0214; FRL-9930-35-Region 3] received July 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2115. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final amendments — National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for the Portland Cement Manufacturing Indus-try and Standards of Performance for Port-land Cement Plants [EPA-HQ-OAR-2011-0817; FRL-9927-62-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AQ93) received July 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2116. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Revisions to the Particulate Matter Less than 2.5 Micrometers (PM2.5) Preven-tion of Significant Deterioration (PSD) Per-mitting Program State Implementation Plan (SIP) [EPA-R06-OAR-2014-0626; FRL-9930-27- 
Region 6] received July 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2117. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Partial Approval and Par-tial Disapproval of Air Quality State Imple-mentation Plans; Arizona; Infrastructure Re-quirements for Lead and Ozone [EPA-R09- OAR-2015-0297; FRL-9930-28-Region 9] re-ceived July 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2118. A letter from the Executive Director, 
Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Insti-tute, transmitting the FY 2014 Annual Re-port of the Institute, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1320e; Public Law 111-148, Sec. 1181(d)(10); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2119. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a list of international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to Congress within sixty days, in accordance with the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2120. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report by the Department on progress toward a negotiated solution of the Cyprus question covering the period of Feb-ruary 1, 2015 through March 31, 2015, pursu-ant to Sec. 620C(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, and in accordance with Sec. 1(a)(6) of Executive Order 13313; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2121. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting pursuant to Sec. 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and Sec. 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with re-spect to Lebanon that was declared in Execu-tive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2122. A letter from the Secretary, Amer-
ican Battle Monuments Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s annual report pre-pared in accordance with Sec. 203 of the No-tification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. No. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2123. A letter from the Executive Analyst, 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Fed-eral Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2124. A letter from the Chairman and Presi-
dent, Export-Import Bank, transmitting a copy of the semi-annual report to Congress from the Office of Inspector General of the Export-Import Bank of the United States for the period ending March 31, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
2125. A letter from the Senior Vice Presi-
dent and Chief Financial Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco, trans-mitting the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco’s 2014 management report and fi-nancial statements, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2126. A letter from the Executive Director, 
United States Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s 2013 annual report to the President and Con-gress, pursuant to Sec. 27(j) of the Consumer Product Safety Act and Sec. 209 of the Con-
sumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2127. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 120328229-4949-02] (RIN: 0648-XD973) received July 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2128. A letter from the President, National 
Council on Radiation Protection and Meas-urements, transmitting the Council’s 2014 annual report of an independent auditor, pursuant to 36 U.S.C. 10101(b)(1) and 150909; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2129. A letter from the Deputy General 
Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Microloan Program Expanded Eligibility and Other Program Changes [Docket No.: SBA-2013-0002] (RIN: 3245-AG53) received July 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Small Business. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CRENSHAW: Committee on Appropria-
tions. H.R. 2995. A bill making appropria-tions for financial services and general gov-ernment for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–194). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. DOLD: 
H.R. 2990. A bill to provide for the conduct 
of demonstration projects to test the effec-tiveness of subsidized employment for TANF recipients; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mr. 
T
IBERI , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. 
KILMER ): 
H.R. 2991. A bill to encourage States to en-
gage more TANF recipients in activities leading to employment and self-sufficiency, and to simplify State administration of TANF work requirements; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-
self and Ms. H
AHN): 
H.R. 2992. A bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal, collectively, to the U.S. Mer-chant Marine of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. MATSUI: 
H.R. 2993. A bill to amend the Reclamation 
Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Fa-cilities Act to authorize funding for water recycling projects in areas experiencing se-vere, extreme, or exceptional drought, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09JY7.000 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5029 July 9, 2015 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for 
himself, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. E STY, Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. H IMES, Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
ELLISON , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. L EE, and Mrs. 
CAPPS ): 
H.R. 2994. A bill to protect individuals by 
strengthening the Nation’s mental health in-frastructure, improving the understanding of violence, strengthening firearm prohibitions and protections for at-risk individuals, and improving and expanding the reporting of mental health records to the National In-stant Criminal Background Check System; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. HARDY: 
H.R. 2996. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act to establish wildfire on Federal lands as a major disaster; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Mr. 
C
LEAVER , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. 
DELANEY ): 
H.R. 2997. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a demonstration program to enter into budget-neutral, performance-based contracts for energy and water conservation improve-ments for multifamily residential units; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. FINCHER (for himself, Mr. 
S
TIVERS , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
ROYCE , and Mrs. B LACKBURN ): 
H.R. 2998. A bill to reform uniformity and 
reciprocity among States that license insur-ance claims adjusters and to facilitate prompt and efficient adjusting of insurance claims, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 2999. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to suspend and remove employees of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
C
UMMINGS , and Mr. H ANNA ): 
H.R. 3000. A bill to require the Adminis-
trator for General Services to obtain an antivirus product to make available to Fed-eral agencies in order to provide the product to individuals whose personally identifiable information may have been compromised; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. WELCH (for himself, Mr. G
IB-
SON, and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT ): 
H.R. 3001. A bill to authorizing certain 
long-term contracts for Federal purchases of energy; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 3002. A bill to prohibit the receipt of 
Federal financial assistance by sanctuary cities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently 
determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mrs. 
K
IRKPATRICK , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): 
H.R. 3003. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow the work oppor-tunity credit for hiring individuals who are veterans or members of the Ready Reserve or National Guard, to make permanent the work opportunity credit, and to expand and make permanent the employer wage credit for employees who are active duty members of the uniformed services; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CLYBURN: 
H.R. 3004. A bill to amend the Gullah/ 
Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cul-tural Heritage Corridor Commission; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
(for himself and Mr. C
ARSON of Indi-
ana): 
H.R. 3005. A bill to amend title IV of the 
Social Security Act to ensure funding for grants to promote responsible fatherhood and strengthen low-income families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Energy and Commerce, and Agri-culture, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. FLEMING: 
H.R. 3006. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to improve health savings accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself, Ms. 
L
EE, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. W ALZ, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
SERRANO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. 
CLAY): 
H.R. 3007. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to prohibit the display of the Confederate battle flag in national ceme-teries; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself and Mr. 
C
OLE): 
H.R. 3008. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Education to award grants to promote civic learning and engagement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. 
S
ALMON , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
BUCK, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. B ENISHEK , 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. G OSAR , 
Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. W EBER of Texas): 
H.R. 3009. A bill to amend section 241(i) of 
the Immigration and Nationality Act to deny assistance under such section to a State or political subdivision of a State that prohibits its officials from taking certain ac-tions with respect to immigration; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 3010. A bill to prohibit assistance pro-
vided under the program of block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families from being accessed through the use of an electronic benefit transfer card at any store that offers marijuana for sale; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. S
ES-
SIONS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
CLAWSON of Florida, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. R OSS, Mr. 
CALVERT , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor-
gia, Mr. B RAT, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. J ONES , and 
Mr. Y OHO): 
H.R. 3011. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to increase the penalties applicable to aliens who unlawfully reenter the United States after being removed; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. 
S
TUTZMAN , and Mr. G OSAR ): 
H.R. 3012. A bill to authorize the use of un-
approved medical products by patients diag-nosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-
self, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia, and Mr. R EED): 
H.R. 3013. A bill to protect private property 
rights; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. B ARTON , 
Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R OO-
NEY of Florida, Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. W IL-
SONof South Carolina, Mr. R EICHERT , 
Mr. F INCHER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
BUCSHON , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, 
Mr. H OLDING , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. 
ROTHFUS ): 
H.R. 3014. A bill to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act to authorize physicians, pur-suant to an agreement with the Attorney General, to transport controlled substances from a practice setting to another practice setting or to a disaster area; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself, Mr. 
G
UTHRIE , Mr. B ARR, Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. R OGERS  
of Kentucky): 
H.R. 3015. A bill to require the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to primarily consider, and to sepa-rately report, the domestic benefits of any rule that addresses emissions of carbon diox-ide from any existing source, new source, modified source, or reconstructed source that is an electric utility generating unit, in any such rule, and in the regulatory impact analysis for such rule, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENISHEK , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. R UIZ, and Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California): 
H.R. 3016. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H.R. 3017. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make the maximum cap-
ital gains rate for individuals 15 percent; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09JY7.100 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5030 July 9, 2015 
ENGEL , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. 
GRANGER , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. R OS-
KAM): 
H. Res. 354. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the safety and security of Jewish com-munities in Europe; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. PELOSI: 
H. Res. 355. A resolution raising a question 
of the privileges of the House; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and 
Mr. J
OYCE ): 
H. Res. 356. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of May 30 as ‘‘National Bartter Syndrome Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
71. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the Senate of the State of Illinois, relative to Senate Resolution No. 618, urging Con-gress to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965 without delay and with adequate funding to reflect the growing populations of Americans who benefit from the Act’s pro-grams and services; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
72. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Louisiana, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 94, urging the Congress of the United States to eliminate the current ban on crude oil exports; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
73. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 207, urging the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to regulate airline baggage fees and processes for consumers as it relates to transportation of passenger luggage and passenger delays resulting from lost, dam-aged, or delayed luggage; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
74. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the 
State of Hawaii, relative to Senate Resolu-tion No. 44, urging Congress and the Presi-dent of the United States to support the pas-sage of legislation to expedite family reunifi-cation for certain Filipino veterans of World War II; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
75. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the State of Louisiana, rel-ative to House Resolution No. 102, urging the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to designate Grambling State University as an 1890 land-grant insti-tution; jointly to the Committees on Agri-culture and Education and the Workforce. 
76. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 87, urging the Congress to take such actions as are nec-essary to amend the employer shared respon-sibility provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to eliminate pen-alties on school districts; jointly to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule Xll of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. DOLD: 
H.R. 2990. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States 
By Mr. RENACCI: 
H.R. 2991. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: 
H.R. 2992. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, to make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers. 
By Ms. MATSUI: 
H.R. 2993. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California: 
H.R. 2994. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
ARTICLE I, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . to 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof 
By Mr. CRENSHAW: 
H.R. 2995. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 
1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
By Mr. HARDY: 
H.R. 2996. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) and Article I, Section 10, Clause 3 (relating to interstate compacts). 
By Mr. ROSS: 
H.R. 2997. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Welfare Clause (Article 1, Section 8, Clause 
1); Commerce Clause (Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3) 
By Mr. FINCHER: 
H.R. 2998. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 2999. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority on which 
this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regula-tion of the land and naval forces, as enumer-ated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 3000. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution which states ‘‘Congress shall have the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion the foregoing powers, and all other pow-ers vested by this Constitution in the gov-ernment of the United States, or in any de-partment or officer thereof’’ 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 3001. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 3002. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mrs. BUSTOS: 
H.R. 3003. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. CLYBURN: 
H.R. 3004. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 3005. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the Constitution and its subse-
quent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
By Mr. FLEMING: 
H.R. 3006. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause I, 
Congress has the ability to lay and collect taxes and to provide for the general welfare of the United States, and Amendment XVI. 
By Mr. GALLEGO: 
H.R. 3007. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 3008. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
section 8 of article I of the Constitution 
By Mr. HUNTER: 
H.R. 3009. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 3010. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09JY7.100 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5031 July 9, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States).’’ 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 3011. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4—‘‘To estab-
lish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States’’ 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 3012. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—‘‘To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 3013. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I 
By Mr. SESSIONS: 
H.R. 3014. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes 
By Mrs. WAGNER: 
H.R. 3015. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. WENSTRUP: 
H.R. 3016. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H.R. 3017. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 167: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 169: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 213: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 223: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 224: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 225: Mr. F ARR, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and 
Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 226: Mr. V EASEY and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 303: Mr. S CHRADER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. K ILDEE , 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. 
COHEN . 
H.R. 307: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 343: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 379: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 427: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 452: Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 465: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 482: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 539: Mr. V EASEY and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 551: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. H ECKof Washington, and Mr. 
BLUMENAUER . 
H.R. 563: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Ms. K USTER , and 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 642: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 662: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 692: Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. H ULTGREN , 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 699: Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 702: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. R YANof 
Ohio, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. C OOK, Mr. 
KNIGHT , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. 
ROSS. 
H.R. 757: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 765: Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. C ULBERSON , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 789: Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 814: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 836: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. D OLD, Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida, Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. T HORNBERRY . 
H.R. 879: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 911: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 913: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 918: Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 953: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 957: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 969: Mr. L YNCH and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 980: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 985: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. R OGERS of Ken-
tucky, and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. 
H.R. 1000: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 1027: Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1062: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1130: Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 1150: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York. 
H.R. 1171: Mr. P ETERSON and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 1174: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 1185: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1192: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 1220: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B UCSHON , 
Mr. B EYER , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
KIND, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
ABRAHAM , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 1222: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 1270: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 1284: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. P ALLONE and Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 1299: Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 1301: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
PETERS on. 
H.R. 1312: Mrs. B USTOS and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 1323: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1356: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. 
JOLLY . 
H.R. 1369: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 1375: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1388: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. V ALADAO and Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. R OTHFUS , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
LARSEN of Washington, and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1434: Mr. P AYNE and Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER . H.R. 1453: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. V ALADAO and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 1490: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 1552: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1553: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1584: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 1603: Mrs. W AGNER , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
and Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. D ESANTIS , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. B LUM, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Mr. V EASEY , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, and 
Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. L ABRADOR , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. S ALMON , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mrs. W AG-
NER, and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1625: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 1677: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1714: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1726: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 1736: Mr. R OKITA , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 1748: Mr. D ENHAM , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 1752: Mr. F INCHER and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Indiana. 
H.R. 1784: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. K IND, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
VEASEY , and Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 1801: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 1817: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1836: Mr. G OWDY . 
H.R. 1854: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 1887: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 1953: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1988: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. W ALBERG , Mrs. L UMMIS , and 
Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 1995: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 2017: Mr. S HIMKUS . 
H.R. 2026: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Mr. A DER-
HOLT . 
H.R. 2043: Mr. G RIFFITH , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 2058: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. S HIMKUS , and 
Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 2061: Mr. C ONYERS and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 2096: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 2102: Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 2121: Mr. R OSSand Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 2140: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 2241: Mr. M EEKS and Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 2281: Mr. C HAFFETZ . 
H.R. 2287: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 2291: Ms. E STY, Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
PETERSON , and Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 2342: Mr. N OLAN and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 2380: Mr. C OHEN and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 2382: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. B OST, Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 2403: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi and 
Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 2404: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN . 
H.R. 2405: Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 2406: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 2410: Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 2434: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 2442: Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 2490: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 2493: Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. 
JOLLY . 
H.R. 2494: Mr. R USSELL and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2502: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 2540: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 2563: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2602: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2663: Mr. C OSTA and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2669: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. O LSON , 
and Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.046 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5032 July 9, 2015 
H.R. 2698: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 2713: Mr. F ARR, Ms. B ORDALLO , and 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 2716: Mr. J ONES , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
HARRIS , and Mr. P ALMER . 
H.R. 2726: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mrs. W AGNER , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and Mr. W EB-
STER of Florida. 
H.R. 2739: Mr. W ITTMAN and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 2742: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 2752: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 2767: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 2775: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 2800: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mrs. B LACK -
BURN . 
H.R. 2802: Mr. B ARR, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
CONAWAY , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and 
Mr. H ARDY . H.R. 2849: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 2858: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 2887: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. 
TORRES , and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2896: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 2898: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 2901: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
BOST, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. G UINTA , Mr. V ARGAS , 
and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2910: Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 2920: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H.R. 2937: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. H UDSON , and 
Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 2939: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 2940: Mr. D ENHAM and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 2942: Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
CLAWSON of Florida, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. G IBBS, 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. B LUM, and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 2944: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 2972: Ms. H AHN, Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. 
LEWIS. 
H.R. 2976: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2980: Mr. C ARNEY and Mr. D OLD. 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. S ERRANO and Ms. C LARKE  
of New York. 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. R OSKAM , 
and Mr. M EEKS . 
H. Res. 56: Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H. Res. 207: Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. 
ZELDIN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Miss R ICEof New 
York. 
H. Res. 294: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H. Res. 324: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H. Res. 348: Mr. L EVIN and Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY7.028 H09JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4901 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 2015 No. 106 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable M ITCH 
MCCONNELL , a Senator from the Com-
monwealth of Kentucky. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, keep us from being a 
nation that forgets You. Remind us that righteousness exalts any nation, but that sin deprives, degrades, and de-stroys, providing reproach to any peo-ple. 
Arise, O God. Lift Your hands and 
lead our lawmakers to accomplish Your purposes. Use them to break the stranglehold of wickedness, providing deliverance for captives and freedom for the oppressed. In You, O God, we find refuge. May we not be brought to shame, for You can make even our en-emies be at peace with us. Continue to guide us, strong Deliverer, for we are pilgrims in this land. We are weak, but You are mighty. Guide us with Your powerful hands. 
Lord, we praise You for the courage 
of the South Carolina Legislature. 
We pray in Your sovereign Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
The legislative clerk read the fol-
lowing letter: U.S. S ENATE , 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , 
Washington, DC, July 9, 2015. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ITCH MCCONNELL , a 
Senator from the Commonwealth of Ken-tucky, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. M CCONNELL thereupon assumed 
the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
ALEXANDER ). The majority leader is 
recognized. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, No 
Child Left Behind laid the groundwork for important reforms to our education system. But with its authorization ex-piring in 2007, and with the previous Senate majority failing to replace it with a serious proposal, many of the original requirements stayed in place anyway and gradually became unwork-able. 
This resulted in a lot of States get-
ting tangled up in endless bureaucracy, reducing their ability to focus on boosting achievement and school per-formance. That was certainly true in the Commonwealth I represent. Ken-tucky was actually the first State to petition for some freedom from the law’s requirements, and with that addi-tional flexibility came better results. 
Kentucky improved its graduation 
rate, climbing into the top 10 among all States. Kentucky increased the 
number of students who met statewide standards. Kentucky raised the per-centage of students entering postsec-ondary education programs, increasing that number from about half to more than 68 percent in just a few years’ time. So this additional flexibility has 
been good for Kentucky but only to a point, because the White House began to tack on more and more require-ments as a condition of continued re-lief from the original law’s mandates, leaving many States in an untenable situation. This is how the White House was able to impose Common Core in many places that didn’t necessarily want it. In a sense, the flexibility one 
hand gave, the other has continually taken away. 
It is clear that temporary relief, 
strapped with other Federal mandates, is not a workable choice for States. This is why we need congressional ac-tion to replace the broken husks that remain of No Child Left Behind with reforms that build on the good ideas in the original law while doing away with the bad ones. 
That is what the bipartisan Every 
Child Achieves Act before us would, in fact, achieve. It would grow the kind of flexibility we have seen work so well in States such as Kentucky, and it would stop Federal bureaucrats from impos-ing the kind of top-down, one-size-fits- all requirements that we all know threaten that progress. 
Kentucky has already seen success 
with the limited and conditional flexi-bility granted to it so far. So just imagine what States such as Kentucky could achieve when fully empowered to do what is right for their students. This is how Kentucky education com-missioner Terry Holliday put it in a letter he sent in support of this bill: 
I can attest based on our experience that 
the waiver process is onerous and allows too many opportunities for federal intrusion into state responsibility for education. The long- term health of public education in the United States requires reauthorization and an end to the use of the waiver as a patch on an otherwise impractical system of require-ments. 
He is, of course, just right, and we 
have never been closer to achieving the kind of outcome our kids deserve. Many thought Washington could never 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.000 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4902 July 9, 2015 
solve this issue, but the bill before us 
was supported unanimously by Repub-licans and Democrats in committee. Members of both parties are having a chance now to offer and vote on amend-ments to the bill too. We had several amendment votes yesterday. I expect more today. If our colleagues from ei-ther side of the aisle have more ideas to offer, I would ask them to work with Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M UR-
RAYto get them moving. 
This is what a Senate that is back to 
work looks like. With continued bipar-tisan cooperation, this is a Senate that can prove the pundits wrong again by passing another important measure to help our country and our kids. 
Remember, the House of Representa-
tives already passed its own No Child Left Behind replacement just last night, as it has done repeatedly in years past. Now is the time for the Senate to finally get its act together after 7 years of missed deadlines on this issue. A new Senate majority be-lieves that the time for action and bi-partisan reform should be now, and with continued cooperation from our friends across the aisle, it will be. 
f 
BURMA 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
an entirely different matter, a few weeks ago I came to the floor to dis-cuss the importance of Burma’s elec-tion this fall. I noted that its conduct would tell us a lot about the Burmese Government’s commitment to the path of political reform. I said that dem-onstrating that commitment would be critical to reassuring Burma’s friends abroad and that it could even have con-sequences for further normalization of relations with the United States, at least as it concerns the legislative branch. 
So I urged Burmese officials to take 
every step to ensure an election that would be as free and fair as possible. Yet on June 25, the Burmese Govern-ment took a step backward from the path to more representative govern-ment. 
Let me explain. There is little doubt 
that Burma’s Constitution contains numerous flaws that need to be revised if the government is to be truly rep-resentative. 
First, it unreasonably restricts who 
can be a candidate for President—a not so subtle attempt to bar the country’s most popular opposition figure from ever standing for that office. But then it goes even further, ensuring an effec-tive military veto over constitutional change—for instance, amendments about who can run for the Presidency— by requiring more than three-fourths parliamentary support in a legislature where the Constitution also reserves one-fourth of the seats for the mili-tary. 
Let me say that again. The Constitu-
tion reserves one-fourth of the seats for the military and requires a three- fourths vote to amend the Constitu-tion—completely jerry-rigged. It is ob-
vious to see why things should change if Burma is to pursue a path of a more representative government. 
Allowing appropriate constitutional 
fixes to pass through the Parliament would have said some very positive things about the Burmese Govern-ment’s commitment to political re-form. But when the measures were put to a vote on June 25, the government’s allies exercised the very undemocratic power the Constitution grants them to stymie the reform. 
This stands in stark contrast to the 
support for reform among elected Bur-mese lawmakers, which is likely higher than 80 percent. So among the people elected by the people, 80 percent favor the reform, and the 25 percent inserted into the process by the military guar-anteed that no reform occurred. So even if the actual conduct of the elec-tion proves to be free and fair, it risks being something other than, certainly, the will of the people. 
When the most popular figure in the 
country is precluded from being a can-didate for the highest office in the land, and when approximately 80 per-cent of the people’s chosen representa-tives are stymied by lawmakers who are not democratically elected, it raises fundamental questions about the balloting that is coming up this fall and about the Burmese Government’s commitment to democracy. In fact, at this point it is unclear if the opposition NLD Party will even participate in this fall’s election. 
We knew that legal, economic, polit-
ical, and constitutional development and reform would evolve in that coun-try through fits and starts. This is only realistic, given the baseline from which Burma was starting when Congress agreed to lift some of the sanctions. 
Those of us who have followed Burma 
for a long time also know that, given its history, the military fears change, ethnic unrest, and the uncertainty that a more democratic government might bring. That is well acknowledged, but improving relations with the United States meant both sides would have to take some risks. This was a moment for the military to take another impor-tant step on its end, and it was a missed opportunity. 
In light of the recent defeat of con-
stitutional reform, I believe that steps such as including Burma in the Gener-alized System of Preferences Program should be put on hold until after this fall’s election. Only after the ballots have been cast and counted in Burma can an appropriate evaluation be made about the pace of reform in the country and whether additional normalization of relations is warranted. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HELLER ). The Democratic leader is rec-
ognized. REPUBLICAN FILIBUSTERS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, first, I wish 
to take just a moment to praise the good work being done by the chairman and the ranking member of the HELP Committee. The senior Senator from Tennessee and the senior Senator from Washington have done a remarkably good job to bring this reauthorization to the floor. 
Elementary and secondary education 
is so important, and we are not living up to the standards that we should have. It is important to remember that all of this could have been done a long time ago. 
On the floor I mentioned yesterday 
that Senator Harkin—who I said was a legendary Senator who served here for six terms, plus a number of terms in the House of Representatives—for quite some time was chairman of the HELP Committee, and when he wasn’t chair-man, he served under the guidance and leadership of Senator Kennedy. 
Yesterday I said that the Republican 
leader came to the floor and was boast-ing: Oh, we are getting this bill done. It is so great that things are working so well in the Senate. 
I mentioned at that time—yester-
day—that Senator Harkin tried to bring the bill to the floor. He sent me an email last night, and he said that he on two separate occasions—2011 and 2013—got a bill out of the committee. But what happened? It was blocked coming to the floor by the Repub-licans—the same group of people who are now boasting that things are work-ing so well here. 
Well, Mr. President, I think it is a 
shame that people come here to the floor and boast about the fact they have spent the last few Congresses try-ing to ruin Congress and the country. And they have done a pretty good job of it. 
We are happy to be on this bill. And 
there is no motion to proceed, such as I had to do on virtually every bill we brought to the floor. But let’s under-stand that historically. My friend the Republican leader is living in a dream world. In fact, it is fast becoming a theme of this 114th Congress—bringing up legislation that Republicans have blocked in the past. Senator S
TABENOW  
from Michigan calls it the filibuster makeup. 
Look at the accomplishments about 
which my friend the Republican leader brags that he has gotten done this year: 
Terrorism risk insurance. We would 
have done that at any time during the last Congress—at any time—and he knows it. 
The Clay Hunt suicide prevention 
bill. That was a bill which was so easy to get done. It was blocked. The Repub-licans wouldn’t let us move forward on it. 
Appropriations for the Department of 
Homeland Security. We were prevented from doing that. 
The human trafficking bill. We spent 
a lot of time on it in this Congress. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.001 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4903 July 9, 2015 
would have done that last Congress 
easily. We were prevented from doing so. 
The repeal of Medicare’s sustainable 
growth rate. We call it SGR. We would have done that at any time, Mr. Presi-dent. There are no great shakes here. How did we get it done? It wasn’t paid for. Why? Because it was a budget gim-mick in the first place, during the Bush years. 
So to hear my friend the Republican 
leader coming and boasting about all this stuff getting done, we could have done—most of it could have been done two Congresses ago. Certainly in the last Congress we should have gotten it done. 
The extension of the Foreign Intel-
ligence Surveillance Act—the PA-TRIOT Act. We knew it had to be done. We tried to get it done last Congress but couldn’t get it done. We were pre-vented from doing so. 
Now it is the same with the elemen-
tary and secondary education bill. I am glad we are on this and glad to com-plete this other stuff, but let’s not try to rewrite history, Mr. President. These things could have been done eas-ily had they not been filibustered here on the Senate floor. Any one of these bills would have easily passed in the last Congress, but every one of them was blocked by Republicans. 
f 
MANUFACTURED CRISES 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, we hear the 
phrase ‘‘manufactured crisis’’ used a lot here lately. Why? The Republican leader gives people plenty of reason to use the term. He has singlehandedly turned the entire appropriations proc-ess into a charade designed to manu-facture yet another crisis. 
Look no further than what Repub-
licans are doing in the interior, envi-ronment appropriations bill. The Re-publican leader bragged yesterday— today is Thursday, so on Wednesday— that he and his colleagues have ‘‘lined the interior appropriations bill with every rider you can think of to push back against them.’’ 
They have filled that legislation with 
so-called riders. What is a rider? It is an extraneous provision that has noth-ing to do with the purpose of the bill— in this instance, a funding bill. So they have filled that legislation, the inte-rior appropriations bill, and other bills that have nothing to do with funding the government with things that are harmful to our country. 
For example, in the appropriations 
bill dealing with the interior, Repub-licans have included language to per-manently dismantle efforts to address climate change by blocking Federal en-forcement of a nationwide policy to re-duce carbon pollution from existing powerplants. 
Climate change is very hurtful to our 
economy and hurtful to our country. 
I was at an event at the White House 
two nights ago. The President said that if we don’t do something about climate change by the year 2100, the seas will 
have increased by 16 feet. The State of Florida will basically be half under-water. 
Prior to 2100, it is already getting 
bad. Talk to the two Senators from Virginia. Areas that are military in-stallations are now covered with water most of the time. Talk to my friend the senior Senator from Florida, and he will tell you what is happening in Flor-ida now. Talk to the Governor of New York, and he will tell you what hap-pened with Sandy, the hurricane. It is going to happen again because we are doing nothing to prevent climate change from devastating our country. The Presiding Officer is from the State of Nevada, as am I. He knows that bears—not all bears but many bears are not even hibernating in the Sierras anymore because it is not cold enough. Talk to one of the Senators from New Hampshire. The moose are being dev-astated. Why? Because the cold weath-er is not killing the gnats, the fleas on the moose, and they are dying. About a third of them are dead. 
So climate change is not serious? It 
is a serious issue. Of course it is. 
Republicans have riders in this bill 
dealing with clean water. They have stuck in language to permanently block implementation of protections for streams and wetlands that have the greatest impact on our Nation’s water quality. 
Ozone pollution is another rider they 
slipped in there. They slipped in lan-guage to delay efforts to protect people from lung diseases and asthma, among other things. 
Hazardous waste cleanup—now, this 
is unique. They stuck language in this bill affecting Superfund sites. This has been a great program. It has been a great program because people who dev-astate and pollute the land are asked to pay to clean it up. Republicans have stuck language in here to have the tax-payers clean this up and pay for it. That is stunning to me. 
This is a perfect example of Repub-
licans manufacturing a crisis. They have loaded up a necessary funding measure with dangerous provisions that have doomed these bills. Then when Democrats oppose it, the Repub-lican leader will feign outrage and blame Democrats for its failure, hoping to score some type of political victory. 
Republicans know an appropriations 
bill full of riders that roll back envi-ronmental protections will be stopped by us and vetoed by the President. This scripted performance is the definition of a manufactured crisis. And the Re-publican leader said as much last year in an interview with the Hill newspaper Politico. Here is what he said: 
Obama needs to be challenged, and the best 
way to do that is through the funding proc-ess. He would have to make a decision on a given bill, whether there’s more in it that he likes than dislikes. A good example is adding restrictions to regulations from the Environ-mental Protection Agency. Adding riders to spending bills would change the behavior of the bureaucracy. He promised that last year, and he is 
a man of his word. He is ruining every one of these appropriations bills with these riders, in spite of more asthma, more heart disease, more cancer. 
Instead of passing appropriations 
bills that keep our government open and funded, the Republican leader is more interested in making Democrats and Republicans not work together and having the President and Democrats very uncomfortable. Sadly, this is how Republicans are governing. This is how they pretend to lead our country. It is embarrassing. I believe it is. Look at the poll numbers to see what is hap-pening. The Republican leader’s num-bers are the lowest they have ever been recorded. 
It doesn’t have to be this way. With 
the help of a handful of reasonable Re-publicans, we can sidestep this sham and pass meaningful legislation that averts another government shutdown. The first one was promoted and engi-neered by the Republicans. 
I said yesterday and I repeat, Mr. 
President, to show how shameful that was, two-thirds of the Republicans in the House voted to keep the govern-ment closed. I mentioned yesterday how the Republican chairman of the House Committee on Appropriations, Congressman H
ALROGERS —whom peo-
ple call the Dean of the Kentucky dele-gation—is calling on his party to work with us Democrats on a long-term solu-tion that avoids a government shut-down. We need Republicans like him here in the Senate. 
In just a few months, the government 
will run out of money. It will have no more money on October 1. Unless we can reach a bipartisan budget agree-ment, our Nation will face another ri-diculous and damaging government shutdown. So I urge my Republican friends—especially Republican leaders in both Houses—to listen to Chairman R
OGERS and those other members of 
the Committee on Appropriations and work together. Put aside these non-serious games and get serious about keeping our government open. It is the only way Congress will avoid another manufactured crisis the Republican leader seems so desperately to desire. 
f 
WASHINGTON FOOTBALL TEAM 
NAME 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, finally, yes-
terday the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia affirmed what Native Americans have been say-ing for decades—the Washington foot-ball team name is disparaging. It is racist and morally objectionable, and it should be changed now. 
U.S. District Court Judge Gerald 
Bruce Lee sustained the Patent and Trademark Office’s decision that the Washington football team name should not be protected by a Federal trade-mark registration. That is good news. But how did the Redskins respond? Sorry to use that name. I made a mis-take. How did the Washington football 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.003 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4904 July 9, 2015 
team respond? By saying: Well, our 
football team is worth a lot of money, and as part of that value, the Redskins name is worth some money. 
I mean, does Daniel Snyder have 
enough money? I think so, without dis-paraging the group of Indians we have in Nevada—22 separate tribal entities in Nevada. They do not like this. Sny-der tried a couple of things—bought them a car and thought they would back off and no longer object. They saw that one coming, and they said: No, you keep the car. 
What the judge did yesterday is good 
news. The Federal Government should not protect a team or company that takes pride in hearing a racial slur every time their name is mentioned. 
While the ruling is a step in the right 
direction, this battle is not over. Ulti-mately, the response will rest with the owner, Dan Snyder, a multibillionaire. The U.S. Government cannot change his team’s name; only he can. For far too long, owner Snyder has tried to hide behind tradition, but yesterday’s ruling makes clear that his franchise’s name only fosters a tradition of rac-ism, bigotry, and intolerance. 
I admire so very much the Repub-
lican Governor of South Carolina. She has all the conservative credentials anyone needs, and after that terrible incident at a church in her State, she said the Confederate flag is going to go. Yesterday, after a long debate, as I un-derstand it, the South Carolina Legis-lature said no more public display of the flag. So tradition is not the name of the game. Fairness—not racism, not bigotry, not intolerance—is the game. 
Dan Snyder should do the right thing 
and change the team’s name. There is no place for that kind of tradition in the National Football League, and there is certainly no place for it in our great country. 
Mr. President, I apologize to my 
friend the chairman of the committee for taking so much time. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
ROUNDS ). Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT OF 
2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 1177, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
Pending: 
Alexander/Murray amendment No. 2089, in 
the nature of a substitute. 
Alexander (for Fischer) amendment No. 
2079 (to amendment No. 2089), to ensure local governance of education. 
Murray (for Peters) amendment No. 2095 
(to amendment No. 2089), to allow local edu-cational agencies to use parent and family engagement funds for financial literacy ac-
tivities. 
Toomey amendment No. 2094 (to amend-
ment No. 2089), to protect our children from convicted pedophiles, child molesters, and other sex offenders infiltrating our schools and from schools ‘‘passing the trash’’—help-ing pedophiles obtain jobs at other schools. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the 
Democratic leader and the Republican leader have created an environment in which we can succeed on this bill, and I am grateful to them for that. I lis-tened to their remarks this morning about some things that have gone on in the past in the Senate. My late friend Alex Haley, the author of ‘‘Roots,’’ used to say: Find the good and praise it. And so what I would like to do is thank the majority leader for putting the bill on the floor. Only he can do that and give us a chance to debate it. I thank the Democratic leader for cre-ating an environment in which we can have a large number of amendments and succeed. 
I thank the Senator from Wash-
ington, Mrs. P
ATTY MURRAY , who sug-
gested the way we proceed today. We fell into some partisan differences in the last two Congresses that made that impossible, and she has, as much as anybody, helped solve that problem. 
We are making good progress. We 
have adopted a number of amendments. We voted on some others. Some have passed, and some have been defeated. People have had a chance to have their say. Senator M
URRAY and I have re-
ceived a large number of amend-ments—several dozen, actually, that Senators on both sides have offered— that we have agreed to recommend to the full Senate we adopt by consent. 
In addition to that, we adopted 29 
amendments in the committee consid-eration, and many of those were amendments from Democratic Mem-bers of the Senate. So I think most Senators—in fact, I haven’t heard a single one say that they haven’t had a chance to have their say on No Child Left Behind. 
Yesterday, I put into the R
ECORD an 
op-ed from the Washington Post by the Virginia Secretary of Education Anne Holton, who made the argument that States, like Virginia, are well prepared to accept the responsibility for higher standards, better teaching, and real ac-countability. Over the last 15 years, that has happened in every State. 
It reminds us that this bill we are de-
bating only provides 4 percent of the dollars that pay for our 100,000 public schools in the country. We have some other money that the Federal Govern-ment spends—4 percent or 5 percent more—for those schools, but this bill spends 4 percent. Most of the money, most of the responsibility, most of the opportunity for success is with parents, classroom teachers, and others who are close to the children. 
The consensus we have developed, the 
bipartisan consensus—again, with the bill Senator M
URRAY and I put together and improved by our committee and 
now being improved on the floor—is that while we keep the important measures of the accountability, so we know what children in South Dakota and Tennessee and Washington State are learning and not learning, so we can tell if anyone is left behind, that we restore to States the responsibility for figuring out what to do about the tests. That has broad-scale support. 
Superintendents were in town yester-
day from all over the country; they told us that. Governors are calling us; they tell us that. The major teachers organizations in the country tell us we do not need, in effect, a national school board. Those decisions need to be made by teachers who cherish the children in their classroom and the parents who put them there and school board mem-bers who care for them and Governors and legislators who are closer to home. So this bill isn’t easy to do, but be-cause of that consensus, we are making good progress. 
I will submit following my remarks 
an article from earlier this week from Newsweek entitled, ‘‘The Education Law Everyone Wants to Fix.’’ The House of Representatives said it wants to fix it last night. The progress we are making suggests the Senate wants to fix it. We know all across the country Governors, legislators, teachers, school superintendents, and parents want to end the confusion and anxiety in the 100,000 public schools. 
We will be having more votes, hope-
fully today just before lunch, and then we will continue with the bill. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that following my remarks, the article from Newsweek entitled ‘‘The Education Law Everyone Wants to Fix’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . 
On a different subject, which I will 
not elaborate on today, I wish to also include, following my remarks, an arti-cle I wrote for the Wall Street Journal yesterday about the cost of going to college. I think it is unfortunate that so many politicians and pundits say that Americans can’t afford college when in fact most of them can. It is never easy, but it is important for them to know that for low-income Americans, for example, the first 2 years of college are free or nearly free at a community college; and there are many other ways colleges, universities, the Federal Government, and tax-payers try to make it easy for a larger number of Americans to go to college. That is a debate Senator M
URRAY and I 
are already working on. We will bring the reauthorization of the higher edu-cation bill before the Senate hopefully later this year. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that my op-ed from the Wall Street Journal be printed in the R
ECORD following my remarks. 
Mr. President, there are a number of 
Senators who wish to come to the floor to speak today. I encourage any Sen-ator who hasn’t presented their amend-ment to go ahead and do that. I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.005 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4905 July 9, 2015 
hopeful that soon we will have an 
agreement to have a number of votes before lunch. 
I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From Newsweek, July 3, 2015] 
THEEDUCATION LAWEVERYONE WANTS TO FIX 
(By Emily Cadei) 
When it comes to setting standards for 
America’s public schools, there’s a remark-able degree of consensus: The system the fed-eral government has in place—known as No Child Left Behind—doesn’t work. Fixing it, however, is about to set off a new round of fierce political combat in Washington, D.C., and draw in 2016 candidates as well. 
Both the House and Senate are set to de-
bate the 2001 No Child Left Behind law next week. Passed with bipartisan support—in-cluding the unlikely pairing of President George W. Bush and Massachusetts liberal Sen. Ted Kennedy—it sought to set national standards for school and student achieve-ment, and mandated testing to make sure they were keeping up as well as funding in-centives to keep schools on track. 
But the goals that the 2001 law set turned 
out to be far too ambitious and, the chorus of critics say, too rigid. ‘‘Teaching to the test’’ is a refrain heard across the country. Test results have become an end-all, be-all, complain teachers and parents, Democrats and Republicans, alike. 
No Child Left Behind ‘‘simplified all of 
school accountability to be a performance on a math test or a reading test,’’ says Mary Kusler, director of government relations for the National Education Association, which lobbies on behalf of teachers and other edu-cation professionals. That, Kusler says, ‘‘has corrupted the education our children are re-ceiving because it has reduced our schools to this reduce and punish system.’’ 
The two parties have very different visions 
for overhauling the law, however. Those in the middle, the House and Senate leaders that have drafted the legislation, are now faced with walking a tightrope between a measure that will win sufficient Republican support in the House but still get a signature from President Obama. That’s no easy task— the law has technically been expired since 2007, but Congress has not been able to mus-ter the political consensus to reauthorize it since then. It’s still being implemented, though, because Congress continues to pro-vide funding for the vast majority of its pro-grams. 
In the Senate, Tennessee Republican 
Lamar Alexander, a former Secretary of Education, and Washington Democrat Patty Murray have crafted a proposal that passed their Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee unanimously in April. Their leg-islation would maintain the testing regimen put in place by No Child Left Behind but give states more flexibility in how they use test results to measure performance. That’s earned the hearty endorsement of teachers and groups like NBA, as well as business as-sociations—which are usually on opposite sides of the education policy debate. In order to get Democrats on board, Alexander dropped one big Republican priority from the bill—a provision that would link federal funding for students from low-income areas to the individual child, rather than the school district in which they reside, which is how the system works now. Republicans argue this ‘‘portability’’ measure gives chil-dren and their families an opportunity to go to better schools but Democrats say it will just weaken already struggling schools. It’s part of a broader fight over ‘‘school choice’’ and whether students can use public funds to 
go to the school they want—even private school—via things like vouchers. That, says Kusler, defeats the whole purpose of the law, which is aimed at improving low-performing 
schools and ‘‘serving historically under-served populations.’’ 
The House bill, sponsored by Minnesota 
Republican John Kline, includes the port-ability provision Republicans favor. That prompted a veto threat from the White House in February. But even with that provi-sion, Kline’s bill has had trouble winning conservative support. Republican leaders ini-tially planned to hold a vote on it in late February but changed their minds at the last minute when it became apparent they didn’t have enough GOP support. Members aligned with the Tea Party argue the overhaul still spends too much money and leaves too much power in the hands of the federal govern-ment. They’re insisting on a vote on an amendment that would give states the op-tion of opting out of No Child Left Behind re-quirements entirely, a proposal known in shorthand as A-PLUS. 
‘‘There’s just no conceivable way they can 
bring the Kline bill onto the floor without bringing up A-PLUS,’’ says Dan Holler, spokesman for Heritage Action for America, the advocacy arm of the conservative Herit-age Foundation. Holler’s group came out in strong opposition to the bill in February and plans to continue to oppose it unless that provision is included in the House bill. He ar-gues that the House needs to pass the most conservative bill possible, given that they’ll then have to negotiate a final text with the Senate. 
Given how toxic No Child Left Behind has 
become, 2016 candidates on the campaign trail are going to be hard-pressed to avoid the debate. There could be 100 amendments or more filed in the Senate, which means the four Republican senators running for presi-dent will have to weigh in on plenty of thorny questions surrounding education pol-icy as it relates to race, inequality and states’ rights. 
Even those candidates who won’t be vot-
ing, however, are bound to be questioned on the topic. Education policy has become a lit-mus test on the Right, with conservatives rallying against any attempts to nationalize what they believe should be state or local de-cisions. They’ve mainly focused on plans for a national curriculum, known as Common Core, which is not part of the No Child Left Behind law. But Common Core is indirectly linked, since states have adopted it to meet the testing and accountability standards that No Child Left Behind created. 
Many Republican governors that initially 
embraced the Common Core standards, in-cluding 2016 long shots Chris Christie of New Jersey and Bobby Jindal of Louisiana, have backed away from them amidst the conserv-ative backlash. Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush is one of the few (along with Gov. John Kasich of Ohio) who has stood by Common Core. He also once offered the Obama admin-istration support in its efforts to reauthorize No Child Left Behind, according to an email the website Buzzfeed published last month. Those education stands are a big reason for conservatives’ simmering distrust of this son and brother of past presidents. 
The teachers’ unions, meanwhile, continue 
to hold tremendous sway in the Democratic primary, and their endorsements remain up for grabs in 2016. Dark horse candidate Mar-tin O’Malley, the former governor of Mary-land, is clearly eyeing that vote, and is scheduled to hold an education event fol-lowed by a meeting with the NBA of New Hampshire next week. 
The presidential race also offers a ration-
ale to conservative holdouts opposed to the No Child Left Behind reauthorization, which 
would be effective for as long as five years. With the possibility of a Republican sweep-ing into the White House, some argue it’s best to stick to the status quo for now, and tackle a more ambitious overhaul once a more conservative president is in office (they hope). 
But Kusler, for one, is hopeful that the 
pressure from all sides to fix an unworkable law will ultimately force a political com-promise—opposed to kicking the can down the road further. ‘‘I am entirely optimistic that we will get this done. We have never been so close,’’ she says. ‘‘We have created a perfect storm here.’’ 
[From the Wall Street Journal, July 6, 2015] 
COLLEGE TOOEXPENSIVE ? THAT’SAMYTH 
(By Lamar Alexander) 
Pell grants, state aid, modest loans and 
scholarships put a four-year public institu-tion within the reach of most. 
Paying for college never is easy, but it’s 
easier than most people think. Yet some politicians and pundits say students can’t af-ford a college education. That’s wrong. Most of them can. 
Public two-year colleges, for example, are 
free or nearly free for low-income students. Nationally, community college tuition and fees average $3,300 per year, according to the College Board. The annual federal Pell grant for these students—which does not have to be paid back—also averages $3,300. 
At public four-year colleges, tuition and 
fees average about $9,000. At the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, tuition and fees are $11,800. One third of its students have a Pell grant (up to $5,775 depending on financial need), and 98% of instate freshmen have a state Hope Scholarship, providing up to $3,500 annually for freshmen and sophomores and up to $4,500 for juniors or seniors. States run a variety of similar programs—$11.2 bil-lion in financial aid in 2013, 85% in the form of scholarships, according to the National Association of State Student Grant and Aid Programs. 
The reality is that, for most students, a 
four-year public institution is also within fi-nancial reach. 
What about really expensive private col-
leges? Across the country 15% of students at-tend private universities where tuition and fees average $31,000, according to the College Board. Georgetown University costs even more: about $50,000 a year. Its president, John DeGioia, told me how Georgetown—and many other so-called elite colleges—help make a degree affordable. 
First, Georgetown determines what a fam-
ily can afford to pay. It asks the student to borrow $17,000 over four years and work 10–15 hours a week under its work-study program. Georgetown pays the remainder—at a total cost of about $100 million a year. 
Apart from grants, work and savings, there 
are federal student loans. We hear a lot of questions about these loans. Are taxpayers generous enough? Is borrowing for college a good investment? Are students borrowing too much? 
An undergraduate today can get a federal 
loan of up to $5,500 his first year. The annual loan limit rises to $7,500 his junior and senior years. The fixed interest rate for new loans this year is, by law, 4.29%. A recent graduate may pay back the loan using no more than 10% of his disposable income. And if at that rate he doesn’t pay it off in 20 years, tax-payers forgive the loan. 
Are students borrowing too much? The 
College Board reports that a student who graduates from a four-year institution car-ries, on average, a debt of about $27,000. This is about the same amount of the average new 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.006 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4906 July 9, 2015 
car loan, according to the information-serv-
ices company Experian Automotive. The total amount of outstanding student loans is $1.2 trillion. The total amount of auto loans outstanding in the U.S. is $950 billion. 
But a student loan is a lot better invest-
ment. Cars depreciate. College degrees appre-ciate. The College Board estimates that a four-year degree will increase an individual’s lifetime earnings by $1 million, on average. 
What about the scary stories of students 
with $100,000 or more in debt? These rep-resent only 4% of all student loans, and 90% of the borrowers are doctors, lawyers, busi-ness school graduates and others who have earned graduate degrees. 
About seven million federal student loan 
borrowers are in default, defined as failing to make a loan payment in at least nine months. That’s about one in 10 of all out-standing federal student loans in default—al-though the Education Department says most of those loans eventually get paid back. 
Here are five steps the federal government 
can take to make it easier for students to fi-nance their college education: 
Allow students to use Pell grants year- 
round, not only for the traditional fall and spring academic terms, to complete their de-grees more rapidly. 
Simplify the confusing 108-question federal 
student-aid application form and consolidate the nine loan repayment programs to two: a standard repayment program and one based on their income. 
Change the laws and regulations that dis-
courage colleges from counseling students against borrowing too much. 
Require colleges to share in the risk of 
lending to students. This will ensure that they have some interest in encouraging stu-dents to borrow wisely, graduate on time, and be able to pay back what they owe. 
Clear out the federal red tape that soaks 
up state dollars that could otherwise go to help reduce tuition. The Boston Consulting Group found that in one year Vanderbilt University spent a startling $150 million complying with federal rules and regulations governing higher education, adding more than $11,000 to the cost of each Vanderbilt student’s $43,000 in tuition. America’s more than 6,000 colleges receive on average one new rule, regulation or guidance letter each workday from the Education Department. 
It is vital that more Americans earn their 
college degrees, for their own benefit and that of the country. A report by Georgetown University’s Center on Education in the Workforce tells us that if we don’t, we’ll fall short by five million workers with postsec-ondary education in five years. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, mak-
ing sure our Nation’s students get a quality education is critical for our ability—our country’s ability—to lead the world in the years to come, and a good education can be a ticket to the middle class. It is also important for building an economy from the middle out, not just from the top down. 
Of course, yesterday the House of 
Representatives passed their partisan bill to reauthorize the Nation’s K–12 education bill. While that is another 
important step in the process to finally fix the badly broken No Child Left Be-hind law, I am disappointed that House Republicans have chosen to take a par-tisan approach in their bill that is un-acceptable to Democrats and will never become law. 
I appreciate the work that ranking 
member B
OBBY SCOTT put into the 
House Democratic substitute. I am looking forward to coming together with him as well as Chairman K
LINE in 
a conference. I truly hope House Re-publicans will be ready to join ranking member B
OBBY SCOTT and other House 
and Senate Democrats, Senate Repub-licans, and the administration as we work to get this done in a way that works for all students and families. I am looking forward to continuing that work here today in the Senate. 
Again, I truly want to thank my col-
league, the senior Senator from Ten-nessee, for working with me on our bi-partisan bill, and I appreciate Chair-man A
LEXANDER ’s cooperation in work-
ing in a bipartisan way through this process. I join him this morning in en-couraging our colleagues to file their amendments so we can continue mak-ing progress on this important piece of legislation. 
Our bipartisan bill, the Every Child 
Achieves Act, is a good step in the right direction to fix No Child Left Be-hind. It gives our States more flexi-bility, while also including Federal guardrails to make sure all students have access to a quality public edu-cation. We are not done yet. I want to work to continue to improve and strengthen the bill. 
One example, today we will talk 
about an amendment to help shine a light on inequalities in education that still exist in our country. I thank Sen-ator W
ARREN for offering her amend-
ment. I look forward to that discus-sion. That amendment will help States, districts, and schools better analyze student achievement data so they can help their students achieve. So I hope our colleagues will pass that amend-ment. 
I am looking forward to getting 
started again today to work through this issue and a number of others we have, and I hope to continue to work in a bipartisan way to make sure all stu-dents have access to a quality edu-cation, again, regardless of where they live or how they learn or how much money they make. 
I look forward to today’s discussion. 
Again, I thank our colleagues on the other side of the aisle for working with us to fix this badly broken bill. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
wish to acknowledge the comments of the Senator from Washington. Before she was here, I commented on her lead-ership and on how the Democratic lead-er as well as the Republican leader have created an environment in which we can succeed. We govern a complex 
country such as ours by consensus, and I think the way we are doing things is a pretty good example of the way we can do that. 
I am glad the House of Representa-
tives acted. We have a process for this called conference. We haven’t been doing conferences much lately. But she and I both talked with Chairman K
LINE 
and Representative S COTT. If we should 
succeed next week, as I believe we will, why then we will have a conference with the House of Representatives, and we will develop a bill we hope the President will be comfortable signing. We are not here just to make a speech. We want to resolve this. As I said in the article I put in earlier, this is the education law everyone wants fixed. In our constitutional system of govern-ment, we don’t fix it unless the House and Senate agree and the President signs it. 
So that is our goal, and we are con-
tinuing to make steps, thanks to the leadership of Senator M
URRAY and oth-
ers. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the time until 11:30 a.m. today be equally di-vided between the two managers or their designees and that it be in order to call up the following amendments: Daines amendment No. 2110, Warren amendment No. 2120, Brown amend-ment No. 2099, Portman amendment No. 2147, Manchin amendment No. 2103, Kaine amendment No. 2096, Heller amendment No. 2121, Feinstein amend-ment No. 2087; that the Toomey amend-ment be modified with the changes at the desk; further, that at 11:30 a.m., the Senate vote in relation to the amend-ments in the order listed, with a vote in relation to the Toomey amendment, as modified, after disposition of the Brown amendment, with a 60-affirma-tive vote threshold for adoption of the Daines amendment, and with no sec-ond-degree amendments in order to any of the amendments prior to the votes; that there be 2 minutes equally divided prior to each vote, and that upon the disposition of the Feinstein amend-ment, the Senate vote in relation to the Fischer amendment No. 2079. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2094), as modi-
fied, is as follows: 
(Purpose: To ensure that States have policies 
or procedures that prohibit aiding or abet-ting of sexual abuse, and for other pur-poses) 
At the end of title IX, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.013 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4907 July 9, 2015 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON AIDING AND ABET-
TING SEXUAL ABUSE. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections 4001(3) and 9114, and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9539. PROHIBITION ON AIDING AND ABET-
TING SEXUAL ABUSE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State, State edu-
cational agency, or local educational agency in the case of a local educational agency des-ignated under State law, that receives Fed-eral funds under this Act shall have laws, regulations, or policies that prohibit any person who is a school employee, contractor, or agent, or any State educational agency or local educational agency, from assisting a school employee, contractor, or agent in ob-taining a new job, apart from the routine transmission of administrative and per-sonnel files, if the person or agency knows, or recklessly disregards credible information indicating, that such school employee, con-tractor, or agent engaged in sexual mis-conduct regarding a minor in violation of the law. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements of sub-
section (a) shall not apply if the credible in-formation described in such subsection— 
‘‘(1)(A) has been properly reported to a law 
enforcement agency with jurisdiction over the alleged misconduct; and 
‘‘(B) has been properly reported to any 
other authorities as required by Federal, State, or local law, including title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) and the regulations imple-menting such title under part 106 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, or any suc-ceeding regulations; and 
‘‘(2)(A) the case has been officially closed 
or the prosecutor with jurisdiction over the alleged misconduct has investigated the alle-gations and notified school officials that there is insufficient information to establish probable cause that the school employee, contractor, or agent engaged in sexual mis-conduct regarding a minor; 
‘‘(B) the school employee, contractor, or 
agent has been charged with, and exonerated of, the alleged misconduct; or 
‘‘(C) the case remains open but there have 
been no charges filed against, or indictment of, the school employee, contractor, or agent within 4 years of the date on which the infor-mation was reported to a law enforcement agency. 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not 
have the authority to mandate, direct, or control the specific measures adopted by a State, State educational agency, or local educational agency under this section. 
‘‘(d) Construction.—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to prevent a State from adopting, or to override a State law, regula-tion, or policy that provides, greater or addi-tional protections to prohibit any person who is a school employee, contractor, or agent, or any State educational agency or local educational agency, from assisting a school employee who engaged in sexual mis-conduct regarding a minor in violation of the law in obtaining a new job.’’. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, for 
the information of Senators, we expect the first four amendments in this se-ries to require rollcall votes, with the rest of the amendments being adopted by a voice vote. 
I thank the Senator from Washington 
for working with us to create this agreement. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2094, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I wish 
to speak about my amendment, which is part of the unanimous consent agree-ment that was just agreed to. I have a number of thank yous I need to go through. 
I will start by thanking the cospon-
sors of this amendment, starting with Senator M
ANCHIN , who has been with 
me in this battle for a very long time now. But I wish to thank the other co-sponsors, including Senators M
CCON-
NELL , A LEXANDER , C OTTON , C APITO , 
GARDNER , H ELLER , INHOFE , JOHNSON , 
MCCAIN, ROBERTS , and V ITTER . 
I am on the floor of the Senate to ex-
plain to people what we have done and are going to vote on later today. I be-lieve that this amendment is very con-structive, and I am very optimistic and hopeful this will pass. 
This amendment is based on a bill 
that I introduced with Senator M
ANCHIN over a year and a half ago, 
which was called the Protecting Stu-dents from Sexual and Violent Preda-tors Act. I have spoken about this a number of times because I feel very strongly about this. The fact is that while the overwhelming majority of our school employees across America are wonderful people and some of the great role models of our lives, it is also a fact that there are predators in our schools. That is a sad fact, but it is true. We know this for many reasons, not the least of which is that last year alone there were 459 school employees arrested across America for sexual mis-conduct with the kids that they are supposed to be protecting. 
So far this year we are on a path of 
arresting people at a rate that exceeds that of last year. We know this is a huge problem. 
It came to my attention because of 
the absolutely horrific story of a young boy named Jeremy Bell. Sadly, that story began in Pennsylvania, where a teacher was molesting the students under his charge. He was molesting lit-tle boys. The school figured out what was going on and reported it to the au-thorities. But as much as they wanted to, the authorities were never able to assemble enough evidence to mount a prosecution. So the school did some-thing despicable. What the school de-cided to do was to make this predator someone else’s problem. So they wrote a letter of recommendation and said: You just leave, take this letter with you, and find employment elsewhere. 
Well, this is a pedophile. This is a 
predator they did this for, and of course he left and became someone else’s problem. He was hired in West Virginia as a schoolteacher. Eventu-ally, he became principal, and of course, he serially molested the chil-dren in that school, finally culmi-
nating in the rape and murder of a lit-tle boy named Jeremy Bell. 
The practice of sending a letter of 
recommendation on behalf of a known predator is so appalling that most of us can’t imagine anyone would do it. But the sad truth is that it has happened so frequently that it even has a name. It is called passing the trash. In prosecu-tion circles and in the circles of people who are advocates for children who are victims of these horrendous crimes, they know this all too well. Passing the trash is all too common a practice as a way for schools to make these predators someone else’s problems. 
Well, the initial amendment that I 
filed this bill, mirroring the legislation that Senator M
ANCHIN and I intro-
duced, attempted to deal with this problem in two ways. One, in the first place, was to establish a thorough Fed-eral standard for background checks for school employees, and the second was to have a prohibition against pass-ing the trash—to make it illegal for someone to knowingly recommend for hire a sexual predator. 
As for the first part, the background 
check part, we have had disagreements among ourselves as to how to do that and whether to do that. There have been deep disagreements, and despite many conversations with my col-leagues, we have not been able to reach an agreement on how to proceed on that. I am disappointed that we have not reached an agreement, but I under-stand that we don’t have the votes to pass that portion. So I have agreed to put that aside for now. I have not agreed to abandon this cause of estab-lishing the most rigorous possible background checks, but we will have that fight another day and hopefully at a time when we have the votes to pass it. 
What is really terrific news is that 
we have reached an agreement on the other part of our legislation, the part that prohibits this despicable, horren-dous practice of passing the trash—the very action that enabled the predator to get the job that enabled him, in turn, to rape and kill young Jeremy Bell. Having reached this agreement, I am confident that we will be able to pass this amendment later today. If we do, it will be the first time that the Senate has established that this des-picable practice will no longer be toler-ated anywhere in the country. 
This is a huge victory for America’s 
children. It is as simple as that. When we pass this in the Senate, and when it eventually becomes law, which I am confident it will, the fact is our kids are going to be safer. There are a lot of States that already have some legisla-tion that prohibits passing the trash within their State, but no State can force another State to forbid this prac-tice from coming across the line and into their State. That is why this al-ways needed a Federal response, and I am really thrilled that today I think we are going to have that Federal re-sponse. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.015 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4908 July 9, 2015 
I need to thank a lot of folks. I see 
my colleague from West Virginia has joined us, and I will start with him. Senator M
ANCHIN has been a great 
partner in this effort since we started over a year and a half ago. I am sure he will have something to add about this entire process. 
I also wish to thank the chairman of 
the committee, Senator A
LEXANDER , 
and Ranking Member M URRAY for all of 
the help they have provided in getting us to this place. In particular, I have to thank Senator A
LEXANDER and his 
staff, together with my staff. I also have to mention Dimple Gupta, who has worked tirelessly on this issue. 
We had many long and often difficult 
conversations. We started in what seemed like irreconcilable differences about this topic. But because we per-sisted and everybody approached this in a cooperative fashion, despite the stiff opposition that there was at times, we were able to find common ground. 
I also need to acknowledge some out-
side groups that made it possible for us to find this common ground: the Na-tional Children’s Alliance, the Associa-tion of Prosecuting Attorneys, many child advocate groups across Pennsyl-vania and across the country, law en-forcement groups, and prosecutors. Even the American Academy of Pedia-tricians has been helpful in getting us here. 
I will close with this: This is exactly 
the way the Senate is supposed to work. This is the way it is supposed to happen. As people who share a common vision, we all want to make sure our kids are in the safest possible environ-ment when they go to school. We start-ed with wildly different views about how to get there. When the Senate is working well, it works exactly as it is working now with regular order on the Senate floor, going through the com-mittee process, and having a ranking member and a chairman who are will-ing to work with individual Members on their priorities. People came to-gether to figure out where their com-mon ground was, how to get this done, and how to put the interest of their constituents, the American people— and in this case our kids and grandkids—ahead of political consider-ations. 
I am really thrilled that I think we 
have reached that point on this really important amendment. So I urge all of my colleagues to support this amend-ment. I hope it will have very broad support. I want to say thanks to all of the colleagues who helped to make this happen. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, first of 
all, let me say to my colleague, Sen-ator T
OOMEY from Pennsylvania, that I 
have enjoyed working with him on many ventures, if you will, but this is one that is particularly gratifying now that we have finally come to an agree-ment. I think it is bipartisan all the 
way. I think it will pass. It makes all the sense in the world. It was Jeremy Bell from my State of West Virginia who was the victim of this tragic crime that could have been prevented if we had just known. That is what this is all about. As Senator T
OOMEY has said, we 
are not going to give up on making sure we can find out who these per-petrators are, if they have a record we can follow and trace and keep them out of the school system before they ever begin their careers. That is a situation on which we will continue to be very vigilant. 
Again, I thank Senator T
OOMEY for 
his commitment and his hard work. His staff and our staff enjoyed working to-gether. We will continue to work on many endeavors that will benefit most importantly the children of this great country of ours in our respective States. 
I thank Senator A
LEXANDER and Sen-
ator M URRAY for including my amend-
ment—another amendment I will be speaking about—to promote vol-unteerism and community service. This is an issue about which I feel very strongly. I go all over the State of West Virginia and speak in different parts of the country, and I speak to young people and ask them if they feel as if they own the country. 
I say: Do you have ownership? Do you 
believe this is your country? 
They look at me very strangely. 
They really don’t feel as though they have ownership. 
I ask them: In the Constitution and 
in the preamble where it says a govern-ment of the people, by the people, and for the people, whom are we speaking about? It is you. It is your government. You own it. What have you done to in-vest in it? Are you taking care of it? Are you doing preventive maintenance? 
I am often reminded of the five prom-
ises that were made, which were start-ed by Colin Powell and his five prom-ises committee. It is an idea that my wife and I, when I was Governor of West Virginia, endorsed. We have a five promise program that we still support in West Virginia. 
The five promises are simply these: Every child when they are born into 
this world should have a loving, caring 
adult in their life, somebody who un-conditionally loves them. Sometimes, unfortunately, it is not always the bio-logical parents or the biological fam-ily, but every child deserves to have unconditional love. 
Second, every child must have a safe 
place where harm can’t enter their life, where they know they will be kept safe. Every child deserves that. 
Third, every child deserves a healthy 
start. We know that nutrition is impor-tant and basically the ability to pro-vide good nutrition. Sometimes, be-cause of economic conditions, the op-portunity doesn’t always exist. That is a responsibility we have as the greatest country on Earth, the superpower that we are. Every child should have a healthy start. Fourth, every child should grow to 
earn a skill, learn a skill, be able to ob-tain a skill that will carry them to be a successful adult in life. 
I will speak about the fifth promise 
in just a moment. 
Giving back to our communities, 
contributing our time and services to improve our world—this is something everybody can do. We can’t use the ex-cuse of ‘‘I am sorry, my family is not wealthy enough for me to do some-thing’’—that is not an excuse—or ‘‘I am sorry, I live in a rural area where I just don’t have that available to me.’’ There is a need everywhere in the world. In every part of this great coun-try, there is a need for people to give something back and do something to contribute, to reach out and help some-body of lesser means, or maybe they don’t have any assistance whatsoever in their life. There is an opportunity for every person to give. 
I learned from my grandparents. I 
watched them open up their home and make sure there was always a bed for a stranger, make sure there was always food, and make sure there were a few rules we had to live by. You couldn’t swear when there were too many young children around, you couldn’t drink, and you had to work and provide some-thing. If that was the case, then my grandparents took care of you and they wanted to share with you. They are pretty simple rules to live by. 
Unfortunately, true public service is 
not there. We for some reason have thought it was somebody else’s respon-sibility to take care of—just offer a government program, a Federal or State program. What happened to reaching across the room, if you will, or reaching across your town or your community or your State to help peo-ple? Our world is different, but our commitment to our neighbors shouldn’t be. That is one value that doesn’t change. One person can still have a meaningful impact on another person’s life. We know that. 
My amendment with Senator S
HA-
HEEN basically aims to counter this 
trend by giving every school the flexi-bility to use their Federal funding on programs that promote volunteerism and community service. That is all. It is optional. It is not mandatory. But if one believes that is such an intricate part of our responsibility as an educa-tor, to make sure these young people have a chance to get into a food bank or a food pantry or a homeless shelter or a senior citizen opportunity to help people in need, or a nursing home— given that chance, they can use some of those resources they will have through this updated bill we are about to pass, which I think is historical and much needed—this amendment will allow them to do that. That is all we have asked for. 
I am very appreciative that both 
Chairman A
LEXANDER and Ranking 
Member M URRAY have accepted this. 
My amendment today is part of keep-
ing General Powell’s fifth promise. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.010 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4909 July 9, 2015 
spoke about the four promises. The 
fifth promise is this: Every child should grow to be a loving, caring adult and give something back. We can’t teach that one. People have to earn that one. People have to learn that for themselves. Sometimes people are able to get it from where they live, the family they live with, the commu-nity around them. Sometimes people see it and they know it is the right thing to do. This is going to provide an opportunity in an educational setting to find one’s lot in life, to be able to give something back, to be able to grow into a loving, caring adult. That is what this is all about. 
So I believe very strongly in this 
amendment. I believe very strongly that it is going to help the youth of America to be able to be Americans and what is expected of us as Ameri-cans—to help one another. 
I would say that an investment in 
community service pays off both for our students and our communities. In 2013, that 1 year, U.S. taxpayers in-vested $1.7 billion in our national serv-ice programs that we have to date. The total social return on this investment is estimated to be $6.5 billion—almost a 4-to-1 return in the value we receive back as a society. I don’t think we can get a better return on an investment than having the youth of America being able to give something back and learn that fifth promise to be a caring, loving adult and be able to carry this tradition on. 
With that, I appreciate very much 
the chairman and the ranking member accepting this amendment. I think it will greatly help the school systems of America to be able to be involved in volunteerism, without social media but truly hands on. So I think this is some-thing we need. I am appreciative, and I thank my colleagues. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I 
thank my colleague from West Vir-ginia. He was just speaking about a need for us to support our young peo-ple. In essence, what he was saying is they can use their God-given abilities to be able to give back, and that is what the amendment I wish to speak to is all about. 
I appreciate the fact that the chair-
man and ranking member have agreed to take a look at this amendment. In fact, my understanding is that Senator A
LEXANDER is going to be offering this 
amendment later. This amendment has to do with substance abuse. It has to do with our young people. Unfortunately, we are seeing a younger and younger age of first use of drugs. We are seeing also, unfortunately, more and more young people who struggle with addic-tion. 
In the legislation and in the under-
lying law, there are provisions for pre-vention, and that is incredibly impor-tant. If we can get our young people not to go down this road, we can avoid some devastating consequences to 
them and to their future, to their fami-lies, and to their communities. 
If we look at the use today, in my 
home State of Ohio—I was just home the day before yesterday at a con-ference on this issue of heroin use and prescription drug use by our young people. It is growing. It is a huge prob-lem. The No. 1 cause of death now in 
Ohio is overdose from these drugs. It is no longer car accidents, as it has been in the past. We must focus on this issue, and the most effective way, of course, is through prevention and edu-cation, which I strongly support, and it is in the underlying bill. 
What is not in the bill, though, is to 
provide support services for our young people should they be struggling with addiction. This is incredibly important. So the legislation I am offering along with Senator W
HITEHOUSE simply pro-
vides recovery and support services for our young people who fall victim to the dangers of drugs. We have a responsi-bility to do this, in my view, again not just to focus, as the underlying legisla-tion does, on drug prevention and early intervention but also to focus on pro-viding these important recovery serv-ices to students in schools and commu-nities so they could overcome their ad-diction and achieve their God-given abilities and again be productive mem-bers of society, which the Senator from Pennsylvania and the Senator from West Virginia were speaking about. I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment. 
The second amendment I wish to 
speak about that I understand also may be offered later and included in a package—and I appreciate the chair-man and ranking member taking a look at this—has to do with homeless youth. This is an amendment which ba-sically enables us to streamline the current process, where it is very dif-ficult to establish that somebody is homeless. In fact, under our current law, one has to go through quite a process with HUD, the Department of Housing and Urban Development. I am told there are sometimes up to maybe 10 or 12 different documents one has to go through. This streamlines the proc-ess and allows the counselors who are already in the schools to be able to make the determination to help get services to these kids. 
Homeless youth in America is now at 
an alltime high. We are told that 1 in 45 children is homeless each year. By the way, that is 1.6 million children. So I hope this amendment, which is amendment No. 2087, to help homeless youth will also be one we will be able to take up here on the floor. Senator F
EINSTEIN and I are offering it to-
gether. It is one that is bipartisan, and it is one that will help foster greater community collaboration between agencies and departments by stream-lining the process and allowing these counselors who are already in the schools to get the training they need to be able to support these kids, to more quickly identify them and provide the 
services they need. 
I thank my colleague from Montana 
for allowing me to speak about these two very important amendments. I thank Senator M
URRAY and Senator 
ALEXANDER for giving this very serious 
consideration in the legislation. I hope these amendments can be adopted on a bipartisan basis. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2110 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask to 
set aside the pending amendment in order to call up amendment No. 2110. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is set aside. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Montana [Mr. D AINES ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 2110 to amendment No. 2089. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To allow a State to submit a dec-
laration of intent to the Secretary of Edu-cation to combine certain funds to improve the academic achievement of students) 
After part B of title X, insert the fol-
lowing: 
PART C—A PLUS ACT 
SECTION 10301. SHORT TITLE; PURPOSE; DEFINI-
TIONS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This part may be cited 
as the ‘‘Academic Partnerships Lead Us to Success Act’’ or the ‘‘A PLUS Act’’. 
(b) P
URPOSE .—The purposes of this part are 
as follows: 
(1) To give States and local communities 
added flexibility to determine how to im-prove academic achievement and implement education reforms. 
(2) To reduce the administrative costs and 
compliance burden of Federal education pro-grams in order to focus Federal resources on improving academic achievement. 
(3) To ensure that States and communities 
are accountable to the public for advancing the academic achievement of all students, especially disadvantaged children. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided, the terms used in this part have the meanings given the terms in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.). 
(2) O
THER TERMS .—In this part: 
(A) A CCOUNTABILITY .—The term ‘‘account-
ability’’ means that public schools are an-swerable to parents and other taxpayers for the use of public funds and shall report stu-dent progress to parents and taxpayers regu-larly. 
(B) D
ECLARATION OF INTENT .—The term 
‘‘declaration of intent’’ means a decision by a State, as determined by State Authorizing Officials or by referendum, to assume full management responsibility for the expendi-ture of Federal funds for certain eligible pro-grams for the purpose of advancing, on a more comprehensive and effective basis, the educational policy of such State. 
(C) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 1122(e) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6332(e)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.012 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4910 July 9, 2015 
(D) S TATE AUTHORIZING OFFICIALS .—The 
term ‘‘State Authorizing Officials’’ means the State officials who shall authorize the submission of a declaration of intent, and any amendments thereto, on behalf of the State. Such officials shall include not less than 2 of the following: 
(i) The governor of the State. (ii) The highest elected education official 
of the State, if any. 
(iii) The legislature of the State. (E) S
TATE DESIGNATED OFFICER .—The term 
‘‘State Designated Officer’’ means the person designated by the State Authorizing Officials to submit to the Secretary, on behalf of the 
State, a declaration of intent, and any amendments thereto, and to function as the point-of-contact for the State for the Sec-retary and others relating to any respon-sibilities arising under this part. 
SEC. 10302. DECLARATION OF INTENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State is authorized 
to submit to the Secretary a declaration of intent permitting the State to receive Fed-eral funds on a consolidated basis to manage the expenditure of such funds to advance the educational policy of the State. 
(b) P
ROGRAMS ELIGIBLE FOR CONSOLIDATION  
ANDPERMISSIBLE USE OF FUNDS .— 
(1) S COPE.—A State may choose to include 
within the scope of the State’s declaration of intent any program for which Congress makes funds available to the State if the program is for a purpose described in the El-ementary and Education Secondary Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301). A State may not include any program funded pursuant to the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.). 
(2) U
SES OF FUNDS .—Funds made available 
to a State pursuant to a declaration of in-tent under this part shall be used for any educational purpose permitted by State law of the State submitting a declaration of in-tent. 
(3) R
EMOVAL OF FISCAL AND ACCOUNTING  
BARRIERS .—Each State educational agency 
that operates under a declaration of intent under this part shall modify or eliminate State fiscal and accounting barriers that prevent local educational agencies and schools from easily consolidating funds from other Federal, State, and local sources in order to improve educational opportunities and reduce unnecessary fiscal and account-ing requirements. 
(c) C
ONTENTS OF DECLARATION .—Each dec-
laration of intent shall contain— 
(1) a list of eligible programs that are sub-
ject to the declaration of intent; 
(2) an assurance that the submission of the 
declaration of intent has been authorized by the State Authorizing Officials, specifying the identity of the State Designated Officer; 
(3) the duration of the declaration of in-
tent; 
(4) an assurance that the State will use fis-
cal control and fund accounting procedures; 
(5) an assurance that the State will meet 
the requirements of applicable Federal civil rights laws in carrying out the declaration of intent and in consolidating and using the funds under the declaration of intent; 
(6) an assurance that in implementing the 
declaration of intent the State will seek to advance educational opportunities for the disadvantaged; 
(7) a description of the plan for maintain-
ing direct accountability to parents and other citizens of the State; and 
(8) an assurance that in implementing the 
declaration of intent, the State will seek to use Federal funds to supplement, rather than supplant, State education funding. 
(d) D
URATION .—The duration of the dec-
laration of intent shall not exceed 5 years. 
(e) R EVIEW AND RECOGNITION BY THE SEC-
RETARY .— (1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
view the declaration of intent received from the State Designated Officer not more than 60 days after the date of receipt of such dec-laration, and shall recognize such declara-tion of intent unless the declaration of in-tent fails to meet the requirements under subsection (c). 
(2) R
ECOGNITION BY OPERATION OF LAW .—If 
the Secretary fails to take action within the time specified in paragraph (1), the declara-tion of intent, as submitted, shall be deemed to be approved. 
(f) A
MENDMENT TO DECLARATION OF IN-
TENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The State Authorizing Of-
ficials may direct the State Designated Offi-cer to submit amendments to a declaration of intent that is in effect. Such amendments shall be submitted to the Secretary and con-sidered by the Secretary in accordance with subsection (e). 
(2) A
MENDMENTS AUTHORIZED .—A declara-
tion of intent that is in effect may be amend-ed to— 
(A) expand the scope of such declaration of 
intent to encompass additional eligible pro-grams; 
(B) reduce the scope of such declaration of 
intent by excluding coverage of a Federal program included in the original declaration of intent; 
(C) modify the duration of such declaration 
of intent; or 
(D) achieve such other modifications as the 
State Authorizing Officials deem appro-priate. 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment shall 
specify an effective date. Such effective date shall provide adequate time to assure full compliance with Federal program require-ments relating to an eligible program that has been removed from the coverage of the declaration of intent by the proposed amend-ment. 
(4) T
REATMENT OF PROGRAM FUNDS WITH -
DRAWN FROM DECLARATION OF INTENT .—Begin-
ning on the effective date of an amendment executed under paragraph (2)(B), each pro-gram requirement of each program removed from the declaration of intent shall apply to the State’s use of funds made available under the program. 
SEC. 10303. TRANSPARENCY FOR RESULTS OF 
PUBLIC EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State operating 
under a declaration of intent under this part shall inform parents and the general public regarding the student achievement assess-ment system, demonstrating student progress relative to the State’s determina-tion of student proficiency, as described in paragraph (2), for the purpose of public ac-countability to parents and taxpayers. 
(b) A
CCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM .—The State 
shall determine and establish an account-ability system to ensure accountability under this part. 
(c) R
EPORT ON STUDENT PROGRESS .—Not 
later than 1 year after the effective date of the declaration of intent, and annually thereafter, a State shall disseminate widely to parents and the general public a report that describes student progress. The report shall include— 
(1) student performance data disaggregated 
in the same manner as data are disaggregated under section 1111(b)(3)(A) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(3)(A)); and 
(2) a description of how the State has used 
Federal funds to improve academic achieve-ment, reduce achievement disparities be-tween various student groups, and improve educational opportunities for the disadvan-taged. SEC. 10304. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), the amount that a State with a declaration of intent may expend for ad-ministrative expenses shall be limited to 1 percent of the aggregate amount of Federal funds made available to the State through the eligible programs included within the scope of such declaration of intent. 
(b) S
TATES NOTCONSOLIDATING FUNDS  
UNDER PA R TAO F TITLE I.—If the declaration 
of intent does not include within its scope part A of title I of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.), the amount spent by the State on administrative expenses shall be limited to 3 percent of the aggregate amount of Federal funds made available to the State pursuant to such declaration of intent. 
SEC. 10305. EQUITABLE PARTICIPATION OF PRI-
VATE SCHOOLS. 
Each State consolidating and using funds 
pursuant to a declaration of intent under this part shall provide for the participation of private school children and teachers in the activities assisted under the declaration of intent in the same manner as participation is provided to private school children and teachers under section 9501 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7881). 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, as a 
fifth-generation Montanan, a product of Montana public schools, a husband of an elementary school teacher, and the father of four children, including one of them who has a degree in ele-mentary education, I understand how important a first-rate education is to our kids’ future. 
As I meet with parents and educators 
across Montana, they frequently share concerns about the one-size-fits-all stu-dent performance and teacher quali-fication metrics that currently dictate Federal funding as part of No Child Left Behind. While well-intended, many of these metrics have proven dif-ficult for schools in rural areas to achieve. 
As the Senate debates the Every 
Child Achieves Act to reform our Na-tion’s education policies, one of my pri-orities will be fighting to increase local control over academic standards and education policies and working to push back against burdensome Federal regu-lations that often place our schools in a straitjacket. 
For example, the U.S. Department of 
Education has incentivized States to adopt common core standards by offer-ing exemptions from No Child Left Be-hind regulations and making extra Federal education funds accessible through programs such as Race to the Top to States that adopt common core. However, as are many Montanans, I am deeply concerned that the Federal Gov-ernment’s obvious efforts to back States into adopting such programs is an inappropriate interference in edu-cation policy decisions that should be made by the States, should be made by the parents, by the teachers, and local school boards. 
If we are serious about wanting to 
make future generations as fortunate as ours, it is critical that we prepare our children to excel in a globally com-petitive economy. Our children should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.001 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4911 July 9, 2015 
receive a well-rounded education that 
focuses on core subjects, including reading, writing, science, and math, as well as technical and vocational dis-ciplines and training in the arts. 
It is clear that the Federal Govern-
ment’s one-size-fits-none approach isn’t working. That is why I am intro-ducing the academic partnerships lead us to success amendment, or A-PLUS for short. It is an amendment to the Every Child Achieves Act. I thank the chairman and the ranking member, Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M UR-
RAY, for allowing a vote on this amend-
ment today. 
This measure will help expand local 
control of our schools and return Fed-eral education dollars where they be-long—closer to classrooms. With A- PLUS, the States should be freed and will be freed from Washington unwork-able teacher standards. States would be free from Washington-knows-best per-formance metrics. States would be free from Washington’s failed test require-ments. States would be held account-able by parents and teachers because a bright light would shine directly on the decisions made by State capitals and local school districts. 
With freedom from Federal mandates 
comes more responsibility, trans-parency, and accountability from the States. It would empower our States, our local schools, our teachers, and our parents to work together to develop so-lutions that best fit the unique needs of each child. The A-PLUS amendment goes a long way toward returning re-sponsibility for our kids’ education closer to home and reduces the influ-ence of the Federal Government over our classrooms. 
I thank Senators G
RASSLEY , CRUZ, 
VITTER , J OHNSON , L EE, L ANKFORD , 
BLUNT , CRAPO , RUBIO, and G ARDNER for 
sponsoring my A-PLUS amendment, and I ask my other Senate colleagues to join us in empowering our schools to serve our students, not DC bureaucrats, and support this important amend-ment. 
I see my colleague Senator L
EEof 
Utah is here, and I yield my time for his comments on this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. LEE. I thank the Senator. Mr. President, the work the Senate is 
engaged in this week is long overdue. The last time the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act was updated was 14 years ago. Congress gave the coun-try No Child Left Behind, a policy that by all accounts has been a failure. That is why in 2012 the Obama administra-tion began offering waivers to States, allowing them to opt out of the coer-cive and ineffective requirements that No Child Left Behind imposed on America’s school districts and class-rooms. But State and local school boards quickly learned, just as parents and teachers did, these so-called waiv-ers didn’t solve the fundamental prob-lems created by No Child Left Behind; they further entrenched that problem. These weren’t waivers in any meaning-
ful sense because they came with a new set of strings attached that only rein-forced the authority of Washington, DC, to micromanage the policies and the curriculum of classrooms all around the country. They did not give State and local policymakers the free-dom and flexibility to use education funding in a way that would best meet the needs of students and truly em-power every child to succeed. No. In-stead, they forced teachers, school boards, and State officials to choose between the lesser of two evils—either, on one hand, abide by the Federal man-dates of No Child Left Behind or, on 
the other hand, accept the Federal mandates prescribed by common core and Race to the Top. 
The underlying bill we will vote on 
next week makes the same mistake, and unless it is amended, we can expect it in turn to have the same dis-appointing results. More kids will be trapped in failing schools, their oppor-tunities in life predetermined by their parents’ ZIP Code rather than their God-given talents and their own indi-vidual desire to learn and succeed. More teachers can be rewarded on the basis of the number of years they have been on the job rather than on the basis of the number of kids they have helped to graduate. And more parents will regrettably but understandably lose faith in the public education sys-tem, knowing it is designed to serve the ideological whims of Federal politi-cians and Federal bureaucrats instead of the educational needs of their chil-dren. 
That is why I am here this morning 
to offer my support and to encourage my colleagues to offer their support for an amendment to the proposed reau-thorization of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act, an amendment that would help us avoid the serious mistakes of the past. 
The basic premise, the basic ani-
mating principle behind the bill before the Senate, as it now stands, and the basic premise, basic principle behind No Child Left Behind and common core is that when it comes to running the classroom, Washington bureaucrats and politicians know better than America’s teachers, parents, and local school boards. The principle behind the A-PLUS amendment is essentially the opposite; that no one is in a better po-sition to make decisions about a child’s education than his or her parents, guardians, teachers, counselors, and principals. If you believe in this prin-ciple as I do—and as experience in-structs all of us to do—then you must support the A-PLUS Act because it em-powers every child’s parents, guard-ians, teachers, counselors, and prin-cipals to make the greatest impact on their education and on their lives, and it would do so without eliminating any Federal mandates—coercive and inef-fective though they may be—and would simply give States the choice to opt out of them, no strings attached. Here is how the A-PLUS act works. If 
a State’s legislators determine that the Federal Government’s approach to edu-cation reform has not improved aca-demic achievement in their State, they have an alternative. They can submit to the U.S. Department of Education a declaration of intent outlining their State-directed education reform initia-tives. In States that choose to opt out, education officials will no longer have to spend all of their time complying with onerous one-size-fits-all Federal mandates. Instead, they will have the freedom and flexibility to listen and re-spond to the needs and recommenda-tions of parents, teachers, principals, and school boards. They will be able to make their education funds go further by consolidating programs and funding sources, and they will be able to im-prove the educational opportunities to disadvantaged children by designing their State’s policies to be more re-sponsive and more targeted. 
This amendment isn’t about States’ 
rights so much as it is about children’s rights, such as the right to a good edu-cation. It would secure those rights by empowering America’s teachers and parents to pursue innovative policies, such as charter schools and school vouchers and pay-for-success initia-tives that have proven to be successful in classrooms all around the country. 
The bill the Senate will vote on next 
week may be well-intentioned in its re-authorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, but it misdiagnoses the problem of the status quo. Our education system needs to be reformed, not in spite of excessive Fed-eral control but because of it. The A- PLUS Act recognizes this fact, and it takes critical steps to rebuild our edu-cation policy around it. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
A-PLUS amendment. The success of America’s children depends upon it. 
I thank my friend and distinguished 
colleague from Montana and yield my time back to him. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. DAINES. I thank the Senator 
from Utah for his remarks and his in-sights to empower schools, parents, and States to have more control over their children’s future through edu-cation. This measure will help expand local control of our schools. It will re-turn Federal education dollars to where they belong; that is, close to the classrooms. 
Just before I came down to the floor 
to speak, I was in my office with some high school students from Montana from communities like St. Regis, Hob-son, Missoula, Clyde Park, Stevens-ville. They are the bright future of our State. As I chatted with them about this amendment, they, too, agreed that by shifting control back to the States, to the local school boards, to the par-ents, that individual and effective solu-tions can be created to address the multitude of unique challenges facing our schools and our students across the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.014 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4912 July 9, 2015 
country. Through these laboratories of 
democracy, Americans can watch and learn how students can benefit when innovative reforms are implemented at the local level. 
I thank my colleagues, and I urge my 
Senate colleagues to join us in empow-ering our schools to serve their stu-dents, not DC bureaucrats, and support this important amendment. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). The Senator from Tennessee. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 2147 AND 2121 TO AMENDMENT  
NO. 2089 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I ask to set aside the pending amend-ment to call up the following amend-ments en bloc: Portman amendment No. 2147 and Heller amendment No. 2121. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ] proposes amendments en bloc num-
bered 2147 and 2121 to amendment No. 2089. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendments be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2147 
(Purpose: To promote recovery support 
services for students) 
On page 422, line 22, insert ‘‘recovery sup-
port services,’’ after ‘‘referral,’’. 
On page 439, line 16, insert ‘‘recovery sup-
port services,’’ after ‘‘mentoring,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2121 
(Purpose: To ensure timely and meaningful 
consultation between State educational agencies and Governors in the development of State plans under titles I and II and sec-tion 9302) 
On page 800, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 9115A. CONSULTATION WITH THE GOV-
ERNOR. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections 4001(3), 9114, and 9115, and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9540. CONSULTATION WITH THE GOV-
ERNOR. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State educational 
agency shall consult in a timely and mean-ingful manner with the Governor, or appro-priate officials from the Governor’s office, in the development of State plans under titles I and II and section 9302. 
‘‘(b) T
IMING .—The consultation described 
in subsection (a) shall include meetings of officials from the State educational agency and the Governor’s office and shall occur— 
‘‘(1) during the development of such plan; 
and 
‘‘(2) prior to submission of the plan to the 
Secretary. 
‘‘(c) J
OINT SIGNATURE AUTHORITY .—A Gov-
ernor shall have 30 days prior to the State educational agency submitting the State plan under title I or II or section 9302 to the Secretary to sign such plan. If the Governor has not signed the plan within 30 days of de-livery by the State educational agency to the Governor, the State educational agency shall submit the plan to the Secretary with-out such signature.’’. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 2120, 2099, 2103, 2096, AND 2087  
TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
ask to set aside the pending amend-ment in order to call up the following amendments en bloc as provided for under the previous order and ask that they be reported by number: Warren No. 2120, Brown No. 2099, Manchin No. 2103, Kaine No. 2096, and Feinstein No. 2087. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendments by number. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Washington [Mrs. M UR-
RAY] proposes amendments en bloc numbered 
2120, 2099, 2103, 2096, and 2087 to amendment No. 2089. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2120 
(Purpose: To amend section 1111(d) of the El-
ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 regarding the cross-tabulation of stu-dent data) 
On page 75, strike line 1 and all that fol-
lows through line 4 on page 76 and insert the following: 
‘‘(iii) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Upon re-
quest by a State or local educational agency, the Secretary shall provide technical assist-ance to States and local educational agen-cies in collecting, cross-tabulating, or disaggregating data in order to meet the re-quirements of this paragraph. 
‘‘(C) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Each State 
report card required under this subsection shall include the following information: 
‘‘(i) A clear and concise description of the 
State’s accountability system under sub-section (b)(3), including the goals for all stu-dents and for each of the categories of stu-dents, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), the indicators used in the accountability system to evaluate school performance described in subsection (b)(3)(B), and the weights of the indicators used in the accountability system to evaluate school performance. 
‘‘(ii) Information on student achievement 
on the academic assessments described in 
subsection (b)(2) at each level of achieve-ment, as determined by the State under sub-section (b)(1), for all students and disaggregated and cross-tabulated in accord-ance with the following: 
‘‘(I) Such information shall be 
disaggregated by each category of students described in subsection (b)(2)(B)(xi), home-less status, and status as a child in foster care and, within each category of students described in subsection (b)(2)(B)(xi), cross- tabulated by— 
‘‘(aa) each major racial and ethnic group, 
gender, English proficiency, and children with or without disabilities; and 
‘‘(bb) any other category of students that 
the State chooses to include. 
‘‘(II) The disaggregation or cross-tabula-
tion for a category described in subclause (I) shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in the category is insuffi-cient to yield statistically reliable informa-tion or the results of such disaggregation or cross-tabulation would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
‘‘(iii) For all students and disaggregated by 
each category of students described in sub-section (b)(2)(B)(xi), the percentage of stu-dents assessed and not assessed. 
‘‘(iv)(I) For all students, and disaggregated 
and cross-tabulated in accordance with sub-clauses (II) and (III)— ‘‘(aa) information on the performance on 
the other academic indicator under sub-section (b)(3)(B)(ii)(II)(aa) used by the State in the State accountability system; and 
‘‘(bb) high school graduation rates, includ-
ing 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and, at the State’s discretion, extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates. 
‘‘(II) The information described in sub-
clause (I) shall be disaggregated by each of the categories of students, as defined in sub-section (b)(3)(A), and, within each such disaggregation category, cross-tabulated by— 
‘‘(aa) each major racial and ethnic group, 
gender, English proficiency, and children with or without disabilities; and 
‘‘(bb) any other category of students that 
the State chooses to include. 
‘‘(III) The disaggregation or cross-tabula-
tion for a category described in subclause (II) shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in the category is insuffi-cient to yield statistically reliable informa-tion or the results of such disaggregation or cross-tabulation would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
On page 89, between lines 5 and 6, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(5) C
ROSS-TABULATION PROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(A) C ROSS-TABULATION DATA NOT USED FOR  
ACCOUNTABILITY .—Nothing in this subsection 
shall be construed to require groups of stu-dents obtained by cross-tabulating data under this subsection to be considered cat-egories of students under subsection (b)(3)(A) for purposes of the State accountability sys-tem under subsection (b)(3) or section 1114. 
‘‘(B) C
ROSS-TABULATED DATA IMPLEMENTA -
TION.—Information obtained by cross-tab-
ulating data under this subsection shall be widely accessible to the public in accordance with paragraph (1)(B)(i)(III) and, upon re-quest, by any additional public means that the State determines. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2099 
(Purpose: To amend part A of title IV of the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to allow funds provided under such part to be used for a site resource coordi-nator) 
On page 447, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(X) designating a site resource coordi-
nator at a school or local educational agency to provide a variety of services, such as— 
‘‘(i) establishing partnerships within the 
community to provide resources and support for schools; 
‘‘(ii) ensuring all service and community 
partners are aligned with the academic ex-pectations of a community school in order to improve student success; and 
‘‘(iii) strengthening relationships between 
schools and communities; and 
AMENDMENT NO . 2103 
(Purpose: To enable local educational agen-
cies to use funds under part A of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 for programs and activities that promote volunteerism and community service) 
On page 444, strike line 2 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
school; or 
‘‘(iii) promote volunteerism and commu-
nity service;’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2096 
(Purpose: To add career and technical 
education as a core academic subject) 
On page 759, line 3, insert ‘‘career and tech-
nical education,’’ after ‘‘music,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.017 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4913 July 9, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 2087 
(Purpose: To provide for additional means of 
certifying children, youth, parents, and families as homeless) 
On page 813, line 8, insert before the semi-
colon the following: ‘‘, and provide training on the definitions of terms related to home-lessness specified in sections 103, 401, and 725 to the personnel (including personnel of pre-school and early childhood education pro-grams provided through the local edu-cational agency) and the liaison’’. 
On page 827, strike line 22 and insert the 
following: nator. 
‘‘(E) C
ERTIFYING HOMELESS STATUS .—A 
local educational agency liaison or member of the personnel of a local educational agen-cy who receives training described in sub-section (f)(6) may certify a child or youth who is participating in a program provided by the local educational agency, or a parent or family of such a child or youth, who meets the eligibility requirements of this Act for a program or service authorized under title IV, as eligible for the program or service.’’; and 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Oregon. (The remarks of Mr. W
YDEN per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1740 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2110 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate prior to a vote in rela-tion to amendment No. 2110, offered by the Senator from Montana, Mr. D
AINES , which is subject to a 60-affirm-
ative-vote threshold for adoption. 
The Senator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Madam President, the 
academic partnerships lead us to suc-cess amendment—also called A-PLUS— gives States greater flexibility in allo-cating Federal education funding and ensuring academic achievement. Here 
is what it does. States would be al-lowed to obtain Federal education funding in the form of block grants. States would submit a declaration of intent to the Department of Education to consolidate Federal education pro-grams and funding and redirect sources toward State-directed education re-form initiatives. What this does is allow State and local leaders to exer-cise greater control over the use of Federal education funds to address the needs of local students and target scarce resources to areas of highest need. 
I ask my Senate colleagues to join 
me in empowering our schools to serve their students, not DC Democrats, and support this important amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
this amendment is well-intentioned, unnecessary, won’t pass, and under-mines the bipartisan agreement we reached to try to move in exactly the direction the Senator from Montana suggested. In addition, the House of Representatives rejected it last night. 
I recommend instead that my friends 
who want more local control of the schools vote for our bipartisan agree-ment, which ends the common core mandate, ends waivers in 42 States, re-verses the trend of national school boards, and which, in my opinion, would be the biggest step toward re-storing local control to public schools in the last 25 years. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on a well-inten-
tioned, unnecessary idea which won’t become law and which might help un-dermine the bipartisan proposal that has a very good chance of becoming law. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that the votes following the first vote in this series be 10 minutes in length. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
amendment. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 44, 
nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 226 Leg.] 
YEAS—44 
Ayotte 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman 
Burr Cassidy Coats 
Cornyn Cotton Crapo 
Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Heller Hoeven Inhofe 
Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds 
Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—54 
Alexander 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins Coons Corker Donnelly Durbin Feinstein 
Franken Gillibrand Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
King Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
The Senator from Tennessee. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2120 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
if I could have the attention of Sen-ators, I ask unanimous consent that the order relating to the Warren amendment be vitiated and the amend-ment remain pending while Senator M
URRAY and I work with Senator W AR-
RENon the language in the bill. 
So we won’t be voting on the Warren 
amendment today, but it will remain pending. That leaves votes on two amendments: Senator B
ROWN ’s amend-
ment and Senator T OOMEY ’s amend-
ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2099 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 2099, offered by the Senator from Wash-ington, Mrs. M
URRAY , for Mr. B ROWN . 
The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
know Senator B
ROWN is on his way. 
But I just want to let Senators know that too often our Nation’s students show up to school hungry or lacking adequate school supplies. Many of our teachers, as we know, are really strug-gling to provide students with an edu-cation, while they are also dealing with the compounding problems brought on 
by poverty. 
Site resource coordinators, which 
this amendment addresses, operate through a community school model, are able to bolster the number of re-sources in schools, and increase the number of services offered to students and their families. 
So what this amendment does is that 
it would further that goal by allowing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.008 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4914 July 9, 2015 
title IV funds to be used for site coordi-
nators. 
I thank Senator B ROWN for offering 
this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I remind Senators that this and the next vote are 10-minute votes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time? 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I yield back the 
time. 
Mrs. MURRAY. I yield back the time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, all time is yielded 
back. 
The question occurs on agreeing to 
the amendment. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 98, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 227 Leg.] 
YEAS—98 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch 
Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
King Rubio 
The amendment (No. 2099) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2094, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 2094, as modified, offered by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, Mr. T
OOMEY . 
The Senator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, this 
amendment is really very simple. It is designed to protect children from sex-ual predators. We know we have a prob-lem because every year we arrest hun-dreds of school employees across the country for the sexual abuse of chil-dren who are supposed to be in their care. 
This measure will help that problem 
by a very simple requirement that States pass legislation to prohibit knowingly recommending for hire a teacher who has abused children. This is common sense. 
I am very grateful to my colleagues 
for helping us get here, especially Sen-ator M
ANCHIN . He has been a great 
partner in this effort for a long time now. I want to thank Senator A
LEX-
ANDER and Senator M URRAY for their 
work in helping us find the common ground that could get to a great bipar-tisan solution for a real problem. 
I yield to the Senator from West Vir-
ginia. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, I 
appreciate the hard work Senator T
OOMEY has put in. Our staffs have 
worked together. I wish to thank Chairman A
LEXANDER and Ranking 
Member M URRAY for their hard work 
on this. This young man from West Virginia, Jeremy Bell, was the victim of a crime that was preventable if we had known. We did not know. This per-son who basically was a predator was passed down to West Virginia without West Virginia having any knowledge at all. This will prevent this from hap-pening anywhere in the country. 
I urge all of my colleagues to please 
support this piece of legislation. This amendment is most reasonable. It will protect your children. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I ask for 30 seconds for Senator M
UR-
RAYand me to make a brief comment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I want to thank 
the Senator from Pennsylvania and the Senator from West Virginia for work-ing with Senator M
URRAY and me and 
others to come to a conclusion on this. They feel passionately about it. They have worked hard on it. They deserve credit for that. I am glad to be a co-sponsor of it, and I plan to vote for it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
join with the chairman in thanking the Senators from Pennsylvania and West Virginia and for working with our staffs to create this new version. I think this amendment gets at a real problem by ensuring that suspected abusers do not transfer to other States and districts. It is a positive step. I urge its adoption. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment, as modified. Mr. MANCHIN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 98, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 228 Leg.] 
YEAS—98 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch 
Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
King Rubio 
The amendment (No. 2094), as modi-
fied, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2147 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate, equally divided, prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 2147, offered by the Senator from Ten-nessee, Mr. A
LEXANDER , for Mr. 
PORTMAN . 
The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ator from Virginia be given 1 minute and the Senator from California be given 1 minute to speak prior to the five voice votes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Virginia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2096 
Mr. KAINE. Madam President, I rise 
to speak on amendment No. 2096. 
CTE is a core academic subject. I 
grew up working in my dad’s iron- working and welding shop. I ran a school that taught kids to be car-penters and welders in Honduras many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.022 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4915 July 9, 2015 
years ago, and what I learned is that 
high-quality technical education is an important part of the educational spec-trum. We downgraded it for a number of years, but there is a renaissance now. 
What my amendment would do is it 
would go into the current Federal law and specify that career and technical education programs are core curricula. Originally, English, math, and science were. This bill broadens what is a core curriculum to include computer science and foreign languages. This amendment would make plain that high-quality career and technical edu-cation is a core academic subject. 
I wish to thank Senators A
YOTTE , 
MERKLEY , SCOTT, BALDWIN , and W AR-
NER as cosponsor. I also thank the 
chairman and ranking member for bringing this bipartisan bill to the floor. 
This is commonsense and bipartisan. 
I hope it will pass. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2087 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I rise to speak on amendment No. 2087. It is pretty simple what this amend-ment would do, and I present it on be-half of Senator P
ORTMAN and myself. It 
assures that homeless children have ac-cess to HUD housing. 
Today, we have 1.3 million children 
homeless in this country. In my State, we have 310,000. The problem is getting a clear definition of an individual who is homeless. This bill would allow the appropriate authorities in a school to certify that a youngster is homeless, so we don’t have a conflict between the HUD certification and the school cer-tification. It is long overdue. I believe it will be helpful. I am very hopeful this amendment will pass with a very big vote. 
I thank the Chair, and I thank Sen-
ator P
ORTMAN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. I yield back our re-
maining debate time on the final amendments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All 
Democratic debate time is yielded back. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I yield back all Republican time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is yielded back. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2147 
The question is on agreeing to 
amendment No. 2147. 
The amendment (No. 2147) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2103 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 2103. 
The amendment (No. 2103) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2096 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 2096. The amendment (No. 2096) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2121 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 2121. 
The amendment (No. 2121) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2087 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 2087. 
The amendment (No. 2087) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2079 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 2079. 
The amendment (No. 2079) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the House message accompanying H.R. 1735. 
The Presiding Officer laid before the 
Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the House disagree to the 
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1735) entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activi-ties of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes,’’ and ask a conference with the Senate on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon. 
COMPOUND MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to insist 
upon the Senate amendment, agree to the request by the House for a con-ference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is pending. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture 
motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to insist upon the Senate amendment, agree to the request by the House for a con-ference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees with respect to H.R. 1735. 
Mitch McConnell, John McCain, Richard 
C. Shelby, Jeff Flake, John Barrasso, John Cornyn, Mike Rounds, Jeff Ses-sions, Shelley Moore Capito, Lamar Alexander, Lindsey Graham, Joni Ernst, John Hoeven, Roger F. Wicker, Kelly Ayotte, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis. ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that notwithstanding rule XXVIII, that the time until 1:45 p.m. today be divided between the managers or their designees and that at 1:45 p.m., all postcloture time be expired and that the Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to insist upon the Senate amendment, agree to the request by the House for a con-ference, and authorize the Chair to ap-point conferees with respect to H.R. 1735; further, if the compound motion is agreed to, Senator R
EEDof Rhode Is-
land or his designee be immediately recognized to offer a motion to instruct the conferees; and that there be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided on that motion, and following the disposition of that motion, the Senate resume con-sideration of S. 1177. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Louisiana. 
SANCTUARY CITIES  
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I rise 
to discuss the very significant issue of sanctuary cities. 
Obviously, we have all been startled 
and saddened by the horrific murder in San Francisco that is a direct result of San Francisco’s sanctuary city policy. As a result, I will be filing an amend-ment today on this bill to address sanc-tuary city policy. 
This is not a new idea for me. It is 
not a new issue. I have had legislation on this topic since 2009. I have tried to get the attention of the U.S. Senate and the attention of others on this topic numerous times since then. I have only been able to get one vote on an appropriations bill. Unfortunately, my amendment to try to end sanctuary city policy around the country was ta-bled, with every Democrat, sadly, vot-ing to table the amendment, except my then-Democratic colleague Senator Mary Landrieu. 
I hope the very tragic murder of 
Kathryn Steinle in San Francisco—a wonderful 32-year-old woman—gets all of our attention and causes all of us to focus on this very serious issue. As we all know, her murderer was an illegal alien who was deported five times pre-viously. As we all know, he was an ille-gal alien who was convicted of felonies seven times previously. As we all know, it is because of San Francisco’s sanctuary city law, defying Federal law, that caused local police officials there not to cooperate with U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement offi-cials to hold this dangerous criminal for further deportation proceedings. 
Obviously, there are a lot of things 
wrong with our immigration system that this case illustrates. The fact that he could come back into the country so many times, having been deported, is a 
real red flag. But certainly this also underscores the truly dangerous nature of sanctuary cities policy. 
Unfortunately, San Francisco is not 
alone in promoting this ridiculous pol-icy. There are over 200 cities now that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.025 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4916 July 9, 2015 
defy Federal law and provide this safe 
haven to illegal immigrants, including very dangerous illegal immigrants such as the murderer of Kathryn Steinle. For years, leaders in this city have ar-gued that providing such a sanctuary assists local law enforcement in doing their job. Really? Really? We are going to look at this case in San Francisco and keep up those ridiculous argu-ments? Let’s get real. Let’s call these policies to a halt. They are contrary to existing Federal law, but the problem is we have never put teeth in that ex-isting Federal law. It is absolutely time we did so. 
This horrible murder in San Fran-
cisco isn’t the only one of its kind. Just last week, an 18-year-old girl and her 4-year-old son were found shot and burned in their car. Right now, the top suspect is the woman’s boyfriend, an il-legal immigrant who was deported in 2014, who illegally reentered the coun-try. In my home State of Louisiana, we have identified serious felons who have been released from jail and are now free to roam in Louisiana. We know of these cases. 
Now, I hope this recent incident in 
San Francisco does get some folks’ at-tention. There is hopeful evidence about this. In a statement following the shooting, Hillary Clinton said that any city should listen to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and fully cooperate with their law enforcement and deportation work. Even before the incident in a hearing before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, the Director of Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement Sarah Saldana described the adverse effects of sanctuary city policy. She said that a significant factor affecting efforts to deport illegal immigrants ‘‘has been the increase in state and local jurisdic-tions that are limiting their partner-ship, or wholly refusing to cooperate with ICE immigration enforcement ef-forts. . . . [I]n certain circumstances we believe such a lack of cooperation may increase the risk that dangerous criminals are returned to the streets, putting the public and our officers at greater risk.’’ 
Well, yes, we saw the direct result of 
that dangerous, reckless sanctuary city policy in San Francisco recently. 
Right now there are nearly 170,000 
convicted criminal aliens who have been ordered deported who remain at large in our country. The question for sanctuary cities is, Are they going to continue to protect those people or are they going to finally cooperate with immigration enforcement officials to do something about rounding up those people, not allowing them to roam on our streets? 
We need to change our stance that al-
lows sanctuary cities to get away with being accessories to murder. Let me re-peat that. They are getting away with being accessories to murder, and we need to put an end to that. 
My legislation, first introduced in 
2009, would do that by putting real teeth in Federal law, which does not 
exist now. My amendment on this bill, which I will be filing today, would do that by putting real teeth into Federal law, which does not exist now. We need to take this up and we need to do some-thing to shut down over 200 sanctuary cities around the country that are clearly endangering the lives and well- being of American citizens. 
I urge all of my colleagues to come 
together to support this commonsense policy. We need to act. The tragic events in San Francisco prove that we need to act. 
Six years and waiting on this com-
monsense proposal from me and others is 6 years and waiting way too long. We need to act now. I urge all of our col-leagues to join me and others in doing so. 
Thank you, Madam President. I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). The Senator from Rhode Is-
land. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, as the 
Republican leader indicated pursuant to unanimous consent, I will shortly be offering a motion to instruct conferees on the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act regarding the inap-propriate use of overseas contingency operations funding in this bill. 
The motion to instruct I am offering 
today directs the NDAA conferees to ‘‘insist that the final conference report fully fund the President’s budget re-quest for the Department of Defense, including $534.3 billion in base budget funding and $50.9 billion in Overseas Contingency Operations or OCO budget funding, thereby supporting the bipar-tisan view that the funding caps im-posed by the Budget Control Act of 2011 should be eliminated or increased in proportionally equal amounts for the revised security and nonsecurity spend-ing categories.’’ 
This motion to instruct is consistent 
with the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget request for defense, which as-sumed a resolution to the Budget Con-trol Act, or BCA, dilemma that we have been trying to address. If this BCA situation is resolved, we can re-move the threat of sequestration on both the defense and domestic spend-ing. Unfortunately, the bill had to rely upon a budgetary—and it has been de-scribed by many people—gimmick by transferring $39 billion from the base budget request for enduring military requirements to the OCO budget, leav-ing a base budget that is just below BCA levels in order to avoid triggering sequestration. 
In the absence of a resolution to the 
spending caps in the BCA, the adminis-tration has stated that any legislation that contributes to locking in massive cuts to nondefense departments and agencies—such as this one—will be sub-ject to a veto. 
Now one of my concerns is, when we 
use this device or gimmick this year, it will pave the way to use it next year and the following year and year after that. So we will have this enduring im-
balance between security spending in the Department of Defense and non-security spending in non-Defense De-partment agencies and a full range of governmental spending. Abusing OCO is completely contrary to the intent of BCA. The BCA was designed to impose proportionately equal cuts on defense and nondefense discretionary spending to force a bipartisan compromise. This approach unilaterally reneges on that bipartisan agreement. 
OCO and emergency funding are out-
side the budget caps for a reason. They are for the costs of ongoing military operations and to respond to other un-foreseen events like natural disasters. To suddenly ignore the true purpose of OCO and treat it as a budgetary device or slush fund to skirt the BCA is an un-acceptable use for this important tool for our warfighters. 
Just to highlight how this OCO gim-
mick skews defense spending, consider the amount of OCO in relation to the number of deployed troops. Most Amer-icans have a very commonsense ap-proach. If we have lots of troops en-gaged in operations overseas in Af-ghanistan, Iraq, and elsewhere, then we need lots of OCO funding as well. In 2008—the height of our nation’s troops in Iraq and Afghanistan, over 187,000 troops deployed—we spent approxi-mately $1 million in OCO per troop. Under this bill, we would spend ap-proximately $9 million in OCO for each of our deployed troops in Iraq and Af-ghanistan. 
Simply put, this approach, which cir-
cumvents the spirit of the law, is not fiscally responsible or an honest ac-counting nor is it consistent with the notion of why we created OCO in the first place, to support troops overseas engaged in overseas operations. 
There is another point. True national 
security requires that non-DOD depart-ments and agencies also receive relief from BCA caps. The Pentagon simply cannot meet the complex set of na-tional security challenges without the help of other governmental depart-ments and agencies, including State, Justice, and Homeland Security. In the Armed Services Committee, we heard testimony on the essential role of other government agencies in ensuring our national defense remains strong. The Department of Defense’s share of the burden would surely grow if these agencies are not funded adequately. 
The BCA caps are based on a mis-
nomer that discretionary spending is neatly divided into security and non-security spending. Let’s be clear, essen-tial national security functions are performed by governmental agencies other than the Department of Defense. As retired Marine Corps General Mattis said, ‘‘If you don’t fund the State De-partment fully, then I need to buy more ammunition.’’ 
With regard to the threat from the 
so-called Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, or ISIL, Secretary of Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.027 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4917 July 9, 2015 
Carter told the Armed Services Com-
mittee on Tuesday that ‘‘the State De-partment, the Department of Home-land Security, other agencies that are critical to protecting us against ISIL and other threats, they need resources too. And so that’s another reason why I appeal for an overall budget perspec-tive. . . . I really appeal for that, not just for my own department, but for the rest of the national security estab-lishment, I think it’s critical.’’ 
According to a poll earlier this year, 
83 percent of Americans think ISIL is the No. 1 threat to the United States. It is notable that of the administra-tion’s nine lines of effort to counter ISIL, only two, the security and intel-ligence efforts, reside within the re-sponsibilities of the Department of De-fense and intelligence community. The remaining seven elements for our counter-ISIL strategy rely heavily on our civilian departments and agencies. 
For example, supporting effective 
governance in Iraq. We need our diplo-matic as well as political experts at the State Department to engage with Sunni, Shia, Kurd, and minority com-munities in Iraq to promote reconcili-ation in Iraq and build political unity among the Iraqi people. 
Building partner capacity. The coali-
tion is building the capabilities and ca-pacity of our foreign partners in the re-gion to wage a long-term campaign against ISIL, much of what is being carried out by the State Department and USAID. 
Disrupting ISIL’s finances requires 
the State Department and Treasury Department to work with their foreign partners and the banking sector to en-sure that our counter-ISIL sanctions regime is implemented and enforced. 
Exposing ISIL’s true nature. Our 
strategic communications campaign requires a truly whole-of-government effort, including the State Department, Voice of America, USAID, and others. The Republican approach to funding our strategic communications strategy is a part-of-government plan, not a whole-of-government plan, unless we recognize that we have to make adjust-ments in the BCA caps for every agen-cy in the government. 
Another aspect is disrupting the flow 
of foreign fighters. These foreign fight-ers are the lifeblood of ISIL. Yet the State Department and key components of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity are facing severe cuts, under-mining ongoing work with partner na-tions to disrupt the flow of foreign fighters to Syria and Iraq and to pro-tect our borders here at home. 
The sixth line, protecting the home-
land. The vast majority of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security falls under nonsecurity BCA caps. This further demonstrates that the Republican plan is a misnomer, a gimmick, and an ef-fort to play a game of smoke and mir-rors with the American people. They are very critical to our security here at home. Yet they are in that ‘‘non-defense’’ part of the budget. Humanitarian support is critical. It 
is even more critical as you look at the papers and see there is a huge number of people coming out of Syria. Military commanders will routinely tell you that the efforts of the State Depart-ment, USAID, the Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance is critical to our campaign, none of which are considered security activities under the Budget Control Act. 
Taken together, this proposal, which 
is embedded in the underlying legisla-tion, could compromise our broader campaign against ISIL and deprive sig-nificant elements of our government of the resources we need to do the job of protecting the American people. 
In another respect, adding funds to 
OCO does not solve and sometimes complicates the DOD’s budgetary prob-lems. Defense budgeting needs to be based on our long-term military strat-egy, which requires the DOD to focus at least 5 years into the future. A 1- year plus-up to OCO does not provide DOD with the certainty and stability it needs when building its 5-year budget. As General Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, testified, ‘‘We need to fix the base budget . . . we won’t have the certainty we need’’ if there is a year- by-year OCO fix. 
On Tuesday, Secretary of Defense 
Carter told the Armed Services Com-mittee, ‘‘It’s embarrassing that we can-not, in successive years now, pull our-selves together before an overall budg-et approach that allows us to do what we need to do, which is . . . program in a multiyear manner, not in a one-year- at-a-time manner.’’ 
Abuse of OCO in this massive way 
risks undermining support for a crit-ical mechanism used to fund the in-creased costs of overseas conflicts. We have to have a disciplined system for estimating the cost and funding the employment of a trained and ready force. 
The men and women of our military 
volunteer to protect and are overseas fighting for American ideals, including good education, economic opportunity, and safe communities. Efforts to sup-port all of these goals will be hampered unless civilian departments and agen-cies also receive relief from BCA caps. 
Our young men and women who are 
sacrificing their lives overseas, not just to defeat the enemy in the field but to give opportunity for hope and a chance here at home for their brothers and sis-ters, for their aunts and uncles. Our servicemembers and their families rely on many of the services provided by non-DOD departments, including vet-erans employment services, transition assistance, housing and homeless sup-port provided by various civilian de-partments and agencies, impact aid to local school districts administered by the Department of Education, the school lunch program provided by the Department of Agriculture, lifesaving medical research on issues such as traumatic brain injury, post-traumatic stress, and suicide prevention, sup-ported by the National Institutes of 
Health, health care for retirees and dis-abled individuals under Medicare, Med-icaid services for parents, including military parents and children with spe-cial needs. All of these programs that benefit directly men and women in uni-form and their families would be re-stricted, and I don’t think that is why they are risking their lives, to see these programs that are helpful to them unnecessarily cut back. 
Our national security is also inher-
ently tied to our economic security. The President underscored this point on Monday when he said: 
The reason we have the best military in 
the world is, first and foremost, because we have got the best troops in history, but it’s also because we’ve got a strong economy and we’ve got a well-educated population and we’ve got an incredible research operation and universities that allow us to create new products that then can be translated into our military superiority around the world. We shortchange those, we’re going to be less secure. 
The NDAA has been accused of not 
being a funding bill. So we don’t have to worry about the budgetary com-plications. But indeed we do. The stat-ed purpose of the bill is to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities for the Department of Defense. It is one of the few bills we do every year to directly authorize ap-propriations. So it is intimately tied to the appropriations, to BCA, and to all of the issues I have talked about. 
Indeed, we have said—and the com-
mittee has said repeatedly—that we are authorizing money. It is not just suggesting things to do but actually providing real money to the Depart-ment of Defense. If we do that, I think we have to do it in a way that does not use this OCO exception this year—and, unfortunately, in the years to come, if we let it happen this year—but that we are transparent, clear, and we put the money in the base budget and we move forward. 
I think it is clearly within the scope 
of the conference. That is why I will be offering this motion to instruct. Every-one I talk to, on both sides of the aisle, with very rare exception, will make an individual strident pitch that we have to fix BCA, that this is not the best ap-proach. I heard that this morning when we had General Dunford before the committee—on both sides of the aisle: These BCA caps are not the right way to fund our national defense and not the right way to fund other elements of government. 
We can disagree on funding levels, 
but there seems to be a strong con-sensus that the BCA is not working for the benefit of the American people and we have to fix it. Yet we are not fixing it in the legislation that is before us nor are we doing things to help lever-age such a discussion and to help us to come together to do what we all claim we want to do, which is to remove those arbitrary caps, avoid sequestra-tion, and contribute to a whole-govern-ment approach—not just to national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.029 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4918 July 9, 2015 
security but to economic prosperity, to 
educational opportunity. All of that has to be done not by using these budg-etary loopholes not designed for the purpose they are being used for but by sitting down and coming up with sen-sible legislation. 
We did it before with the great work 
of Senator M
URRAY and Congressman 
PAULRYAN, and we have to do it again. 
So I will urge my colleagues to vote in favor, obviously, when this comes up— this motion to instruct—so we send the right message to our conference. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
Mr. COATS. May I ask, is the Senate 
in morning business? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is on the message to accompany H.R. 1735. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I 
come down here every week, as the Presiding Officer knows. She is usually in the chair when I am here, listening to my ‘‘Waste of the Week’’. I am a lit-tle bit later this week than I normally am. But the issue of waste, fraud, and abuse in the Federal Government con-tinues. We have covered a lot of ground on serious issues such as tax fraud and misplaced death records, to the more absurd, such as the federally funded rabbit massages and marketing support for pumpkin doughnuts. Each of those has a pricetag. That pricetag is paid for by the American taxpayer. 
I am happy today to be able to an-
nounce that one of the items which I highlighted in a previous ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ speech has been addressed. In May, my 11th ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ speech examined ways to improve com-pliance measures for higher education tax benefits. I outlined how Congress can fix this problem to achieve $576 million in taxpayer savings. 
So that is a former ‘‘Waste of the 
Week’’. It is a great benefit to univer-sities, colleges, and educational insti-tutions across the country because pre-vious laws required them to provide in-formation even when those applying for the particular aid refused to pro-vide certain information. It created a nightmare of paperwork and a night-mare of compliance for those colleges and universities. 
So that provision that we brought 
forward was incorporated into law that has now been passed, signed by the President, and is operative. We not only have saved the taxpayer $576 mil-lion, but we have provided universities relief from an unnecessary procedure that consumed an extraordinary amount of time. 
Today I want to talk about software 
licenses. The Federal Government needs to purchase literally millions of these licenses. In order to get the IT, the information technology, working 
right you have to have the right equip-ment. In fact, the government spent $80 billion last year on information tech-nology, including these software li-censes. 
Now, the Office of Management and 
Budget and the 24 Federal agencies that are covered by the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990 have very key roles and responsibilities for overseeing IT investment management. Federal law places responsibility for managing in-vestment with the heads of these agen-cies and establishes chief information officers to advise and assist agency heads in carrying out this responsi-bility. 
Now, there are two Executive orders 
that have been issued that provide in-formation for these Federal agencies regarding the management of how they go about procuring and managing these software licenses. Executive Order No. 13103 specifies that agencies must adopt procedures to ensure that they are not using this computer software in violation of copyright laws. 
Additionally, Executive Order No. 
13589 states that agencies must ensure that they are not paying for unused or underutilized IT equipment, software, and services. 
Now, the Government Accountability 
Office has conducted a study, an eval-uation of how well this is being man-aged and implemented. What they found is that in many, many cases it is not happening. Specifically, the Gov-ernment Accountability Office found that the Office of Management and Budget and the vast majority of Fed-eral agencies lacked adequate policies for managing their software licenses. Of the 24 major Federal agencies that I mentioned before, only 2—only 2 out of 24—had comprehensive policies that in-cluded the establishment of clear roles and central oversight authority by managing enterprise software license agreements. 
Only 2 out of 24 have lived up to their 
requirement to manage in the way that these executive orders have ordered. An additional 18 agencies had some type of policy in place, but the Govern-ment Accountability Office determined that this simply was not comprehen-sive enough and effective enough. Four agencies were found to have no policy at all. They totally ignored the man-dates of the executive orders. 
So these weaknesses in the system 
result from principally a lack of pri-ority in establishing software license management. Now, this is kind of a technical thing. I certainly admit that I am not fully comprehensive in terms of how all of this IT stuff needs to work. But we hire people who are tal-ented and have the skills necessary to oversee this kind of management. Now, the key here is that the result of not effectively managing this has racked up a cost estimated at $10 billion over a 10-year period of time. 
So this is just complying with the ex-
ecutive orders, complying with the pro-cedures that are done by every business 
in America. But the Federal Govern-ment has not complied with the nec-essary steps to achieve the right kind of management and oversight, and that is costing the taxpayer up to $10 bil-lion. So today we add more to our ever- increasing amount of waste, fraud, and abuse that has been found within the Federal system, and we are moving to-ward our goal of $100 billion. 
There will be more ‘‘Wastes of the 
Week’’ in the future. We hope to reach that $100 billion before we leave here for the August recess, with 3 more weeks before that happens. We are way ahead of schedule. We had hoped to reach the $100 billion by the end of this Congress. But we have determined and found so many examples of waste, fraud, and abuse, that our gauge is climbing much faster than we thought it would. 
Look, we have major fiscal problems 
in this country. It is going to take major decisions relative to how we structure how we spend taxpayers’ money. We have had numerous efforts to deal with this in a macro way. All of those have come up short. While I was engaged in all of that before, I have turned my attention to this: Let’s see 
at least if we cannot find savings for the taxpayer in the areas of waste, fraud, and abuse, and document it. 
I am pleased, as I said at the begin-
ning of my remarks, that one of those has just been implemented, saving the taxpayers $576 million and saving our colleges and universities and institu-tions of higher education from a night-mare of paperwork and compliance re-quirements that they will no longer have to engage in. So we will continue. We will do serious issues. We will look at some absurd things that cause peo-ple to say: Why in the world would we ever spend that money in the first place? It is just not responsible leader-ship and governing. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the remaining time under the current order be divided equally between both sides. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the manda-tory quorum call with respect to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.031 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4919 July 9, 2015 
compound motion to go to conference 
on H.R. 1735 be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Madam President, in 
just a few minutes, we are going to take a vote on a motion to instruct the conferees on the National Defense Au-thorization Act that would then basi-cally—if these instructions were agreed to, would actually repeal the Budget Control Act passed by the Senate. It would be a direct repudiation of what— after many hours of debate, some amendments that were passed by the Senate and would, on an authorization bill, require budgetary and fiscal meas-ures which are totally inappropriate. 
Basically, the problem that my 
friends on the other side of the aisle have is that they want equal reduc-tions. They want restoration of funding for both nondefense and defense that is forced by the Budget Control Act. 
This legislation that is before the 
body, which is authorized according to the Budget Control Act—and if the in-structions to the conferees were en-acted, which is before the body now, that somehow we would then be able to repudiate the Budget Control Act which was passed and we would also be dealing with funding which has nothing to do with the authorization bill. 
So my friends on the other side of the 
aisle have a problem with OCO—the overseas contingency operations—but they are trying to change it on an au-thorization bill. I wish my dear friends would look at the rules of the Senate. If they have a problem with funding, that is what the appropriations bills are all about. 
I urge my colleagues to reject what is 
obviously an unworkable and unreal-istic approach to a problem that I agree is a problem. Sequestration is harming our ability to defend this Na-tion. But in order to defend the Budget Act—to change the budget that was passed by a majority and now is part of what guided our appropriations bills— that is where their problems should lie. 
I urge my colleagues to reject these 
instructions to the conferees which would basically—I do not see a way that we could possibly confer with the House after passing these kinds of in-structions. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on Mr. R
EED’s motion to instruct the con-
ferees concerning H.R. 1735. Basically, we would have to take approximately $38 billion worth of authorization out of the authorization bill. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
And I say to my friend and colleague, 
the Senator from Rhode Island, whom I respect and admire and whose friend-ship I value, on this issue we simply disagree. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
has expired. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays 
before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to insist upon the Senate amendment, agree to the request by the House for a con-ference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees with respect to H.R. 1735. 
Mitch McConnell, John McCain, Richard 
C. Shelby, Jeff Flake, John Barrasso, John Cornyn, Mike Rounds, Jeff Ses-sions, Shelley Moore Capito, Lamar Alexander, Lindsey Graham, Joni Ernst, John Hoeven, Roger F. Wicker, Kelly Ayotte, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to insist upon the Senate amendment, agree to the request by the House for a conference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees with re-spect to H.R. 1735 shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and the Sen-
ator from Nebraska (Mr. S ASSE). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S ASSE) 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) is nec-
essarily absent. 
I further announce that, if present 
and voting, the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) would vote ‘‘yea.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HOEVEN ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 81, 
nays 15, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 229 Leg.] 
YEAS—81 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Boxer Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi 
Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Lee McCain McCaskill McConnell Mikulski Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—15 
Booker Brown Cruz 
Franken Gillibrand 
Leahy Manchin 
Markey Menendez Merkley 
Paul Reid Sanders 
Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
King Moran Rubio 
Sasse 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 81, the nays are 15. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
COMPOUND MOTION  
The question now occurs on agreeing 
to the motion to insist upon the Senate amendment, agree to the request by the House for a conference, and author-ize the Chair to appoint conferees with respect to H.R. 1735. 
The motion is not debatable. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT CONFEREES  
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I have a 
motion to instruct conferees which is at the desk, and I ask for its consider-ation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. R EED] 
moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on H.R. 1735 (the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016) be instructed to insist that the final conference report fully fund the Presi-dent’s budget request for the Department of Defense, including $534.3 billion in base budg-et funding and $50.9 billion in Overseas Con-tingency Operations budget funding, thereby supporting the bipartisan view that the fund-ing caps imposed by the Budget Control Act of 2011 should be eliminated or increased in proportionally equal amounts for the revised security and non-security spending cat-egories. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
2 minutes of debate equally divided on the motion. 
The Senator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, this mo-
tion represents what we have heard from the Secretary of Defense and all of our uniformed leaders in the mili-tary who are saying that we should budget appropriately, put long-term defense needs in the base budget—$534 billion—and reserve OCO for what it was intended to be—overseas oper-ations. But because of the Budget Con-trol Act, we are using OCO as the de-vice to avoid real budgeting and giving the Department of Defense the real long-term resources it needs. 
Not only does this represent what the 
Department of Defense desires, but it also represents what we need to defend the American people. We need more than just the Department of Defense. We need Homeland Security. We need the State Department. We need Treas-ury. We need everyone to defend this country. 
This approach would begin the dis-
cussion and debate, I hope, to get relief from the BCA to move forward and to deal with the threats facing this coun-try in a rational, logical way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.033 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4920 July 9, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I would ask 
my colleagues to oppose this motion. We have had this discussion a number of times. This defeats the budget, and this isn’t the appropriate place to re-hash this or to try to do something dif-ferent. Everything we have been work-ing on has been based on this principle. Incidentally, those budget caps were signed by the President of the United States and said this was an allowable use without breaking the caps and causing sequester. 
So we can fund defense, and defense 
needs to be defended and funded, and it will be under the principles that we have right now, and we can work on other methods as we work on this and other budgets. So I ask that we vote against this and not put this extra bur-den on the committee that doesn’t really have the jurisdiction to do all that is being requested in this motion. We voted it down before. Let’s vote it down again. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion to instruct conferees. 
Mr. CARDIN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator 
from Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ), and the Sen-
ator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) is nec-
essarily absent. 
I further announce that, if present 
and voting, the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) would vote ‘‘yea.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 44, 
nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 230 Leg.] 
YEAS—44 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran 
Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson 
Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Murkowski Paul Perdue 
Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby 
Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—4 
Crapo 
King Moran 
Rubio 
The motion was rejected. 
The Presiding Officer appointed Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
WICKER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. 
COTTON , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. 
REED, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. 
HIRONO , and Mr. K AINE conferees on the 
part of the Senate. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT OF 
2015—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
rise today to talk about the important bill before us today, the Every Child Achieves Act, which reauthorizes the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and fixes No Child Left Behind. 
I also rise today to talk about the re-
authorization of the Export-Import Bank, which is also a very important matter for our country. 
I thank Senators A
LEXANDER and 
MURRAY for their great leadership in 
crafting a bipartisan bill that makes critical updates to No Child Left Be-hind that will help ensure that all stu-dents receive a quality education. They worked together from the very begin-ning on this important bill, and I think the results show how important it is. 
I come to the floor to talk about 
three amendments in this bill. The Pre-siding Officer is a cosponsor on one of the amendments, which is about STEM education. I think we all know that in today’s global economy, education is key to our economic prosperity. The Senator from North Dakota under-stands that because our two States, North Dakota and Minnesota, have some of the lowest unemployment rates in the country. We have exciting economies with technological jobs to fill. We are two States that make and invent products which we then export to the world. To keep doing that, America’s next generation of innovators will have to be highly trained and highly skilled. We cer-tainly see this in my State. According to the Minnesota High Tech Associa-tion, Minnesota will be home to nearly 200,000 technology jobs in the next dec-ade. Part of this is getting young peo-ple engaged at an early age. 
Today’s high school students aren’t 
just competing against students in Mil-waukee and Miami, they are competing against students in Munich and Mumbai. If America is going to keep its spot atop the world’s high-tech hi-erarchy, students in our country must receive the best training and education we can provide. That is why Senator 
H
OEVEN and I are working to increase 
the emphasis on STEM education. 
The Klobuchar-Hoeven amendment, 
modeled after our Innovate America Act, will expand STEM opportunities for more students by allowing school districts to use existing Federal STEM funding to create STEM specialty schools or to enhance existing STEM programs within the schools. Our pro-vision will also ensure that the Depart-ment of Education is aligning STEM programs and resources with the needs of school districts and teachers. I un-derstand that it is in the managers’ package, and I thank the two leaders for that. 
The second amendment is the im-
proving teacher and principal reten-tion. The Every Child Achieves Act in-cludes important reforms to improve the quality of education for students in Indian Country. One challenge that schools serving Native Americans con-tinue to confront is the high rate of teacher and principal turnover and the instability it causes. Turnover hurts school districts with the added cost of rehiring and retraining, and it hurts kids as teachers come and go. 
One way to decrease teacher and 
principal turnover is to boost the pro-fessional development these teachers receive. Inadequate professional devel-opment and the lack of ongoing sup-port are some of the key reasons why some of our best teachers are leaving. That is why Senator M
URKOWSKI of 
Alaska and I have been pushing a pro-vision to improve teacher and principal retention in schools serving American Indian and Alaska Native students. Specifically, our amendment adds men-toring and teacher support programs, including instructional support from tribal elders and cultural experts, to improve the professional development that teachers and principals in Indian schools receive. This is also in the managers’ package, and we appreciate that. 
The next amendment deals with 
chronic absenteeism. We know stu-dents can’t learn if they are not in school. When I was a prosecutor in Hennepin County, I developed a major truancy initiative to keep kids in school and out of the courtroom. My office worked closely with local schools on a faster, more effective response to truancy problems. That is why my pro-vision in the Every Child Achieves Acts will provide professional development and training to schools to help ensure that teachers, principals, and other school leaders have the knowledge and skills necessary to address issues re-lated to chronic absenteeism. 
Truancy is sometimes called the kin-
dergarten of crime because it is truly an early risk factor. I still remember looking at the files of serious juvenile offenders—ones who committed homi-cide and the like—and I realized the first indication that there was a real problem was truancy. It doesn’t just hit in high school; it actually usually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.038 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4921 July 9, 2015 
hits in sixth and seventh grade. The 
more we can do to put a focus on this, the better off we will be not only for public safety but, of course, for the kids’ lives. 
I again thank Senator M
URRAY and 
Senator A LEXANDER for their tremen-
dous work on this bill. 
EXPORT -IMPORT BANK  
Mr. President, the other issue, which 
is somewhat related, as we look at pre-paring kids for the current economy and the century we are in, is about jobs. It is about moving our economy along. Part of that is making sure we can compete globally not only with education efforts, which is what we are doing this week, but also with financ-ing. 
There are over eighty export-import- 
type banks in developed nations. Chi-na’s bank currently funds things at nearly four times the amount that the Unites States does. Yet we are seri-ously now allowing the Export-Import Bank to lapse, and I strongly support reauthorizing the Bank. 
I want to thank all of those involved, 
including Senators C
ANTWELL , K IRK, 
HEITKAMP , and G RAHAM , for their 
strong and impassioned leadership on this issue. I also wish to thank all of my colleagues who have spoken about the importance of this Bank. 
Yesterday, a few of us met with the 
President and senior White House offi-cials to discuss the importance of reau-thorizing the Export-Import Bank. America needs to be, as I said, a coun-try that thinks, that invents, that builds things, and that exports to na-tions. That means the bill we are work-ing on this week, but it also means the financing so those businesses can keep going. 
We had a vote here, as we all know, 
and 65 Senators supported reauthor-izing the Ex-Im Bank, and in the House, 60 Republicans are cosponsoring a bill to do the same. We should get it done. We know that when 95 percent of the world’s customers live outside of our borders, there is literally a world of opportunity out there for U.S. busi-nesses. We all know that isn’t just about Mexico and Canada. It is about the rest of the world, including Asia and the emerging economies in Africa. We can just go all over the world to see opportunities. 
In my own State of Minnesota, the 
Ex-Im Bank has supported $2 billion in exports and helped over 170 companies in the last 5 years alone. Every single year, as the Presiding Officer knows, I have been to all 87 counties in Min-nesota so I am able to see firsthand these businesses. I may not be going there to talk about Ex-Im. I have rare-ly done that, although we have had a few Ex-Im events. I am so surprised when I go to businesses and they say: We have actually grown our exports to 15 percent or it is now 20 percent of our business, and we went to Ex-Im and got financing, and we went to the Foreign Commercial Service and got help. What we are really hurting by letting this lapse and not reauthorizing it are the 
small businesses. 
In my State, 170 businesses used the 
services of Ex-Im in the last five years. They don’t have an expert on Kazakhstan. They don’t have a bank down the street in a small town of 3,000 people that is able to explain to them how to get that kind of financing. They rely on the expertise of Ex-Im and, most importantly, they rely on the credit of Ex-Im. 
Look at this: Balzar, in Mountain 
Lake, MN, population of 2,000. As the Presiding Officer knows, we don’t have many mountains in Minnesota, but we have a lot of lakes. So we call it Moun-tain Lake. This is a small business—74 people in a town of 2,000—that has re-lied on Ex-Im in the past decade to help export its products. Their exports have grown to about 15 percent of their total sales. They export from Canada to Kazakhstan, from Japan to Aus-tralia. They are exporting to South Af-rica. 
Ralco, a small animal feed manufac-
turer in Marshall, is a third-generation family business with distribution to over 20 countries around the world. 
Superior Industries in Morris, MN, is 
a manufacturer of bulk material proc-essing and handling systems. There are 5,000 people in the town, and 500 people in Morris are employed at this com-pany. That would be 10 percent of the town. Thanks to the Ex-Im Bank, they are able to export to Canada, Aus-tralia, Russia, Argentina, Chile, Uru-guay, and Brazil. 
We know this is necessary for small 
businesses. We know this is important for our country to be on an even play-ing field. We don’t want China to eat our lunch, but if we continue along this way and become the only developed Na-tion that doesn’t have financing au-thority such as this, we will let them eat our lunch. 
At the end of last month when the 
Ex-Im Bank expired, there were nearly 200 transactions totaling nearly $9 bil-lion in financing pending, and many businesses—90 percent of which are small businesses—are no longer able to use their export credit and insurance to its full extent. I have already talked to businesses that literally have been told: When we were trying to make a deal, our competitors on the other side that were trying to make the next deal said: They are not going to get financ-ing. That country let their Ex-Im Bank expire. Go to a business from this coun-try. Take our business because you know we have steady financing. 
This cannot continue. This is why this is a major priority of 
the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, a major priority for small business orga-nizations around the country, and a major priority, most importantly, for the workers that work at these compa-nies. 
It is critical to move forward. We 
must reauthorize the Export-Import Bank and make sure our exporters are competing on a level playing field in this global market. We do it with edu-
cation, thanks to the good work of Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M UR-
RAY, but we also do it by making sure 
that our businesses have the financing tools they need to succeed. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Ex-Im Bank and reauthorize this crit-ical agency as soon as possible. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Minnesota for her contributions to the legislation we are working on. She has been very fo-cused on STEM education and has found creative ways to encourage that, and I thank her for it. 
We are hoping within a few minutes 
to be able to agree by consent to a few bills and call up a few others. So what I would say to the Senator from Arkan-sas, through the Chair, is if he wouldn’t mind going ahead with his remarks and, perhaps, if we are able to, I may ask him to yield for 60 seconds and allow us to do that and proceed with a unanimous consent request. But I don’t want to delay the Senator any further with moving ahead with his remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
SANCTUARY CITIES  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, there 
are certain policies that should not be controversial. It should not be con-troversial to expect that the laws of this Nation be enforced—equally, fair-ly, and fully. It should not be con-troversial to expect local city govern-ments to refrain from actively frus-trating the enforcement of Federal law. It should not be controversial to say that an illegal immigrant and repeat felon who has been deported multiple times should not be set free to again threaten law-abiding Americans, much less be in possession of a weapon. 
But in our current debate about im-
migration, these ideas are indeed con-troversial when, in fact, they should be matters of simple common sense. 
I acknowledge that reasonable people 
can and do differ on issues such as bor-der security and enforcement and the status of illegal immigrants present in our Nation. But we should not disagree about the importance of the rule of law and the need to protect the safety of the American people. That is why I have introduced an amendment that will withhold Federal immigration and law enforcement funds from any State or city that declares itself a sanctuary for illegal immigrants. If a city directs its law enforcement officers to frus-trate Federal immigration law, it should not expect U.S. taxpayers to un-derwrite that effort. 
Last week, a young woman, Kate 
Steinle, was murdered on a San Fran-cisco pier popular with tourists while walking with her father. It was appar-ently a random crime, one committed by an illegal immigrant—Juan Fran-cisco Lopez-Sanchez—with a long rap 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.044 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4922 July 9, 2015 
sheet. Lopez-Sanchez was in the United 
States despite having been deported five times previously, and he should have been deported a sixth time. Ear-lier this year, Lopez-Sanchez was in custody of Federal immigration au-thorities after he finished a Federal prison sentence, and was awaiting de-portation after being designated an ‘‘enforcement priority.’’ Federal au-thorities handed him over to San Fran-cisco first so he could face outstanding drug charges and requested that they be notified if San Francisco planned to release him. 
San Francisco did in fact release him 
in April after dropping charges, but it never notified anyone. The city’s gov-ernment simply allowed Lopez-Sanchez to walk free. This is because San Fran-cisco has proudly deemed itself a sanc-tuary city. It has passed city ordi-nances barring its officers from assist-ing the enforcement of immigration law, freeing itself of the most basic re-sponsibility to cooperate with Federal immigration authorities to keep dan-gerous criminals off the streets and out of the country. Indeed, Lopez-Sanchez has admitted that he goes to San Fran-cisco because it is a sanctuary city. 
This is an outrage to anyone who re-
spects law and order. One might think that it would draw a strong reaction from the Obama administration. The administration, after all, has unequivo-cally declared that the Constitution and our laws do ‘‘not permit the States to adopt their own immigration pro-grams and policies, or to set them-selves up as rival decisionmakers based on disagreement with the focus and scope of Federal enforcement.’’ That is a direct quote from the administra-tion’s legal brief to the Supreme Court arguing against an Arizona law de-signed to help Federal officers enforce immigration laws. One would think the administration would be at least as tough on sanctuary city laws that openly flout Federal immigration poli-cies and endanger law-abiding citizens. Yet the administration has enabled— even encouraged—these sanctuary cit-ies for years. 
Americans have a right to expect 
that governments at the local, State, and national level will carry out their most basic duty to enforce the law and protect public safety. We should all be able to agree that a family enjoying a public space such as San Francisco’s piers should not have to fear being shot dead. We should all be able to agree that criminals who should be deported under our laws should not be set free with impunity. 
There should be no sanctuary for 
hardened criminals in this country. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, Nevada is 
one of the largest States in the coun-try—the 7th largest, to be exact—but we have just 17 school districts. By contrast, California, has over 1,000 school districts. 
Among our 17 Nevada districts is the 
Clark County School District with over 300,000 students. It’s the Nation’s fifth 
largest district—where two-thirds of the students are minorities, and one- in-five students is an English-language learner. 
For the past decade, Clark County 
School District has been one of the fastest growing districts in the Nation. In some years, Clark County was open-ing a new school every month to keep up with the growth. 
But northwest of Las Vegas and 
Clark County is another one of our 17 districts—vast, rural Esmeralda Coun-ty. Esmeralda County School District is huge, in terms of land. It covers al-most 3,600 square miles, but has just four schools and about 80 students. And Esmeralda County is not unique in Ne-vada. There are other rural school dis-tricts in the State with schools that still have one teacher instructing mul-tiple grades—much like the school I at-tended as a boy. 
This diversity of Nevada’s school dis-
tricts makes the State a microcosm of our Nation. So I understand the issues that overcrowded, urban schools face; and I understand the challenges that rural schools must confront. More im-portantly, I understand that in order to improve education at every school in America, we need a comprehensive ap-proach. 
The reauthorization of the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act that is before the Senate is a step in the right direction. This reauthorization has been a long time coming. 
Congress last reauthorized ESEA 
with passage of the No Child Left Be-hind Act in 2001. That expired in 2007. Despite serious efforts to pass a reau-thorization in 2011 and 2013 under former Senator Tom Harkin’s leader-ship, we were not able to overcome real policy disagreements on the best way forward. But thanks to the hard and determined work of the chairman and ranking member of the Senate HELP Committee, we are able to begin work on the bipartisan Every Child Achieves Act. 
I know it was not easy for the senior 
Senator from Washington or the senior Senator from Tennessee. I appreciate their efforts. Because of their work, al-most 14 years after the last reauthor-ization, and 8 years after it expired, we finally have a bipartisan bill to strengthen our Nation’s schools. 
I have many concerns with current 
Federal education law. It has caused schools to spend too much time testing and preparing for tests. It has led many schools and districts to reduce or eliminate many subjects—such as so-cial studies, music, the arts, and phys-ical education—that are important parts of a well-rounded education. It has led to too many schools—many making real gains in student achieve-ment—to be labeled as failing. 
Despite these real flaws that need to 
be corrected, there are some aspects of current law we need to keep and im-prove upon. Schools, districts, and States must now make sure all stu-dents—including those with disabil-
ities, or those not proficient in English—are making progress. We also have seen real gains in student achievement. Our Nation’s high school graduation rate is the highest it has ever been and the achievement gap be-tween minority students and white stu-dents is narrowing. 
This bipartisan bill does build off 
some of these successes and addresses many of the flaws in current law. It maintains annual testing require-ments, but includes provisions to con-solidate tests—helping reduce the num-ber of tests and amount of time stu-dents spend taking tests. It continues to require student achievement to be reported by groups of children, includ-ing by income, race, English-language proficiency, and for students with dis-abilities. It makes early childhood edu-cation a priority, with a new grant to improve early childhood education ac-cess and quality for low- and moderate- income families. It makes important changes to a grant program to help our lowest-performing schools. Most nota-bly, this bipartisan agreement also does not include many of the proposals included in earlier draft bills that would dilute the effectiveness of title I dollars or allow States to reduce their support for education. 
This bill is an important first step in 
strengthening our Nation’s schools and ensuring that our children have a world class education. And it is a true compromise—with both sides making concessions to move forward. 
We all agreed that improvements 
needed to be made to our country’s education laws. Although Democrats and Republicans have vastly different approaches, through compromise, Sen-ators M
URRAY and A LEXANDER were 
able to craft a balanced bill. 
That is not to say that this bill is 
perfect. We still have work to do. I know that many Senators will have ideas for improving this legislation. I, for one, think we can do more to en-sure that our lowest-performing schools make progress, or that we can do more to address schools with per-sistently low graduation rates. I be-lieve we can do more to expand early learning opportunities and to do more to protect students from bullying. I will also strongly oppose efforts to weaken public schools through voucher programs. 
I look forward to a substantive de-
bate on this important bill. After all, helping to ensure that every American child gets a quality education could be among the most important things that the Senate will do during this Con-gress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Tennessee. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 2083, 2092, 2108, 2119, 2131, AND 
2138 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
Senator M URRAY and this Senator have 
a small package of amendments that have been cleared by both sides. I ask unanimous consent that the following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.053 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4923 July 9, 2015 
amendments be called up, reported by 
number, and agreed to en bloc: Gardner No. 2083, McCaskill No. 2092, Gillibrand No. 2108, Gardner No. 2119, Casey No. 2131, and Klobuchar No. 2138. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the amend-
ments en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ], for others, proposes amendments 
numbered 2083, 2092, 2108, 2119, 2131, and 2138 to amendment No. 2089. 
The amendments (Nos. 2083, 2092, 
2108, 2119, 2131, and 2138) were agreed to, as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2083 
(Purpose: To enable local educational agen-
cies to use funds under part A of title I for dual or concurrent enrollment programs at eligible schools) 
On page 145, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(e) U
SE FOR DUAL OR CONCURRENT ENROLL -
MENT PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency carrying out a schoolwide program or a targeted assistance school program under subsection (c) or (d) in a high school may use funds received under this part— 
‘‘(A) to carry out— ‘‘(i) dual or concurrent enrollment pro-
grams for high school students, through which the students are enrolled in the high school and in postsecondary courses at an in-stitution of higher education; or 
‘‘(ii) programs that allow a student to con-
tinue in a dual or concurrent enrollment pro-gram at a high school for the school year fol-lowing the student’s completion of grade 12; or 
‘‘(B) to provide training for teachers, and 
joint professional development for teachers in collaboration with career and technical educators and educators from institutions of higher education where appropriate, for the purpose of integrating rigorous academics in dual or concurrent enrollment programs. 
‘‘(2) F
LEXIBILITY OF FUNDS .—A local edu-
cational agency using funds received under this part for a dual or concurrent program described in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1)(A) may use such funds for any of the costs associated with such program, including the costs of— 
‘‘(A) tuition and fees, books, and required 
instructional materials for such program; and 
‘‘(B) transportation to and from such pro-
gram. 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to impose on any State any requirement or rule regard-ing dual or concurrent enrollment programs that is inconsistent with State law. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2092 
(Purpose: Enabling States, as a consortium, 
to use certain grant funds to voluntarily develop a process that allows teachers who are licensed or certified in a participating State to teach in other participating States) 
On page 284, between lines 11 and 12, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(xxi) Enabling States, as a consortium, to 
voluntarily develop a process that allows teachers who are licensed or certified in a participating State to teach in other partici-pating States without completing additional licensure or certification requirements, ex-cept that nothing in this clause shall be con-strued to allow the Secretary to exercise any direction, supervision, or control over State 
teacher licensing or certification require-ments. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2108 
(Purpose: To amend the program under part 
E of title II to ensure increased access to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics subject fields for underrep-resented students, and for other purposes) 
On page 369, strike lines 1 and 2 and insert 
the following: 
‘‘(2) improving student engagement in, and 
increasing student access to, such subjects, including for students from groups underrep-resented in such subjects, such as female stu-dents, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and economically disadvantaged students; 
Beginning on page 374, strike lines 17 
through 22 and insert the following: 
‘‘(C) how the State’s proposed project will 
ensure increased access for students who are members of groups underrepresented in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subject fields (which may include fe-male students, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and eco-nomically disadvantaged students) to high- quality courses in 1 or more of the identified subjects; and 
On page 375, strike lines 8 through 12 and 
insert the following: 
‘‘(1) Increasing access for students through 
grade 12 who are members of groups under-represented in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics subject fields, such as female students, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and eco-nomically disadvantaged students, to high- quality courses in the identified subjects. 
On page 377, between lines 22 and 23, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(iii) A description of how the eligible sub-
grantee will use funds provided under this subsection for services and activities to in-crease access for students who are members of groups underrepresented in science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics sub-ject fields, which may include female stu-dents, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and economically disadvantaged students, to high-quality courses in 1 or more of the State’s identified subjects. Such activities and services may include after-school activities or other infor-mal learning opportunities designed to en-courage interest and develop skills in 1 or more of such subjects. 
On page 381, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(iv) broaden student access to 
mentorship, tutoring, and after-school ac-tivities or other informal learning opportu-nities designed to encourage interest and de-velop skills in 1 or more of the State’s iden-tified subjects; 
AMENDMENT NO . 2119 
(Purpose: To include charter school rep-
resentatives in the list of entities with whom a State and local educational agency shall consult in the development of plans under title I) 
On page 19, line 22, insert ‘‘public charter 
school representatives (if applicable),’’ be-fore ‘‘specialized’’. 
On page 95, line 12, insert ‘‘public charter 
school representatives (if applicable),’’ after ‘‘leaders,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2131 
(Purpose: To improve the bill relating to ap-
propriate accommodations for children with disabilities) 
On page 39 line 15, insert ‘‘, such as inter-
operability with and ability to use assistive technology,’’ after ‘‘accommodations’’. AMENDMENT NO . 2138 
(Purpose: To amend the Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act of 1965 relating to improving student academic achievement in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics) 
On page 370, between lines 18 and 19, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(3) STEM-
FOCUSED SPECIALTY SCHOOL .— 
The term ‘STEM-focused specialty school’ means a school, or a dedicated program with-in a school, that engages students in rig-orous, relevant, and integrated learning ex-periences focused on science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics, which include authentic school-wide research. 
On page 382, line 12, strike the period and 
insert the following: ‘‘; and 
‘‘(viii) support the creation and enhance-
ment of STEM-focused specialty schools that improve student academic achievement in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics, including computer science, and pre-pare more students to be ready for postsec-ondary education and careers in such sub-jects. 
Beginning on page 384, strike line 3 and all 
that follows through line 23 on page 384 and insert the following: 
‘‘(c) E
VALUATION AND MANAGEMENT .—The 
Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) acting through the Director of the In-
stitute of Education Sciences, and in con-sultation with the Director of the National Science Foundation— 
‘‘(A) evaluate the implementation and im-
pact of the activities supported under this part, including progress measured by the metrics established under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(B) identify best practices to improve in-
struction in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics subjects; 
‘‘(2) disseminate, in consultation with the 
National Science Foundation, research on best practices to improve instruction in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subjects; 
‘‘(3) ensure that the Department is taking 
appropriate action to— 
‘‘(A) identify all activities being supported 
under this part; and 
‘‘(B) avoid unnecessary duplication of ef-
forts between the activities being supported under this part and other programmatic ac-tivities supported by the Department or by other Federal agencies; and 
‘‘(4) develop a rigorous system to— ‘‘(A) identify the science, technology, engi-
neering, and mathematics education-specific needs of States and stakeholders receiving funds through subgrants under this part; 
‘‘(B) make public and widely disseminate 
programmatic activities relating to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics that are supported by the Department or by other Federal agencies; and 
‘‘(C) develop plans for aligning the pro-
grammatic activities supported by the De-partment and other Federal agencies with the State and stakeholder needs. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 2161, 2132, AND 2080 TO  
AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up the following amendments en bloc: Kirk No. 2161, Scott No. 2132, and Hatch No. 2080. And I further ask that Senator M
URRAY be recognized to call up two 
other amendments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk shall report the amend-
ments en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.055 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4924 July 9, 2015 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ], for others, proposes amendments 
numbered 2161, 2132, and 2080 to amendment No. 2089. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2161 
(Purpose: To ensure that States measure and 
report on indicators of student access to critical educational resources and identify disparities in such resources, and for other purposes) 
On page 69, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(N) how the State will measure and report 
on indicators of student access to critical educational resources and identify dispari-ties in such resources (referred to for pur-poses of this Act as an ‘Opportunity Dash-board of Core Resources’) for each local edu-cational agency and each public school in the State in a manner that— 
‘‘(i) provides data on each indicator, for all 
students and disaggregated by each of the categories of students, as defined in sub-section (b)(3)(A); and 
‘‘(ii) is based on the indicators described in 
clauses (v), (vii), (x), (xiii), and (xiv) of sub-section (d)(1)(C) and not less than 3 of the following: 
‘‘(I) access to qualified paraprofessionals, 
and specialized instructional support per-sonnel, who are certified or licensed by the State; 
‘‘(II) availability of health and wellness 
programs; 
‘‘(III) availability of dedicated school li-
brary programs and modern instructional materials and school facilities; 
‘‘(IV) enrollment in early childhood edu-
cation programs and full-day, 5-day-a-week kindergarten; and 
‘‘(V) availability of core academic subject 
courses; 
‘‘(O) how the State will develop plans with 
local educational agencies, including a timeline with annual benchmarks, to address disparities identified under subparagraph (N) and, if a local educational agency does not achieve the applicable annual benchmarks for two consecutive years, how the State will allocate resources and supports to such local educational agency based on the identified needs; 
On page 82, between lines 23 and 24, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(xviii) Information on the indicators of 
student access to critical educational re-sources selected by the State, as described in subsection (c)(1)(N), for all students and disaggregated by each of the categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), for each local educational agency and each school in the State and by the categories de-scribed in clause (vii). 
On page 115, after line 25, add the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) R
ESOURCE , SUPPORT , AND PROGRAM  
AVAILABILITY .—A local educational agency 
that receives funds under this part shall no-tify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this part that the parents may request, and the agen-cy will provide the parents on request (and in a timely manner), information regarding the availability of critical educational re-sources, supports, and programs, as described in the State plan in accordance with section 1111(c)(1)(N). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2132 
(Purpose: To expand opportunity by allowing 
Title I funds to follow low-income children) 
After section 1010, insert the following: 
SEC. 1011. FUNDS TO FOLLOW THE LOW-INCOME 
CHILD STATE OPTION. 
Subpart 2 of part A of title I is amended by 
inserting after section 1122 the following: ‘‘SEC. 1123. FUNDS TO FOLLOW THE LOW-INCOME 
CHILD STATE OPTION. 
‘‘(a) F UNDS FOLLOW THE LOW-INCOME  
CHILD.—Notwithstanding any other provi-
sions in this title requiring a State to re-serve or distribute funds, a State may, in ac-cordance with and as permitted by State law, distribute funds under this subpart among the local educational agencies in the State based on the number of eligible chil-dren enrolled in the public schools operated by each local educational agency and the number of eligible children within each local educational agency’s geographical area whose parents elect to send their child to a private school, for the purposes of ensuring that funding under this subpart follows low- income children to the public school they at-tend and that payments will be made to the parents of eligible children who choose to en-roll their eligible children in private schools. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE CHILD.— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘eligible child’ means a child aged 5 to 17, in-clusive from a family with an income below the poverty level on the basis of the most re-cent satisfactory data published by the De-partment of Commerce. 
‘‘(2) C
RITERIA OF POVERTY .—In determining 
the families with incomes below the poverty level for the purposes of this section, a State educational agency shall use the criteria of poverty used by the Census Bureau in com-piling the most recent decennial census, as the criteria have been updated by increases in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers, published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
‘‘(c) I
DENTIFICATION OF ELIGIBLE CHILDREN ; 
ALLOCATION AND DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I DENTIFICATION OF ELIGIBLE CHIL -
DREN .—On an annual basis, on a date to be 
determined by the State educational agency, each local educational agency shall inform the State educational agency of the number of eligible children enrolled in public schools served by the local educational agency and the number of eligible children within each local educational agency’s geographical area whose parents elect to send their child to a private school. 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the amount of payment for each eligible child described in this section shall be equal to— 
‘‘(i) the total amount allotted to the State 
under this subpart; divided by 
‘‘(ii) the total number of eligible children 
in the State identified under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—In the case of a payment 
made to the parents of an eligible child who elects to attend a private school, the amount of the payment described in subparagraph (A) for each eligible child shall not exceed the cost for tuition, fees, and transportation for the eligible child to attend the private school. 
‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—Based on the identification of eli-
gible children in paragraph (1), the State educational agency shall provide to a local educational agency an amount equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the amount available for each eligible 
child in the State, as determined in para-graph (2); multiplied by 
‘‘(B) the number of eligible children identi-
fied by the local educational agency under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION TO SCHOOLS .—From 
amounts allocated under paragraph (3) and notwithstanding any provisions in this title requiring a local educational agency to re-serve funds, each local educational agency that receives funds under such paragraph shall distribute a portion of such funds to the public schools served by the local edu-
cational agency, which amount shall— 
‘‘(A) be based on the number of eligible 
children enrolled in such schools and in-cluded in the count submitted under para-graph (1); and 
‘‘(B) be distributed in a manner that 
would, in the absence of such Federal funds, supplement the funds made available from non-Federal resources for the education of pupils participating in programs under this part, and not to supplant such funds (in ac-cordance with the method of determination described in section 1117). 
‘‘(5) D
ISTRIBUTION TO PARENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From the amounts allo-
cated under paragraph (3) and notwith-standing any provisions in this title requir-ing a local educational agency to reserve funds, each local educational agency that re-ceives funds under such paragraph shall dis-tribute a portion of such funds, in an amount equal to the amount described in paragraph (2), to the parents of each eligible child with-in the local educational agency’s geo-graphical area who elect to send their child to a private school and whose child is in-cluded in the count of such eligible children under paragraph (1), which amount shall be distributed in a manner so as to ensure that such payments will be used for the payment of tuition, fees, and transportation expenses (if any). 
‘‘(B) R
ESERVATION .—A local educational 
agency described in this paragraph may re-serve not more than 1 percent of the funds available for distribution under subpara-graph (A) to pay administrative costs associ-ated with carrying out the activities de-scribed in such subparagraph. 
‘‘(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce, shall provide technical assist-ance to the State educational agencies that choose to allocate grant funds in accordance with subsection (a), for the purpose of assist-ing local educational agencies and schools in such States to determine an accurate meth-odology to identify the number of eligible children under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Payments to 
parents under this subsection (c)(5) shall be considered assistance to the eligible child and shall not be considered assistance to the school that enrolls the eligible child. The amount of any payment under this section shall not be treated as income of the child or his or her parents for purposes of Federal tax laws or for determining eligibility for any other Federal program. 
‘‘(f) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PARTICIPATING PRI-
VATE SCHOOLS .—A private school that enrolls 
eligible children whose parents receive funds under this section— 
‘‘(1) shall be accredited, licensed, or other-
wise operating in accordance with State law; 
‘‘(2) shall ensure that the amount of any 
tuition or fees charged by the school to an eligible child whose parents receive funds from a local educational agency through a distribution under this section does not ex-ceed the amount of tuition or fees that the school charges to students whose parents do not receive such funds; 
‘‘(3) shall be academically accountable to 
the parent for meeting the educational needs of the student; and 
‘‘(4) shall not discriminate against eligible 
children on the basis of race, color, national origin, or sex, except that— 
‘‘(A) the prohibition of sex discrimination 
shall not apply to a participating school that is operated by, supervised by, controlled by, or connected to a religious organization to the extent that the application of such pro-hibition is inconsistent with the religious te-nets or beliefs of the school; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.056 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4925 July 9, 2015 
‘‘(B) notwithstanding this paragraph or 
any other provision of law, a parent may choose, and a school may offer, a single-sex school, class, or activity. 
‘‘(g) P
ROHIBITIONS ON CONTROL OF PARTICI -
PATING PRIVATE SCHOOLS .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, a private school that enrolls eligible children whose parents receive funds under this section— 
‘‘(1) may be a school that is operated by, 
supervised by, controlled by, or connected to, a religious organization to exercise its right in matters of employment consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.), including the exemp-tions in that title; and 
‘‘(2) consistent with the First Amendment 
of the Constitution of the United States, shall not— 
‘‘(A) be required to make any change in the 
school’s teaching mission; 
‘‘(B) be required to remove religious art, 
icons, scriptures, or other symbols; or 
‘‘(C) be precluded from retaining religious 
terms in its name, selecting its board mem-bers on a religious basis, or including reli-gious references in its mission statements and other chartering or governing docu-ments. 
‘‘(h) E
VALUATION .—Every 2 years, the Sec-
retary shall conduct an evaluation of eligible children whose parents receive funds under this section, which shall include an evalua-tion of— 
‘‘(1) 4-year adjusted cohort graduation 
rates; and 
‘‘(2) parental satisfaction regarding the rel-
evant activities carried out under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(i) R
EQUESTS FOR DATA AND INFORMA -
TION.—Each school that enrolls eligible chil-
dren whose parents receive funds under this section shall comply with all requests for data and information regarding evaluations conducted under subsection (h). 
‘‘(j) R
ULES OF CONDUCT AND OTHER SCHOOL  
POLICIES .—A school that enrolls eligible chil-
dren whose parents receive funds under this section may require such children to abide by any rules of conduct and other require-ments applicable to all other students at the school. 
‘‘(k) R
EPORT TO PARENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each school that enrolls 
eligible children whose parents receive funds under this section shall report, at least once during the school year, to such parents on— 
‘‘(A) their child’s academic achievement, 
as measured by a comparison with— 
‘‘(i) the aggregate academic achievement 
of other students at the school who are eligi-ble children whose parents receive funds under this section and who are in the same grade or level, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(ii) the aggregate academic achievement 
of the student’s peers at the school who are in the same grade or level, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(B) the safety of the school, including the 
incidence of school violence, student suspen-sions, and student expulsions. 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON DISCLOSURE OF PER -
SONAL INFORMATION .—No report under this 
subsection may contain any personally iden-tifiable information, except that a student’s parent may receive a report containing per-sonally identifiable information relating to their own child.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2080 
(Purpose: To establish a committee on 
student privacy policy) 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1018. STUDENT PRIVACY POLICY COM-
MITTEE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF A COMMITTEE ON  
STUDENT PRIVACY POLICY .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, there is established a committee to be 
known as the ‘‘Student Privacy Policy Com-mittee’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Committee’’). 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) C OMPOSITION .—The Committee shall be 
composed of— 
(A) 3 individuals appointed by the Sec-
retary of Education; 
(B) not less than 8 and not more than 13 in-
dividuals appointed by the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States, representing— 
(i) experts in education data and student 
privacy; 
(ii) educators and parents; (iii) State and local government officials 
responsible for managing student informa-tion; 
(iv) education technology leaders in the 
State or a local educational agency; 
(v) experts with practical experience deal-
ing with data privacy management at the State or local level; 
(vi) experts with a background in academia 
or research in data privacy and education data; and 
(vii) education technology providers and 
education data storage providers; and 
(C) 4 members appointed by— (i) the majority leader of the Senate; (ii) the minority leader of the Senate; (iii) the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives; and 
(iv) the minority leader of the House of 
Representatives. 
(D) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Committee shall 
select a Chairperson from among its mem-bers. 
(E) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-
mittee shall not affect the powers of the Committee and shall be filled in the same manner as an initial appointment described in subparagraphs (A) through (C). 
(c) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall hold, 
at the call of the Chairperson, not less than 5 meetings before completing the study re-quired under subsection (e) and the report re-quired under subsection (f). 
(d) P
ERSONNEL MATTERS .— 
(1) C OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .—Each 
member of the Committee shall serve with-out compensation in addition to any such compensation received for the member’s service as an officer or employee of the United States, if applicable. 
(2) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The members of the 
Committee shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter 1 of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Committee. 
(e) D
UTIES OF THE COMMITTEE .— 
(1) S TUDY .—The Committee shall conduct a 
study on the effectiveness of Federal laws and enforcement mechanisms of— 
(A) student privacy; and (B) parental rights to student information. (2) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Based on the find-
ings of the study under paragraph (1), the Committee shall develop recommendations addressing issues of student privacy and pa-rental rights and how to improve and enforce Federal laws regarding student privacy and parental rights, including recommendations that— 
(A) provide or update standard definitions, 
if needed, for relevant terms related to stu-dent privacy, including— 
(i) education record; (ii) personally identifiable information; (iii) aggregated, de-identified, or 
anonymized data; 
(iv) third-party; and (v) educational purpose; (B) identify— (i) which Federal laws should be updated; 
and 
(ii) the appropriate Federal enforcement 
authority to execute the laws identified in clause (i); 
(C) address the sharing of data in an in-
creasingly technological world, including— 
(i) evaluations of protections in place for 
student data when it is used for research pur-poses; 
(ii) establishing best practices for any enti-
ty that is charged with handling, or that comes into contact with, student education records; 
(iii) ensuring that identifiable data cannot 
be used to target students for advertising or marketing purposes; and 
(iv) establishing best practices for data de-
letion and minimization; 
(D) discuss transparency and parental ac-
cess to personal student information by es-tablishing best practices for— 
(i) ensuring parental knowledge of any en-
tity that stores or accesses their student’s information; 
(ii) parents to amend, delete, or modify 
their student’s information; and 
(iii) a central designee in a State or a po-
litical subdivision of a State who can oversee 
transparency and serve as a point of contact for interested parties; 
(E) establish best practices for the local 
entities who handle student privacy, which may include professional development for those who come into contact with identifi-able data; and 
(F) discuss how to improve coordination 
between Federal and State laws. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mittee shall prepare and submit a report to the Secretary of Education and to Congress containing the findings of the study under subsection (e)(1) and the recommendations developed under subsection (e)(2). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 2093 AND 2118 TO AMENDMENT  
NO. 2089 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up the Franken amendment No. 2093 and the Kaine amendment No. 2118 en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, the clerk shall report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Washington [Mrs. M UR-
RAY], for others, proposes amendments num-
bered 2093 and 2118 to amendment No. 2089. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2093 
(Purpose: To end discrimination based on 
actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools.) 
(The amendment is printed in the 
RECORD of July 7, 2015, under ‘‘Text of 
Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NO . 2118 
(Purpose: To amend the State accountability 
system under section 1113(b)(3) regarding the measures used to ensure that students are ready to enter postsecondary education or the workforce without the need for post-secondary remediation) 
On page 56, strike lines 9 through 12 and in-
sert the following: 
‘‘(aa) student readiness to enter postsec-
ondary education or the workforce without the need for postsecondary remediation, which may include— 
‘‘(AA) measures that integrate preparation 
for postsecondary education and the work-force, including performance in coursework 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.028 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4926 July 9, 2015 
sequences that integrate rigorous academics, 
work-based learning, and career and tech-nical education; 
‘‘(BB) measures of a high-quality and ac-
celerated academic program as determined appropriate by the State, which may include the percentage of students who participate in a State-approved career and technical pro-gram of study as described in section 122(c)(1)(A) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 and meas-ures of technical skill attainment and place-ment described in section 113(b) of such Act and reported by the State in a manner con-sistent with section 113(c) of such Act, or other substantially similar measures; 
‘‘(CC) student performance on assessments 
aligned with the expectations for first-year postsecondary education success; 
‘‘(DD) student performance on admissions 
tests for postsecondary education; 
‘‘(EE) student performance on assessments 
of career readiness and acquisition of indus-try-recognized credentials that meet the quality criteria established by the State under section 123(a) of the Workforce Innova-tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102); 
‘‘(FF) student enrollment rates in postsec-
ondary education; 
‘‘(GG) measures of student remediation in 
postsecondary education; and 
‘‘(HH) measures of student credit accumu-
lation in postsecondary education; 
On page 57, line 14, strike ‘‘; and’’ and in-
sert ‘‘, which may include participation and performance in Advanced Placement, Inter-national Baccalaureate, dual enrollment, and early college high school programs; and’’. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, July 13, the Senate vote on the following amendments, with no second-degree amendments in order to any of the amendments prior to the votes: Hatch amendment No. 2080 and Kaine amendment No. 2118. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from North Dakota. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I thank 
Senators A LEXANDER and M URRAY for 
crafting this bipartisan proposal to re-form and reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, the main source of Federal aid for K- through-12 education. 
The Every Child Achieves Act takes 
many important steps to return the au-thority of K–12 education back to the States and to the local school districts and directly to those who are best equipped to understand and respond to what it takes to educate our students. Importantly, this bill empowers States to develop their own education ac-countability plans. Instead of a one- size-fits-all Federal mandate, this bill charges the States to work with teach-
ers, school districts, Governors, par-ents, and other stakeholders to develop a State-led education plan for all stu-dents without interference from Wash-ington. 
The bill affirms that the Federal 
Government cannot dictate a State’s specific academic standards, cur-riculum or assessment. I repeat. The bill affirms that the Federal Govern-ment cannot dictate State-specific aca-demic standards, curriculum or assess-ments. It affirms local control and ac-countability while maintaining impor-tant achievement information to pro-vide parents with information on how their children are performing as well as to help teachers target support to those who are struggling to meet State standards. 
We also recognize that science, tech-
nology, engineering, and mathe-matics—or STEM—education continues to play an increasingly important role in preparing our students for the ca-reers of tomorrow. 
In North Dakota, STEM education 
prepares students to fulfill the work-force needs of our dynamic economy, from the high-tech industries in the east to the energy fields in the west. For example, we have one school dis-trict, the West Fargo school district, which has created a STEM center for students in grades 6, 7, and 8, and is doing an exceptional job of integrating STEM teaching into the classroom. This school district program started in 2009 with 150 students in the sixth and seventh grades. Since then, it has been expanded to serve eighth grade stu-dents as well. They have also created a STEM pathway program at the high school level. The approach focuses on project-based learning that connects their school work to solving real world problems through the engineering and design process. 
When Senator K
LOBUCHAR and I vis-
ited the school this spring, we wit-nessed students working hands-on with a wide range of technologies at cooper-ative lab stations, including drones and flight simulators. West Fargo students have received numerous awards and honors, placing first in the Nation in a lunar water recycling design competi-tion sponsored by NASA to excelling in a number of Web page design and ro-botics competitions around the coun-try. 
This education is not just about 
teaching students more science, math or engineering. This approach reaches across subjects to promote problem solving, collaboration, communication, and critical thinking skills. 
The Every Child Achieves Act in-
cludes a formula grant aimed at pro-viding State resources to improve STEM education. The Improving STEM Instruction and Student Achievement Program provides grants to States to improve STEM instruction, student en-gagement, and increased student achievement in STEM subjects. Under this program, States have the ability to award subgrants to projects of their 
choice to serve high-need school dis-tricts or form partnerships with higher education institutions. States can also use these funds to recruit qualified teachers and instructional leaders in STEM subjects or to develop a STEM master teacher corps. 
In recent years, North Dakota has 
chosen to award funds to projects that partner with our State’s higher edu-cation institutions to provide profes-sional development opportunities for K–12 math and science teachers. 
I have worked with Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR to craft amendment No. 2138. 
Our proposal will give States the op-tion to award those funds to create or enhance a STEM-focused specialty school or a STEM program within a school. 
STEM-focused specialty schools or 
STEM programs within a school are those that engage students in rigorous, relevant, and integrated-learning STEM experiences. Allowing funds to go toward a STEM program within a school will allow successful programs such as those occurring in our State to benefit. It will also encourage other school districts to begin their own pro-grams. 
So if a school district would like to 
better integrate STEM concepts into their teaching practices, this amend-ment allows those districts to submit a proposal to the State for resources to carry out that plan. 
The Klobuchar-Hoeven amendment 
also requires the Education Secretary to identify STEM-specific needs of States and districts receiving funds and publicize information about those activities. The Secretary is then di-rected to align Federal STEM activi-ties with State and district needs. 
Finally, this amendment directs the 
U.S. Department of Education to avoid unnecessary duplication of STEM pro-grammatic activities supported by the Department and other Federal agen-cies. This is important because there are so many disjointed STEM activi-ties and programs throughout our gov-ernment. 
In a May 2015 report, the nonpartisan 
Congressional Research Service states that despite recent reductions in the number of Federal STEM programs, re-cent estimates suggest there are still between 105 and 254 STEM programs scattered throughout as many as 15 Federal agencies. These programs ac-count for $2.8 billion to $3.4 billion in spending. These programs have their own distinct requirements and obliga-tions that allow very little collabora-tion or coordination. We simply want to ensure that States and schools are aware of the existing efforts underway to best utilize public resources. 
In conclusion, we believe that this bi-
partisan amendment should be agree-able to both sides and will strengthen the Every Child Achieves Act. In fact, I have just been informed that both the chairman and the ranking member from the HELP Committee and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.026 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4927 July 9, 2015 
leaders on this Every Child Achieves 
Act have included our legislation in the manager’s package with support from both sides of the aisle. 
I want to thank both Senator L
AMAR  
ALEXANDER from Tennessee, who is the 
chairman of the committee and the sponsor of the bill, as well as Senator P
ATTY MURRAY from Washington, who 
is the co-lead on this legislation, for their support of this STEM legislation. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I also rise 
in support of the Every Child Achieves Act and the good work that is being done in a bipartisan way to move ele-mentary and secondary education for-ward in this country. I applaud Sen-ators A
LEXANDER and M URRAY and all 
HELP Committee members and their staff for the good work that has been done on this bill, which is hugely im-portant to our Nation’s children but even more importantly to our economy and our global competitiveness. The fact that we are approaching this in a bipartisan manner creates a lot of hope and optimism. 
I speak from a number of roles. I was 
well educated in public, private, and parochial schools myself. My three children have gone through the Rich-mond public school system, an urban public school system in Virginia, dur-ing the era of No Child Left Behind. So Federal education policy was coming home in their backpack, crumpled up at the end of every day. My wife and I have kind of lived through that with them. My wife is the current secretary of education in Virginia, with the re-sponsibility of carrying out State and Federal education policy. In my own role, as an elected official—as mayor— education was our biggest expenditure, and I visited a school in our city every Tuesday morning. As Lieutenant Gov-ernor, in the State budget education was our biggest priority, and I visited schools in all 134 cities and counties in Virginia. Then, as Governor, I had the opportunity—the great opportunity— to work with our State, our teachers, our PTOs, and other educational stake-holders in the Virginia education sys-tem, which 50 years ago was one of the weakest in the United States, and I am proud to say is now one of the best in the United States. 
I learned a lot as Governor when No 
Child Left Behind was being imple-mented in the schools of my State. I saw the good and the bad of No Child Left Behind, and I certainly saw the reason that we need to improve it. That is what the Every Child Achieves Act does. 
First, I will speak about the good 
things of No Child Left Behind. There are two notable good things that, frankly, are critically important we maintain. No Child Left Behind made us disaggregate student data so that we couldn’t hide behind averages. Aver-ages can be deceiving. Virginia average test scores are great, but that doesn’t mean they are great everywhere in Vir-
ginia. So we had to dig in and look at whether minority students were per-forming well or whether rural students were performing well or urban stu-dents. No Child Left Behind helped us to do that and not hide behind averages but really make sure that groups of students were not falling behind either statewide or in the individual cities and counties. 
The second thing No Child Left Be-
hind did—which is pretty amazing— was that before No Child Left Behind there was not a standardized definition of graduation or dropout rates in this country. So if you wanted to know how your own city was doing or your own county was doing or your own State was doing, and if you wanted to com-pare that against anywhere else, you couldn’t because everybody was using their own measure. Usually folks would try to fuzz up the data because they were afraid of being held accountable around graduation rates and dropout rates. No Child Left Behind, together with some pioneering work from the National Governors Association, ended up standardizing the definition of grad-uation and dropout rates, which en-abled us to compare and compete with each other. 
Not surprisingly, as President Obama 
discussed in the State of the Union in the early part of 2015, our graduation rates are better than they have ever been because now we can focus on them, we know who is doing well and who is not, and that sense of focus and competition is enabling us to move ahead. 
But No Child Left Behind also had 
some unintended negative con-sequences. The intense focus on high- stakes testing, which is supposed to help you diagnose and then lead to edu-cational strategies down the road— sometimes testing has become an end in itself rather than a means to an end: better student performance. That cre-ates all kinds of stresses on students and teachers and parents. 
Similarly, the focus on 
disaggregating student data which demonstrates that there are achieve-ment gaps in certain communities, whether it be minority communities or rural or urban areas, has often had the perverse consequence, when coupled with high-stakes testing, of encour-aging some of our best and brightest teachers not to want to go into the schools where they are most needed. If they feel as if they will be punished be-cause the test scores are not as high with poor kids, for example, then they will often choose not to go to those schools. That is clearly not what we meant to do with No Child Left Behind, but that has been one of its perverse consequences. 
When I was Governor, I had a very 
funny—now it is funny; it was not funny at the time—argument with the Federal Department of Education. They absolutely insisted that jurisdic-tions in northern Virginia were admin-istering certain tests wrong to stu-
dents who don’t speak English as their first language at home. Indeed, some of my cities and counties had a strategy of phasing students in. If they were coming from a background where they did not speak English at home, they would be tested in special ways for the first couple of years they were in the school system and then mainstreamed even in the way they were tested. 
The Department of Education said: 
You cannot do that. You cannot do these tests differently. 
What I would say to the Department 
of Education: Hey, let me show you the SAT scores of my Latino students. Let me show you how they are doing when they graduate, that they are some of the highest performing students in the country. Clearly, if you measure it by the outcomes, we are doing it the right way. 
But the Department of Education 
said: Outcomes do not matter to us. We worry about the processes and the in-puts and the way you provide the tests. 
Well, outcomes should be important. 
Results should be important. Too often, No Child Left Behind was admin-istered in a way where results did not matter. That is not what should hap-pen. 
I applaud Senators A
LEXANDER and 
MURRAY for this bill because I believe 
the Every Child Achieves Act gives school districts and States the incen-tive to work for the success of all stu-dents but also the flexibility they need to close achievement gaps. The bill maintains critical annual testing re-quirements to allow us to track progress of students, while letting States set their own goals for improve-ment. The bill invests in early child-hood education, which is critical to give States the authority to determine teacher qualifications in those areas. I am very glad this bill recognizes there are factors other than test scores that determine whether our students will be successful. I applaud this act. I cannot wait to vote for it. 
I would like to comment on two 
amendments I have worked with my team and my staff member Karishma Merchant, who is superb, to put into this bill—some that are already in and some that I think are forthcoming or are in the process on the floor. 
The first is the very important chal-
lenge of young people, age 16 to 24, who are in the most vulnerable time in their lives to being the victims of sex-ual assaults. A kid age 16 to 24—that is the most likely period in their life where they would be vulnerable to any kind of sexual assault or sexual mis-conduct. That is whether they are in school, college, the military, the work-force, or whether they are somewhere else. 
We are spending a lot of time work-
ing on this issue, but this bill contains an amendment I proposed called the Teach Safe Relationships Act to help tackle this issue. Basically, under the amendment Senator M
CCASKILL and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.059 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4928 July 9, 2015 
introduced in February, schools that 
are receiving title IV funds must report on how they are teaching safe relation-ship behaviors to students—commu-nication, understanding what coercion is, understanding what consent is, un-derstanding how to avoid pressure, un-derstanding where to go for help. These are matters which we will teach to our students at a younger age so they can keep themselves safe. 
I need to give praise on this one—the 
idea for this came from students at the University of Virginia. I went and vis-ited with them about sexual assaults on campus in December. They told me: We wish we came to campus better pre-pared to deal with these issues. 
I asked them: Well, don’t you take 
sex education classes in high school? 
They said: Yes, but the classes are 
about reproductive biology. There needs to be a little more about safe be-havior and relationship strategies. 
I thought, what a great idea. That led 
to the amendment. The amendment has now been incorporated. I praise the students at UVA who put this on my radar screen. I thank Senators A
LEX-
ANDER and M URRAY , who worked with 
me to incorporate this in the base bill. If we teach young kids the right strate-gies, whether they are in the military or on college campuses or in the work-force or anywhere else, our young stu-dents, 16 to 24, will be safer. 
The second series of amendments— 
some have been included and others have been voted on—one today and one will be voted on on Monday night—are amendments dealing with career and technical education. 
I was a principal of a school that 
taught kids to be welders and car-penters. I grew up the son of a guy who ran an iron-working shop. I am a huge believer in career and technical edu-cation. Every job in this country does not need the traditional 4-year bach-elor’s degree. In fact, there are many jobs in this country—and the unem-ployment rate is still too high—there are many jobs in this country that are going unfilled. We have to bring weld-ers in on foreign visas and other impor-tant career and technical fields be-cause we don’t adequately promote and celebrate career and technical edu-cation. This is similar to the previous speech about STEM. 
I have formed a Career and Technical 
Education Caucus, together with Sen-ators P
ORTMAN and B ALDWIN . We intro-
duced the Career Ready Act. Some por-tions have already been included in the bill, and another portion will be voted on on Monday night. But the idea is ba-sically to make career and technical education every bit as front-and-center as college prep courses because we want our kids to graduate from high school both college- and career-ready. Career and technical education is an important part of that. 
Earlier today, we passed an amend-
ment to make clear that for Federal purposes, career and technical edu-cation is not elective, it is core cur-riculum, because it is core, important 
education. Nations around the world recognize it. We need to as well. 
I have two additional amendments. 
We will consider one Monday night— the Career Ready Act, which clarifies and encourages but does not require the use of accountability indicators in State accountability plans to promote readiness for postsecondary education and career readiness. Forty-one States already do this. We will encourage more to do it if we pass the career- ready amendment. 
Second, I have an amendment that I 
am still working on and hope to get in on the floor. It is bipartisan by intro-duction. Senator A
YOTTE and I have 
this. It is to create a middle school ca-reer and technical exploration program called Middle STEP. Kids in the middle school years, if they get a broader ex-posure to the careers that are available to them, they will be better equipped to start picking curricular paths when they go to high school. 
I am so passionate about the need for 
career and technical education because I lived it growing up in my dad’s busi-ness and teaching kids in Honduras the value of career and technical fields. 
Everywhere I go in this country, I 
have employers who tell me they need workers who are skilled, whether it is allied health professionals, such as EMTs, or culinary training or welding and iron-working training or computer coding. These career and technical fields that require some postsecondary education but not necessarily a 4-year college degree are paths to great liveli-hoods. We do not often emphasize them enough. This bill will help us do that. 
I will close and say this: It has been 
13 years since Congress reauthorized the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act. It is time to update No Child Left Behind, and this is good work to do it. 
President Kennedy said in a message 
to Congress in 1961—and these words still ring true: 
Our progress as a nation can be no swifter 
than our progresses in education. Our re-quirements for world leadership, our hopes for economic growth, and the demands of citizenship itself in an era such as this all re-quire the maximum development of every young American’s capacity. 
That is almost a great 20th-century 
paraphrase of what a Virginian, Thom-as Jefferson, said in the 1780s: 
Progress in government and all else de-
pends upon the broadest possible diffusion of knowledge among the general population. 
Those words were true then. Senator 
Kennedy’s words are true. Education is still the path to success for an indi-vidual or for a community and nation. We will advance the cause of education and the cause of success if we pass the Every Child Achieves Act. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I want 
to take this time to thank Senators A
LEXANDER and M URRAY on the bill that is before our body, the Every 
Child Achieves Act. It is so important that we focus on this area of education. 
Two important provisions I asked to 
be included have been included in the bill. I want to specifically talk about those and again thank both Senators for including those important initia-tives in this important bill. 
One of them is the reauthorization of 
afterschool programs—something I have worked on my entire life in Con-gress. It goes back a very long time. Another one is on e-cigarettes, which I believe are endangering our Nation’s youth. 
Senator M
URKOWSKI was very instru-
mental in the committee, working with Senator M
URRAY to make sure my bi-
partisan After School for America’s Children Act was incorporated in the bill. I thank her. 
In the Senate, I first introduced my 
afterschool bill in 1997. I worked with Senator Ensign at that time. The Fed-eral Government at that time only funded small afterschool pilot pro-grams. When we got to 2001, I saw an opportunity to take that pilot program and turn it into a real, funded author-ization for afterschool programs. The bill we have on the floor today and next week will modernize that after-school program. It is the 21st Century Community Learning Centers Pro-gram, which incorporates afterschool. It will help States support quality afterschool programs. It encourages pa-rental engagement and involvement and ensures that afterschool activities complement the academic curriculum. Our kids don’t stop learning just be-cause the clock strikes 2 or 3 or 4; they keep learning. So the afterschool ac-tivities are very important. 
Most important to me is that this 
bill preserves the stream of funding that is necessary to protect the after-school programs because, to be quite honest, we have had a lot of issues with people trying to grab those funds and use them for something else. Let me tell you why we cannot do that. We now serve more than 1.6 million chil-dren of working families every year through this afterschool program. That is progress. Think about 1.6 million children. Think about all of their par-ents and the relief it brings to them to know they have their children in a quality afterschool program. 
But there are still 11.3 million chil-
dren left unsupervised when the day ends. In other words, one in five chil-dren is unsupervised from 3 to 6 p.m. Those are the hours where juvenile crime peaks and risky behaviors are most likely to occur. Law enforcement and mayors have been telling us for years that afterschool programs reduce crime. It truly is a no-brainer. Our kids need a safe place to go after school. Our parents need to make sure their kids are safe after school because most parents work in today’s world. 
No matter what leading candidates 
for the Republican nomination say, today my understanding is Jeb Bush 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.060 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4929 July 9, 2015 
said our workers don’t work hard 
enough. He said that our workers don’t work hard enough. Just talk to the parents of these kids. They are work-ing hard, sometimes multiple jobs. They need to know their kids are safe. 
I want to talk about one student, 
Gerardo Rodriguez, who grew up in poverty in Los Angeles. He dealt with the threat of violence and the allure of gang life. While he was at Carson Mid-dle School, he chose to join an after-school program that was run by the Boys and Girls Club instead of a gang. Gerardo went to an afterschool pro-gram instead of joining a gang. In sta-tistics, he would be told he was likely to be a dropout. Instead, he graduated from Carson High. In 2012, he obtained $3,000 in college scholarships. He is in his second year at California State University, Long Beach, and he is ma-joring in engineering. 
We need to save kids like this. Yes, 
the parents are working hard, many hours, and they need afterschool help. This bill helps those kids. I would like to do more for more children, but I am thankful we are preserving this pro-gram. 
Our working families need to know 
their kids are safe because there are more than 28 million parents of school- age children who are employed, includ-ing 23 million who work full time. These parents miss an average of 5 days of work a year because they don’t have afterschool care and their child gets sick. We all know that. We have all gone through that. Our children have gone through that. So it was 30 years ago when I started to work on this issue. 
I again thank Senators A
LEXANDER  
and M URRAY for preserving afterschool 
care for our children. 
f 
E-CIGARETTES 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I also 
thank Senators A LEXANDER and M UR-
RAY for including my provisions on a 
dangerous product that is gaining pop-ularity among our children, e-ciga-rettes. The language in the bill allows schools to use their same Federal fund-ing that goes toward alcohol, drug, and tobacco education to teach children about more novel tobacco products such as e-cigarettes. 
According to the CDC, youth use of e- 
cigarettes has tripled in 1 year from 2013 to 2014. Let me tell you, our kids are not getting accurate information. There is advertising that is aimed at them that makes it sound like this is just a wonderful opportunity for them. 
What are our children being exposed 
to? It is not just nicotine—clearly, e- cigarettes are a nicotine delivery sys-tem—but even more. 
Now the Surgeon General has said 
nicotine has a negative impact on ado-lescent brain development. So for God’s sake, let us stop our kids from being able to smoke e-cigarettes on campus. I have an amendment that would do just that, and I hope it will be unani-mously accepted because these e-ciga-
rettes also contain benzene, cadmium, formaldehyde, propylene glycol, and nanoparticles that are present in tradi-tional cigarettes, according to the California Department of Health. 
So we need the FDA to finalize their 
rule on e-cigarettes. But in the mean-time, youth use is soaring. We finally are making progress on reducing smok-ing among teens, and yet this e-ciga-rette situation is out of control. That is why I am pleased that in this bill schools will be able to teach kids about the dangers of e-cigarettes. 
In conclusion, again I thank the bill’s 
managers for helping me get the after-school language in, protecting our kids after school, getting some language in to make sure we can educate our kids against the dangers of a new nicotine delivery system called e-cigarettes, but I also have three more amendments that are pending and I hope will pass. 
The first one I talked about was 
clarifying that a ban on smoking in schools includes all tobacco products such as e-cigarettes. The second amendment would prohibit advertising e-cigarettes to children. When you see this—I am sorry I didn’t bring the charts to the floor—they are using car-toon characters, the same kind of thing that was done by the big tobacco com-panies. Big Tobacco is behind this, let’s be clear. We don’t need another epi-demic that starts killing our people be-fore we finally turn the corner on reg-ular smoking. 
f 
COLLEGE CAMPUS SEXUAL 
ASSAULT 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, the last 
amendment I have is a different sub-ject, and it deals with college campus sexual assault. It would simply say that every college campus should have a confidential, independent advocate to help sexual assault survivors every step of the way. 
I am proud to say that my legislation 
has been voluntarily adopted by uni-versities in my home State of Cali-fornia, including the University of California, the State college system, and the community college system, to the extent they can deal with it, be-cause there is a lot of discretion in that particular group of colleges. But I haven’t heard from the private colleges in California. 
So all we are saying in this amend-
ment is let’s make sure every college campus that gets Federal funds sets up a confidential advocate for women—for men as well who are also victims of sexual assault—so that from the begin-ning of their complaint they have a friend, they have a confidant, and they have someone who knows their rights with them every step of the way. I would be so proud to see this included. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for his 
endurance on this little talk. 6-YEAR HIGHWAY BILL 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, next 
week I hear Senator M
CCONNELL may 
be coming forward with a highway bill. I pray it is a 6-year bill. Republicans and Democrats voted one out of the EPW Committee—I am proud to say not one dissenting vote—a 6-year ro-bust bill. 
I hope we will fund it in a way that 
doesn’t cut other jobs, while we are trying to create jobs in the transpor-tation industry, but in fact looks at international tax reform, where we can actually help our businesses and have a tax system that is reformed. The funds that come in to us go to the highway trust fund so we can take care of those bridges that are falling done and insuf-ficient—60,000 of them—the highways that need help, and the roads, 50 per-cent of which are in disrepair. We need help. 
Our businesses need that help. They 
call for that help. They are the con-crete people, the granite people. They are the general contractors, they are the engineers, our workers, and the construction workers. We still have 200,000 of them out of work since the great recession. 
We need a 6-year highway bill. We 
need it now. We need it funded in a smart way that helps our economy keep on growing. So there is a lot of work ahead. 
I wish to take this opportunity to say 
thank you to Senator A
LEXANDER and 
Senator M URRAY —and a hopeful re-
quest to Senator M CCONNELL that the 
bill that comes to the floor on the highways is one which we can all em-brace, and we can take care of this great Nation because, I will tell you, there isn’t a great nation on Earth that doesn’t have an infrastructure to match. 
You have to move goods, you have to 
move people, and if you can’t do that, we simply can’t keep up in this global economy. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, Nelson 
Mandela once said there can be no keener revelation of a society’s soul than the way it treats its children. 
Every child deserves a fair chance. If 
we fail at taking care of our children, we fail at everything else. So the stakes are high as we work to reform the No Child Left Behind Act. Too many children are left behind. The Every Child Achieves Act is a step for-ward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.062 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4930 July 9, 2015 
I thank Senator A LEXANDER and Sen-
ator M URRAY for working so hard on 
this bill. It is bipartisan, and it is an opportunity for real progress in edu-cating our children. 
My dad used to say get it done, but 
get it done right. When we say ‘‘every child succeeds,’’ we have to mean it— every child, including those in the poorest and most vulnerable commu-nities. That is what we must do. This is the bill we must pass. 
I am cautiously optimistic, but I 
would remind my colleagues, we can-not keep playing catchup. I have met with child well-being experts in New Mexico and across the Nation. They are very clear. Early intervention is key. For too many children, there are too many hurdles and too little hope. Our commitment has to begin early and has to stay the course. 
In New Mexico, almost one in three 
children lives in poverty. One in five goes to bed hungry. We are ranked next to last in education, last in overall child well-being. That is absolutely un-acceptable. The future of my State, for our children and for our economy, de-pends on changing it. 
Earlier this year, I introduced the 
Saving Our Next Generation Act for full funding for programs that work, that work on a daily basis, work in our communities for critical prenatal care, and for Healthy Start and Head Start. Too little too late doesn’t work. The 
result is wasted opportunity and con-tinued failure. Children need to arrive at school ready to learn and able to re-alize their full potential. 
That is why I also emphatically sup-
port Senator C
ASEY ’s strong start 
amendment for pre-K education for every child. Early learning is critical. Senator C
ASEY ’s amendment would ex-
pand and improve those opportunities for children from birth to age 5. 
We need to ensure all students get 
the same opportunities. I have intro-duced an amendment that provides support for Native American schools. The Bureau of Indian Education func-tions as a State education agency and has 50,000 students in it, but it is not funded as one. It often loses out on grants and other Federal funding. We have to change that. 
Both sides have worked to improve 
this bill. I am pleased it has several measures that I have long fought for. For example, healthy children are an investment in our future. Their health education should be a priority, not an afterthought. The bill includes my amendment to make health a core sub-ject. 
In addition, we know that too many 
students, especially in minority com-munities, are not graduating. In my State, one-fifth of high school students 
drop out every year. Many who drop out are teen parents. My amendment provides critical support to these stu-dents. We need to do all we can to help them stay in school and to raise healthy children while they do so. 
The Every Child Achieves Act 
strengthens STEM education, financial literacy, rural school districts, and 21st 
century community learning centers. It ensures that tribal leaders can teach native languages in their schools— something I have long pushed for. It also supports vital school and commu-nity public-private partnerships. These are much needed reforms and will make a difference to children and fami-lies in my State. 
Our goal is clear: to reach all stu-
dents, especially those who need the most support to succeed in school. 
In New Mexico, three out of four of 
our schools are title I schools. They face great challenges. Many students are low income. Many have special needs. We have to make sure they have the resources they need. This has to be a priority, and it starts with good teachers. 
We aren’t going to recruit great 
teachers—especially in schools with the greatest need—if we unfairly pun-ish those teachers for poor student per-formance. There has to be flexibility, especially early on. 
Our first obligation is to students— 
all students. We are accountable to them and their parents, and we need to keep applying pressure, while pro-viding support, to States and school districts to ensure that truly no child is left behind. But we can’t just test for failure; we need to plan for success. We should build on what works and leave behind what doesn’t. But don’t leave behind good students or those teachers who dedicate their lives to helping them. 
Now is the time for reform—to en-
sure that standards are strong and, if not met, efforts are in place to help those students, to make sure parents and teachers know how students are performing every year, and to give States and school districts the support to succeed. 
Let’s be clear. We face troubling and 
chronic achievement and opportunity gaps. Every school must address this and be held accountable. Now is the time to address resource inequities. Now is the time to invest in what works. Now is the time to make sure we are not taking resources away from students, schools, and districts with the greatest need. Parents deserve to know that when children fall behind, their schools will take action and that we have the resources to do so. 
But it isn’t just schools that must 
act. So must we act—the Congress, par-ents, and communities. We all have a stake in this, and we share the same goal—to protect at-risk students, to provide accountability for taxpayer funds, and to make sure that every child has a fair chance. 
I want to again commend my col-
leagues on both sides of the aisle for bringing this legislation to the floor. Working together we can provide all students with the education they need. 
With that, I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
S. 1722 
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak concerning the Dodd-Frank Act, which mandates the creation of 398 new rules. These rules are still in the proc-ess of being implemented, but already we have seen capital moving from pro-ductive uses to inefficient and unpro-ductive uses as a result of this law. The end result is that every dollar going to comply with these rules is a dollar that can’t be productively invested in our economy by providing loans or mort-gages to customers or purchasing ma-chines or, for that matter, hiring new employees. For example, at a recent Senate banking committee hearing, the comptroller for Regions Bank testi-fied to us that the bank now employs more compliance employees than ac-tual loan officers. This is not only bad for Regions Bank, it is harmful for our entire economy. 
Unfortunately, we see examples of 
overregulation stemming from Wash-ington way too often. Another example of an unnecessary and redundant rule that costs businesses capital is the so- called pay ratio rule buried in section 953 of Dodd-Frank, and today I come to the Senate floor introducing legisla-tion to repeal it, S. 1722. Pay ratio re-quires the Securities and Exchange Commission to promulgate a rule re-quiring companies to calculate the me-dian salary of all their employees and then divide their CEO’s pay by that number. 
According to one prominent organi-
zation in support of this rule, the pur-pose of it is to ‘‘shame companies into lowering CEO pay.’’ Forcing companies to move money from productive uses toward re-creating information that is already available so they can be shamed is a poor use of financial re-sources. In addition, it is also redun-dant. CEO pay is already public. If any-one is interested in finding the salary of a CEO of a public company, that in-formation is easily available thanks to already existing disclosures. Also, both the Bureau of Labor Statistics and pri-vate economists already track the av-erage salary for a wide variety of jobs. If we know the salary of a company’s CEO and we know what their business does, we can already calculate a com-pany’s pay ratio. In fact, labor unions and private Web sites are already mak-ing these calculations. 
Unfortunately, the result of the pay 
ratio rule is more than just an aca-demic exercise; according to the SEC, companies will have to spend $73 mil-lion per year to comply with this rule. And the U.S. Chamber of Commerce es-timates the cost will be higher—as much as $700 million per year or more. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.064 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4931 July 9, 2015 
If we take those two numbers and split 
the difference, if we add them up and divide them, we get $386 million per year as an average estimate just to comply with this one single rule. 
Taking a look at this rule, let’s use 
our own pay ratio test. In 2014, the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics calculated that the annual mean wage was $47,230. If we divide $386 million, which is the cost of complying with the pay ratio rule, by $47,230, which is the mean an-nual wage for workers, we get the num-ber 8,172. This means that on average we could pay 8,172 people their full sal-ary for the amount of money it takes to comply with the pay ratio rule. Re-member, this is only one of 398 such rules found within Dodd-Frank, a num-ber of which have not even been imple-mented yet. 
The money they would use to do this 
has to come from somewhere to pay for the new compliance systems required to follow this rule, taking away much needed capital from businesses that could otherwise invest money growing their business and creating job oppor-tunities. It is a waste of time, effort, and money. 
The legislation I introduced yester-
day simply strikes this rule in Dodd- Frank. It does nothing to change any other part of the law. Repealing the pay ratio rule would allow companies to find more productive uses for their time and money so they can invest in the future and create job opportunities. 
I am committed to relieving Ameri-
cans from this and other unnecessary and burdensome regulations during my time in the Senate. I encourage my col-leagues to join me in this effort. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak on an amendment that has great significance for our country. It is about early learning. I will give you the for-mal name of the amendment so we have it for the record: Casey amend-ment No. 2152, the strong start for America’s children amendment, which is an amendment to the Every Child Achieves Act that will establish a Fed-eral-State partnership to provide ac-cess to high-quality and public pre-kindergarten education for low- and moderate-income families. 
We have had a debate, especially over 
the last couple of days, about our com-mitment to basic education, so-called elementary and secondary education. As part of that, I think it is the time to finally, at long last, have a debate about early learning on the floor of the U.S. Senate. It has been a long time 
since that has happened. 
I thank the folks who have made it 
possible for us to get to this point to consider an amendment like this and to have this debate about the larger legislation but also about this amend-ment, in particular. Senator A
LEX-
ANDER and Senator M URRAY were lead-
ing the effort to consider the Every Child Achieves Act, but also, in par-ticular, I again salute Senator M
URRAY  
for her many years, as you might call it, laboring in the vineyards of early learning, as she has done on so many other issues—since the first stage, she has been in the Senate working on early learning. I thank Senator H
IRONO  
for her work on this issue as well, in proposing legislation which has come together now after a lot of years of work by a number of us in the Senate. We are grateful for their contribution. 
I also ask unanimous consent to add 
Senator B
OOKER as a cosponsor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, what this 
comes down to is something very fun-damental. The basic link between learning and earning—if children learn more now or learn more when they are very young, they are going to earn a lot more down the road. They are going to do better in school. They are going to succeed in progressing in school in a way we would hope, no matter where they live and no matter what their cir-cumstances, if we make the commit-ment to those children. Because of that success and progress and learning, they will learn more down the road. We know a more developed education leads to great success in school and also leads to a better job down the road. 
This isn’t simply a commitment to a 
child. It certainly is that first and fore-most, but it is also a commitment to our long-term economic future. If you want higher wages and you want better jobs and you want a growing economy and you want America not only to compete in a world economy but outcompete and have the best work-force, the best workers in the world, we have to make sure we have the best education system. That starts long be-fore a child gets to first or second grade and even starts before they get to kindergarten. That is why I refer to this as pre-K or prekindergarten edu-cation. If they learn more now, they will earn more later. We have to make sure we bear that in mind. 
As we debate the appropriate role of 
the Federal Government to ensure that all students in the Nation graduate from high school prepared for college and career, we cannot forget about this basic piece of the puzzle that begins be-fore that child enters kindergarten. 
In the short term, students enter kin-
dergarten more prepared and ready for elementary school if we pass legisla-tion like the amendment I am pro-posing. Some studies have even shown high-quality early learning can help double a child’s cognitive development. High quality and early learning can 
double a child’s cognitive development. 
In the long term, high-quality early 
learning—we want to emphasize ‘‘high quality.’’ I didn’t say just any program or any kind of curriculum. We will talk more about that later. High-quality early learning contributes to, among other things, No. 1, a reduction in the need for special education; No. 2, lower juvenile justice rates; No. 3, improved health outcomes; No. 4, increased high school graduation and college matricu-lation rates; and, No. 5, increased self- sufficiency in productivity among fam-ilies. These aren’t just assertions. These are the results of many years of study. 
I will turn to the first chart for 
today. No. 1, high-quality early learn-ing means children can earn as much as 25 percent more as adults. This is where early learning has a direct and substantial correlation to higher wages down the road. No. 2, early learning leads to healthier and more productive lives. There is no question about that. Some of the best research on this has been done lately and should be part of the discussion. No. 3, high-quality early learning also leads to children who are less likely to commit a crime. All the data shows that over many years now. No. 4, high-quality early learning means children are more like-ly to graduate from high school. 
We need to get that number up across 
the country. We hope that will lead to more young people finishing high school and getting higher education, but that doesn’t always mean a 4-year degree. It might mean a 2-year degree. It might mean a community college. It might mean a technical school. They can’t get to a community or technical school or any kind of higher education unless they graduate from high school. We want to make sure we have pro-grams that do that. Kids learn more now and earn more later. That is the first reason to do this. It has a positive impact on that child and a substan-tially positive impact on the economy. 
The other way to look at this is what 
would happen in the absence of this kind of commitment, which we don’t have right now as a nation. I think it is a strategic imperative that we have a commitment to early learning. But what happens if we don’t? We can spend upward of $40,000 per inmate on incar-ceration, thousands of dollars on drug treatment and special education. What-ever the challenge is, those problems become worse the longer we don’t make this commitment. That is one option. 
The other option is to spend a frac-
tion of that $40,000 on high-quality pre-school and give children the good and smart start they need in life. It is that old adage: An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. 
We often have the best testimony 
from folks in our home State. I want to read one of those pieces of testimony. This is a letter I received. I will not read the whole letter. I want to refer to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.066 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4932 July 9, 2015 
a couple of individuals from Pennsyl-
vania. Heather is from Southwestern Pennsylvania, and she wrote to us talking about her child. She is talking about the fact that her daughter is en-rolled in a high-quality pre-K program. These are positive testimonials about the impact on the child and on the family. Heather, from southwestern Pennsylvania, wrote to us and told us that her daughter is enrolled in a high- quality pre-K program. These letters are positive testimonials that describe the impact this program has on a child and family. 
Heather says in pertinent part: 
My daughter has blossomed since starting 
the PA Pre-K Counts program . . . she loves it!! She sings us songs she learns daily and has made lots of friends daily she tells us how much she loves her school and her teachers! 
It goes on from there. 
Another letter from Dorie D., also 
from the southwestern corner of our State, out near Pittsburgh, says: 
Our daughter has blossomed since starting 
the PA Pre-K Counts program. Having this program available to us has helped us see how our child learns best. 
She goes on to say: 
She is just so much more animated and 
open to learning now. 
We get letters like these all the time 
about the positive impact of early learning. This is testimony from people who are directly affected by it. 
One way to look at this is from the 
testimony of families. Another way to look at it is from the data. One of the best authorities is Dr. James Heckman, the Nobel Prize-winning economist who estimates that the return on high-qual-ity early learning is as high as $10 for every $1 we invest. Another study of the Perry Preschool Project in Michi-gan showed a return of $17 for every $1 spent. So when you spend a buck on early learning, you get 17 bucks in re-turn. This study has been on the record for many years, and unfortunately some elected officials haven’t taken it to heart. 
The data of return on investment is 
overwhelming and indisputable. So if we want to measure this in terms of dollars, there is all of the evidence in the world. I think the evidence and the testimony from parents is even more persuasive, but if we want to do a dol-lar comparison, there it is—17 bucks returned on 1 buck of investment in early learning. 
The same research found that chil-
dren who participated in high-quality early learning earned approximately 25 percent more per year than those who did not. 
So study after study looking at full- 
day learning programs across the coun-try have found a positive impact on the future earnings of participants, and in some cases the benefit just from in-creased wages could be as high as 3.5 percent per year. So this does have a direct correlation to wages. My strong start amendment would help more than 3 million American children have that opportunity for high-quality early 
learning, and it would give them access to those kinds of programs. 
My home State of Pennsylvania has 
made strides in this direction at the State level. That is the good news. The bad news is that they have not made anywhere near the strides we need to make. We are nowhere near 50 percent of our children in these kinds of pro-grams. So because of that, because of that void or that deficit, the number for Pennsylvania in terms of benefits is high. It is estimated that 93,930 chil-dren in the State of Pennsylvania could benefit from this amendment being enacted into law. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the document entitled ‘‘Five- Year Estimates of Federal Allotments and the Number of Children Served By Casey Strong Start Amendment’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FIVE-YEAR ESTIMATES OF FEDERAL ALLOTMENTS AND THE 
NUMBER OF CHILDREN SERVED BY CASEY STRONG START AMENDMENT 
(funding in dollars) 
State Federal Allotment $ Estimated 
Children Served 
Alabama .............................. 429,922,966 51,804 
Alaska ................................. 130,998,000 15,643 Arizona ................................ 656,508,117 80,170 Arkansas ............................. 315,518,722 34,630 California ............................ 3,139,171,848 356,816 Colorado .............................. 366,496,715 43,250 Connecticut ......................... 199,660,755 21,673 Delaware ............................. 130,998,000 15,789 District of Columbia ........... 130,998,000 12,666 Florida ................................. 1,440,455,110 161,553 Georgia ................................ 917,616,106 101,756 Hawaii ................................. 130,998,000 16,099 Idaho ................................... 153,654,734 18,800 Illinois ................................. 961,484,302 108,064 Indiana ................................ 530,095,397 65,147 Iowa ..................................... 241,549,933 26,707 Kansas ................................ 259,275,568 30,942 Kentucky .............................. 411,598,742 47,475 Louisiana ............................. 455,185,965 52,223 Maine .................................. 130,998,000 15,427 Maryland ............................. 361,451,446 40,378 Massachusetts .................... 268,510,976 30,552 Michigan ............................. 704,261,046 82,020 Minnesota ............................ 344,519,863 41,581 Mississippi .......................... 341,868,957 42,015 
Missouri ............................... 448,967,945 54,565 Montana .............................. 130,998,000 16,099 Nebraska ............................. 147,742,118 17,666 Nevada ................................ 252,190,201 30,808 New Hampshire ................... 130,998,000 16,099 New Jersey ........................... 448,992,376 42,744 New Mexico ......................... 227,159,310 27,175 New York ............................. 1,234,026,608 137,136 North Carolina ..................... 872,086,515 101,598 North Dakota ....................... 130,998,000 16,099 Ohio ..................................... 976,595,679 118,760 Oklahoma ............................ 323,544,733 34,739 Oregon ................................. 292,466,846 33,472 Pennsylvania ....................... 817,003,895 93,930 Puerto Rico .......................... 453,536,785 55,738 Rhode Island ....................... 130,998,000 16,035 South Carolina .................... 514,947,370 61,478 South Dakota ...................... 130,998,000 16,099 Tennessee ............................ 585,849,905 68,313 Texas ................................... 2,670,071,687 299,902 Utah .................................... 283,952,191 34,897 Vermont ............................... 130,998,000 15,224 Virginia ................................ 461,782,685 53,967 Washington ......................... 511,392,470 60,180 West Virginia ....................... 150,649,562 15,676 Wisconsin ............................ 455,857,852 50,212 Wyoming .............................. 130,998,000 16,099 
Total ........................... 26,199,600,001 3,017,891 
Notes: Table prepared by the Congressional Research Service. Estimates 
were developed using assumptions and some may not be subject to change. Estimates of children served assume the cost of serving each child would be $9,000 per child in every state. 
Mr. CASEY. That is a list of the dol-
lar amounts that States would receive under this. They have to choose to par-ticipate, but if they did, they would have not just the dollars for it but the children served. So my amendment 
would benefit 3 million children across the country and almost 94,000 children in Pennsylvania. In Ohio, 118,760 chil-dren would benefit from this program. Even a very large State that might not have the investment we would hope, a State such as Texas, has 299,902 chil-dren—let’s just round it off and call it 300,000—who would benefit. 
This chart shows the number of chil-
dren who would benefit, and I believe it is long overdue that we made this com-mitment to our children. 
The State would have to match, and 
that is why I mentioned it at the be-ginning. This is a Federal and State partnership. And we know if that hap-pens, the full-day preschool would be available for 4-year-olds—that is the age category we are focused on—from families earning 200 percent below the Federal poverty level. So if it is a fam-ily of four, 200 percent is a little less than $49,000 of family income. 
Earlier, I mentioned quality. We 
don’t want to just have programs set up around the country—a Federal and State partnership and have a program. That would be nice, but it won’t ad-vance the goal of the best possible learning. We want high-quality pro-grams. So we insist that the programs be ones that have teachers with high qualifications who are paid comparably to K-through-12 teachers. We would also insist that there be rigorous health and safety standards for these programs, such as small class sizes and low child-to-staff ratios, and instruc-tion that is evidence-based and devel-opmentally appropriate. We don’t want to have just any curriculum; we want to have the best curriculum that is based on evidence that it works and also evidence-based comprehensive services for children. 
This amendment acknowledges that 
high-quality pre-K programs should be inclusive of services for children with disabilities as well and recognizes the need for increased funding to specifi-cally serve these children in early childhood. 
There are other aspects of the pro-
gram I do not have time to discuss right now, but I wanted to address an issue some people have brought to my attention. This program is a new com-mitment by the United States of Amer-ica, and even folks who say this is a really good idea ask: How do you pay for it? 
Well, we have a pay-for. There is a 
change to the Tax Code, which I think a lot of folks would support because of what we have seen over the last couple of years. To pay for this, we would put limits on the ability of American com-panies to invert and move their tax domicile overseas to reduce their tax liability. That is a long way of saying we would make it more difficult for companies to engage in this so-called inversion strategy which allows them, through a loophole, to pay less taxes because they move operations into a smaller company that is foreign owned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.067 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4933 July 9, 2015 
I believe we should make it more dif-
ficult for companies to do that. If they want to do that—I don’t like when they do that, and not many people like it— we should at least make it a little more difficult. If we make it more dif-ficult for companies to do what we hope they wouldn’t, that will actually lead to a savings in revenue. 
It would make a lot of sense for 
American companies that believe they should move overseas to help us pay for early learning. I think that makes all the sense in the world if we are com-mitted to early learning and if we are committed to making sure we can pay for the program. The amendment itself is paid for by dealing with this loop-hole or dealing with part of an advan-tage companies have. 
This amendment is supported by 
nearly 40 national organizations, from unions, to parent education and early learning groups, disability advocacy groups, and civil rights groups. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have the full list of endorsing organizations printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
List of Organizations Endorsing Casey 
Amendment #2152 to S. 1177—The Strong Start for America’s Children Amendment 
1. American Federation of State, County, 
and Municipal Employees 
2. American Federation of Teachers 3. American Federation of School Adminis-
trators 
4. Bazelon Center 5. Child Care Aware America 
6. Center for American Progress Action 
Fund 
7. Center for the Collaborative Classrom 8. Children’s Defense Fund 9. Center for Law and Social Policy 10. Collaborative for Academic, Social, and 
Emotional Learning 
11. Common Sense Kids Action 12. Easter Seals 13. Education Law Center 14. First Five Year’s Fund 15. First Focus Campaign for Children 16. Leadership Conference on Civil and 
Human Rights 
17. Learning Disabilities Association of 
America 
18. National Association for the Advance-
ment of Colored People 
19. National Association for the Education 
of Young Children 
20. National Association of Councils on De-
velopmental Disabilities 
21. National Association of Elementary 
School Principals 
22. National Association of School Psy-
chologists 
23. National Association of State Directors 
of Special Education 
24. National Black Child Development In-
stitute 
25. National Center for Families Learning 26. National Council of La Raza 27. National Urban League 28. National Women’s Law Center 29. National Education Association 30. Nemours Children’s Health System 31. Parents as Teachers 32. School Social Work Association of 
America 
33. Service Employee International Union 34. Teach For America 35. Teaching Strategies 36. The Committee for Children 
37. The National Down Syndrome Congress 38. Tourette Association of America 39. Zero to Three 
Mr. CASEY. Just a couple of more 
points, and I will move on. 
Even with these recent gains, accord-
ing to one of the national groups that track this data, the National Institute of Early Education and Research, NIEER, shows that only 4 in 10 Amer-ican 4-year-olds are enrolled in public pre-K and fewer than 2 in 10 3-year- olds. Let’s just focus on the 4-year- olds. Four in ten 4-year-olds are in these kinds of programs. 
I don’t know how we can compete 
and have the best workforce in the world and develop the highest skill level in the world for our future if we don’t make a commitment to early learning. I don’t know how else we can get there over time if we are going to continue to talk a good game about early learning. And to listen to the tes-timony of parents, CEOs, and business owners who come to us year after year, in addition to talking to us about tax-ation and other issues—they say: Please, please make an investment in early learning. Some of the biggest companies in Pennsylvania and some of the biggest companies in the world have come to us and said that. Whether it is a CEO or a parent or an educator, they all believe we have to finally, at long last, make a commitment to early learning as a nation because it is a strategic economic imperative. 
Even in Pennsylvania, where I men-
tioned before that we made some strides over basically the last decade or 15 years, we rank 10th in the amount of State resources invested. That is kind of good news but not enough. Pennsyl-vania is still only able to serve less than 10 percent of all 3- and 4-year-olds in State funding for early learning. 
I think that at the same time we can 
make the academic arguments—the ar-guments by parents and educators and CEOs—we also know that the national data and polling show it is something the American people support as well. The American people understand the vital importance of increasing invest-ment in early learning. 
A national poll conducted last year 
by the bipartisan team at Public Opin-ion Strategies and Hart Research showed that 64 percent of Americans believe we should be doing more to en-sure that children start kindergarten ready to do their best. 
Here is another way to summarize it. 
This chart shows voters who say we should be doing more to ensure that children start kindergarten ready to do their best, and virtually no one else says we should do less. Those who say we should do more to ensure our chil-dren start kindergarten ready to learn and ready to do their best—64 percent. Twenty-seven percent say we should do enough. We have to persuade some of those folks in green. Only 4 percent say we should do less. I don’t know who those folks are. I hope I can meet them and talk to them. But the over-
whelming majority of Americans say we need to do more to give children the opportunity to be prepared to learn and therefore to have a strong start in their education and down the road to literally earn more when they are working. 
This support runs across all parties— 
55 percent of Republicans, 63 percent of Independents, and 73 percent of Demo-crats. 
When asked about a similar proposal 
to the one in my amendment, 7 in 10 Americans, including 67 percent of Re-publicans, support it. So it has over-whelming support. 
I will end with the words of the folks 
who know the benefit of these pro-grams already—some of the parents who wrote to us. There are two more letters I will cite. 
The next testimonial is from Beth. 
She is from Washington County, PA. She expresses gratitude for the Penn-sylvania pre-K program. She says: 
My daughter has learned so much. Before 
the start of PA Pre-K Counts, she couldn’t write any of her letters or even recognize them. She has improved so much since the first day of class. It has given her socializa-tion with other kids her age. 
She goes on to tell how much that 
means to her family and how much that means to her daughter. 
Finally, Megan, who is from the 
other end of the State, southeastern Pennsylvania in Montgomery County, says in part that her son ‘‘came into this program shy and with very little verbal communication. He now talks nonstop and loves learning!’’ 
I have only read brief excerpts from 
letters we have received. 
Here is the point: If a child enters a 
program and by the end of that is curi-ous about learning, that is a huge suc-cess. If a child enters a program not knowing her letters and by the end of that she is learning and achieving, that is something we can all be positive about. 
The first letter I read talked about 
the way one mother’s child was singing songs that she learns daily. Whatever it is, whether it is singing or learning letters or reading, these children are learning because of a good program. It didn’t just happen by accident. It hap-pened because they are in a high-qual-ity program. It happened because in some communities they made the deci-sion to invest in the future of that child and the future of our economy. 
So let’s take a step with this amend-
ment to allow children to learn more now so they can earn more later and help us move into the future in a very positive direction for our children, for our families, and for our economy. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak in strong support of an amendment to this underlying bill that addresses resource equity in our Na-tion’s schools. I am proud to have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.069 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4934 July 9, 2015 
worked across party lines to join my 
colleagues in supporting this bipar-tisan amendment, particularly to have worked with Senators K
IRK, REED of 
Rhode Island, and B ROWN on this meas-
ure. It is an improvement to the long- overdue reauthorization of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act that we have been debating over the course of this week. 
The Every Child Achieves Act impor-
tantly focuses on ensuring that those students most in need have access to a high-quality education. It continues to ensure that title I funds flow to school districts where Federal support can make the greatest impact and the most difference. It requires States to report key information that will help us iden-tify disparities such as per-pupil ex-penditures, school discipline, and teacher and educator quality. But I be-lieve we must further strengthen those reporting requirements in order to fully ensure that the range of critical school resources—from quality teach-ers, to rigorous course work, to well- conditioned and equipped school facili-ties—is being equitably distributed among school districts in a given State. And we must require States to demonstrate how they will act to ad-dress disparities among schools. 
Despite the advances we have seen 
since President Johnson signed the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act into law 50 years ago, significant gaps in achievement and opportunity still exist. The U.S. Department of Education’s Office of Civil Rights re-cently published data from a com-prehensive survey of schools across the Nation that illustrated the magnitude of the problem. For example, the report describes how Black, Latino, American Indian, and Native Alaskan students and English learners attend schools with higher concentrations of inexperi-enced teachers. 
Furthermore, nationwide, one in five 
high schools lacks a school counselor, and between 10 and 25 percent of high schools across the Nation do not offer more than one of the core courses in the typical sequence of high school math and science. 
In my home State of Wisconsin, high-
er poverty and higher minority school districts remain more likely to have inexperienced teachers. The Depart-ment of Education has data that shows that, for example, in Milwaukee, where there are the most high-poverty and high-minority schools in our State, 8 percent of teachers are in their first year of teaching and 19 percent of teachers lack State certification. The State average is 5.6 percent for first- year teachers and 0.3 percent for those who lack certification. 
As with the Nation, achievement 
gaps follow these disparities. According to data from the National Center for Education Statistics, there are star-tling differences in student proficiency and graduation rates both in Wisconsin and nationally. For example, the aver-age math proficiency in low-per-forming schools in my home State is 12 
percent. The average in all other schools in the State is 51 percent. That is a huge gap; it is a 40-percent gap. There is also a 37-percent gap for read-ing and language arts proficiency and a 31-percent gap in graduation rates. 
We cannot close those achievement 
gaps if we do not provide all students with equal access to core educational resources. That is why I am pleased to join Senators K
IRK, REED, and B ROWN  
in offering this opportunity dashboard of core resources amendment. This amendment requires each State to re-port what key educational resources are currently available in districts with the highest concentrations of mi-nority students and students in pov-erty. Then it requires them to develop a plan to address the disparities that are shown to exist. It gives States flexibility to develop those plans and lay out a timetable with annual bench-marks for taking action, and it pro-tects a parent’s right to know about the critical educational resources that are available to his or her child. 
As we work to reauthorize the Ele-
mentary and Secondary Education Act in its 50th year, we have yet to see its promise of equal access to educational opportunity fulfilled for all of Amer-ica’s students. As we look to the next half-century of supporting public edu-cation, it is critical that we take steps to ensure that all children have access to the educational resources that will help them succeed, regardless of race, ethnicity, or family income. 
I understand there may be a vote on 
this amendment early next week. I cer-tainly hope so. I urge my colleagues to support this very important bipartisan effort. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXPERIMENTS IN POLICY 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, when I 
return home to my State during our district work periods—the time when the Senate is not in session—as I get a chance to travel my State, as the Pre-siding Officer does in his, I always feel as though I learn something, and I ap-preciate a little bit more how different policies can have a different impact and produce different results. 
As the distinguished Senator from 
Wisconsin was speaking about the im-portance of education, I couldn’t help but think that we all agree with that, but we have maybe some differences on which policies actually produce a bet-ter result. I couldn’t help but think a little bit about that last week as I was visiting some of the ranchers and folks in west Texas in the ag sector who 
were very interested in what we were doing here in Washington on trade pro-motion authority, as we have worked with the President on a bipartisan basis to pass this structure by which the next big trade agreement—the Trans-Pacific Partnership—will be con-sidered and voted on. 
I do have a bias. I think experiments 
in policy are best conducted at the State level, not at the national level. We have seen, for example, as the Pre-siding Officer knows, a huge experi-ment in health care reform where, under the Affordable Care Act, one- sixth of our economy was effectively commandeered by the Federal Govern-ment in a one-size-fits-all approach. Of course, the results were much worse than even its most ardent opponents predicted. Many of the basic promises that were made in order to sell the Af-fordable Care Act simply aren’t true. They haven’t come to pass. 
So I think it is helpful to do just the 
opposite. Rather than experiment at the national level with what kinds of policies actually work, let’s try these at the State level. Indeed, on the mat-ter of trade, I would say I come from a State that is the No. 1 exporting State in the country, and that is one reason why our economy grew last year— 2014—at 5.2 percent. The economy across the United States grew at 2.2 percent. There are a lot of reasons for that difference, but don’t we think it would make some people curious about whether there were actually policies or practices at the State level that pro-duced a better result—a growing econ-omy with rising wages and more jobs? 
This isn’t just me being proud of 
where I come from. I guess people are accustomed to Texans being proud of their State and bragging about it. That is just kind of who we are, and we ac-cept that. But this is more than that. This is talking about the policies that actually work, that have been em-braced and implemented here at the national level, once tested at the State level—we could actually see a better outcome for all of America. 
For example, Texas farmers and 
ranchers know from our experience in Texas that trade is a good thing. As we begin to explain and explore the impor-tance of trade promotion authority, the idea that we comprise roughly 5 percent of the world’s population—in other words, 95 percent of the world’s population is beyond our shores but we represent 20 percent of the world’s pur-chasing power—why wouldn’t we want to open up our goods and services and the things we grow and make to these markets abroad so that more people can buy the things we grow and raise and what we make? 
I wish to speak about another inno-
vation or at least another practice at the State level that has had an impact on the quality of education at the State level. As we continue the discus-sion of the Every Child Achieves Act— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.070 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4935 July 9, 2015 
legislation that will hopefully help im-
prove the results for 50 million chil-dren—I am glad we will be bringing an-other tried-and-true example of what has happened at the State level to the national level. 
I was happy to cosponsor with the 
senior Senator from Virginia an amendment which takes into account the commonsense purpose of encour-aging the States to conduct efficiency reviews of school districts and cam-puses to make sure Federal dollars de-livered to each classroom are spent as cost-effectively as possible. This amendment builds on an incredibly successful program in Texas—one that brings greater accountability to our schools and helps them discern how they can make each dollar go just a lit-tle bit further. This program is called the Financial Allocation Study for Texas, or FAST. It was developed by the Texas comptroller, Susan Combs— the immediate past comptroller of the State of Texas—to evaluate the oper-ational efficiency of the school dis-tricts and campuses across our State. To do that, the comptroller uses data about school finances, school demo-graphics, and academic performance from each school and campus around the State to help measure academic achievement relative to spending. 
There is a broadly held fallacy that 
the quality of educational outputs is equal to how much money we put into it. In other words, if we want a better product—education—all we have to do is spend more money. I would say that is demonstrably false. There are many of our parochial schools that do an out-standing job of educating their stu-dents at a fraction of what our public schools do. So I think it is a fallacy to say that if we want more or better edu-cation, all we have to do is spend more money. There is a smarter, more effi-cient way to deal with that, and that is what the financial allocation study is designed to achieve—to measure aca-demic achievement relative to spend-ing. 
As the senior Senator from Virginia 
explained earlier, this successful Texas model of a fiscally responsible edu-cation system caught his eye when he was Governor of Virginia, and fortu-nately he then implemented a similar program. In Virginia, the savings came from commonsense recommendations— again, as we did in Texas—things such as introducing software programs to improve bus routes, enhancing methods of facilities management, and encour-aging best practices in hiring and per-sonnel management. 
While more States have adopted 
similar programs, these money-saving opportunities should be available to all school districts nationwide. So now, 
with the adoption of this amendment just yesterday and with the eventual passage of the Every Child Achieves Act, we can make sure school districts all across the country are using their dollars for what they are really in-tended—classroom education—not stuck in the back office bureaucracy. As many of us have already men-
tioned, the underlying legislation, the Every Child Achieves Act, is really about putting the responsibility for our children’s education back in the hands of parents, local school districts, and teachers—the people who are actually closer to the issue, closer to the prob-lems, and the ones who perhaps know more than any bureaucrat in Wash-ington could ever hope to know about what actually works at the local level. It is also about flexibility, meaning it is up to individual States, not just the Federal Government, to determine how to achieve the best outcome for all of our students. Importantly, I should add, that flexibility translates into greater options for schools across the country by giving States additional freedom to create and replicate high- quality charter schools, for example, and giving more parents more choices, as I said, for their children’s education. 
I am very proud of the good progress 
we have made across a number of issues this year so far—passing the anti-human trafficking laws and fi-nally cracking the code on how we pay physicians under Medicare adequately rather than temporarily patching that problem, as we have for so many years. We passed a budget for the first time since 2009 that balances in 10 years. And, yes, we worked with the President of the United States on a bipartisan basis to pass trade promotion author-ity. Next week, we will conclude this Every Child Achieves Act by reforming our early and elementary childhood education system to get more of the power, to get more of the authority out of Washington and back to parents, teachers, and the States, where it real-ly belongs. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, we 
have been living under No Child Left Behind, or NCLB, for 13 years. During that time, we have learned a lot about how NCLB works and a lot more about what doesn’t work. Students, teachers, and parents across the country have been waiting a long time for us to fix 
this law. 
As a member of the Senate Health, 
Education, Labor and Pensions Com-mittee, I am proud to have worked on the legislation before us today and to have helped to get it this far. The Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 builds a strong bipartisan foundation to re-form our national education system, and I thank Chairman L
AMAR ALEX-
ANDER and Ranking Member P ATTY  
MURRAY for their leadership on this 
bill. 
Over the last 6 years, I have met with 
principals and teachers, students, par-ents, and school administrators in Min-
nesota. These conversations have helped me to develop my educational priorities to help improve our schools, our communities, and our Nation’s fu-ture. I worked with colleagues on both sides of the aisle, including the es-teemed Presiding Officer, to find com-mon ground, and I am very pleased that many of my priorities to improve student outcomes and close the achievement gap are reflected in the legislation that is before us today. 
During my conversations with par-
ents and students, I often speak about children’s mental health. At Mounds View school district in Minnesota, I met a single mother named Katie Johnson. She told me about her son, a 9-year-old boy whose behavior she just wasn’t able to control. Because this school had a system in place—a mental health model in place—they were able to identify that he might have some mental health problems and get him access to community mental health services. He was diagnosed with ADHD and Asperger’s. He was able to get the treatment he needed, and it turned him around. Katie told me that her son is now doing well in school and he had taken up Tae Kwon Do. Katie told me that her life had been out of control when she couldn’t control her child. But she pointed to herself—and I will never forget this—she pointed to her-self and said: ‘‘Now I am bulletproof. I can do anything.’’ 
Well, I said, let’s do this. So I came 
here and introduced the Mental Health in Schools Act, and I am proud that over the last couple of years we have gotten $100-plus million extra through the appropriations process for pro-grams like the one in that bill. 
I have worked hard to get provisions 
based on my Mental Health in Schools Act into the bill before us today. My provisions will allow schools that want to work with community-based mental health organizations and mental health providers to use Federal education funding to provide mental health screening, treatment, and referral serv-ices to their students by equipping school staff with the training and tools to identify what it looks like when a kid has a mental illness. Every adult in this school, from the lunch lady to the principal, from the schoolbus driver to the teacher, was trained to see what it looked like when a kid might have a serious mental health issue, and then they would refer to the professional in the school, the counselor or school psy-chologist. 
One of the most common features of 
successful schools in disadvantaged communities is the presence of an ef-fective school principal. This should come as no surprise. It is a matter of common sense to expect that a success-ful school or any successful organiza-tion would have a strong leader. Re-search shows that school leadership is one of the most critical components of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.072 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4936 July 9, 2015 
improving student learning. Yet, de-
spite its importance, the Federal Gov-ernment has not devoted adequate at-tention or resources to improving the quality of principals in high-need schools. That is why I made sure that there is dedicated funding written into the base bill to create a pipeline of ef-fective principals for high-need schools. 
I had a roundtable a number of years 
ago. The roundtable was with prin-cipals from around the Twin Cities. A school had been turned around by a great principal. We started talking about testing. One of the principals re-ferred to the NCLB test as ‘‘autopsies.’’ I knew immediately what he meant. Schools had to administer an NCLB 
test toward the end of the year—to-ward the end of April—and the school and the teachers didn’t get the results until late June, when the kids were out of school. So the teachers couldn’t use the results of the tests to inform the instruction of their kids. I found out that was why in Minnesota schools were administering other tests in addi-tion to the NCLB test. On top of that, they were giving computer adaptive tests. What are computer adaptive tests? Well, they are computers—mean-ing the teacher gets the results right away, so he or she can use the results of that test to inform the instruction of each child. They are adaptive, which means that if a child is getting every-thing right, the questions get harder; if they are getting things wrong, the questions get easier. This is much more descriptive of where the child is and you can pinpoint this. This informs the instruction. 
These kinds of tests were not allowed 
in the original NCLB because they said that all tests had to be standardized— standardized, meaning having the same test for each child—but you get a much better assessment with computer adaptive tests. That is why I wrote an amendment with Senator J
OHNNY ISAK-
SON of Georgia into the Every Child 
Achieves Act to allow States to use computer adaptive tests. Teachers will now be able to create lesson plans based on how each student performs, starting the next day. They use com-puter tests to more accurately measure student growth, which is something I believe in—measuring growth and not judging whether a kid meets or what percentage of kids meet some arbitrary performance standard or proficiency standard but instead whether the school is helping every kid grow. 
The only thing I liked about No Child 
Left Behind was the name. Yet, every teacher started teaching to the mid-dle—teaching to the kids who are just below or just above that artificial line of proficiency. That was a perverse in-centive not to focus on the kid above the line or below the line. Every child achieves. That is what we are going for. 
This amendment will go a long way 
toward improving the quality of assess-ments used in our schools and will give teachers and parents more accurate 
and timely information about how their kid is growing. 
Another issue I hear about as I travel 
around Minnesota—this time from businesses—is that students graduating from our schools aren’t ready to take on the jobs that are waiting for them. This is called the skills gap. It isn’t just a problem in Minnesota; I would say it is a problem in every State. We have jobs now that are going unfilled because our graduates lack science, technology, engineering, and math, or STEM, skills. In fact, by 2018 Min-nesota employers will have to fill over 180,000 STEM-related jobs. 
So I wrote an amendment to provide 
funding to support partnerships be-tween local schools, businesses, univer-sities, and nonprofit organizations to improve student learning in STEM sub-jects. My amendment says that each State can choose how to spend and prioritize these funds, which can sup-port a wide range of STEM activities, from in-depth teacher training, to engi-neering design competitions, to im-proving the diversity of the STEM workforce. 
States can also use these funds to 
create a STEM Master Teacher Corps, which is based on my legislation called the STEM Master Teacher Corps. This will offer career-advancement opportu-nities and extra pay to exceptional STEM teachers and help them serve as mentors to less-accomplished teachers. 
Today, it is getting harder and hard-
er for students to pay for college. That is why the Presiding Officer, the good Senator from Louisiana, and I worked—and the way the cameras work, you can’t see the Presiding Offi-cer because I am talking; it is B
ILL 
CASSIDY of Louisiana—we worked to-
gether to help reduce the cost of col-lege while kids are still in high school. 
Our amendment provides funds to 
cover the costs of advanced placement and international baccalaureate exam fees for low-income students. When I did college affordability roundtables, I found students who had taken an AP course but were afraid to spend the money for the test in case they did not get the 3, 4 or 5, which gave them a credit. So this will help those students do that. 
Our amendment also includes dual 
enrollment programs and early college high schools. In Minnesota, we call them postsecondary educational oppor-tunities. These are two other models that help students earn college credit while in high school, and by partici-pating and succeeding in these pro-grams, students can save a lot of money toward college by getting col-lege credits. 
The academic programs I have men-
tioned are critical to our children’s success in school, but many kids also need additional support to help them succeed in school. For example, school counselors respond to a wide range of student needs, from dealing with the aftermath of traumatic events to school bullying, to the college admis-
sions process and career advising. But we have a shortage of school counselors in this country. 
Unfortunately, the ability of school 
counseling professionals to assess stu-dents is often hindered by a high stu-dent-to-counselor ratio, often two or three times the recommended amount. In Minnesota, we have 1 counselor for every 700 students. That is unaccept-able. So I wrote a provision that ad-
dresses this critical need by author-izing the Elementary and Secondary School Counseling Program in the Every Child Achieves legislation. 
Federal grants like this one will help 
States and districts address these high ratios between students and counselors and bring more trained professionals into schools. Another critical support for students is afterschool programs. Senator L
ISAMURKOWSKI from Alaska 
and I worked on an amendment to-gether to fund 21st Century Commu-nity Learning Centers because these afterschool programs play a critical role in increasing student achievement, keeping students safe, and helping out working families. 
There are over 100 21st Century Com-
munity Learning Centers across my State of Minnesota, and these centers provide high-quality afterschool activi-ties to help address the physical, so-cial, emotional, and academic needs of the students they serve. Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI and I worked on another 
amendment to help American Indian students. Our amendment would fund Native language immersion programs throughout Indian Country because language is critical to maintaining cul-tural heritage. Native students who are enrolled in language immersion pro-grams have higher levels of student achievement, high school graduation rates, and college attendance rates than their Native American peers in traditional English-based schools. 
Again, I am very pleased that with 
the help of my colleagues, I was able to include all of these amendments in the legislation we are considering today. These provisions will help hundreds of thousands of students throughout the country reach their full potential. 
Lastly, I would like to speak in sup-
port of Senator P
ATTY MURRAY ’s and 
Senator J OHNNY ISAKSON ’s early learn-
ing amendment that was included in the bill and Senator B
OBCASEY ’s floor 
amendment called strong start for America, which also expands access to early childhood education. This is so important. The achievement gap be-tween disadvantaged students and their peers is evident before they enter kindergarten. 
Early childhood programs can help 
narrow this gap. In fact, high-quality early childhood education programs not only help prepare our children for school, study after study shows there is a tremendous return on investment in high-quality early childhood edu-cation, ranging from $7 to $16 for every $1 spent. Kids who attend a high-qual-ity early childhood program are less 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.073 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4937 July 9, 2015 
likely to be special ed kids or to need 
special education programs, less likely to be held back a grade. They have bet-ter health outcomes, the girls are less likely to get pregnant in adolescence, they are more likely to graduate high school, more likely to go to college and graduate from college and have a good job and pay taxes, and much less likely to go to prison. 
I have been a big supporter of invest-
ing in early childhood programs for years because it is simply just common sense to do. That is why I support Sen-ator C
ASEY ’s amendment. More gen-
erally, No Child Left Behind is long overdue for the right kind of reform. With the leadership of Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER and Ranking Member M URRAY , 
my colleagues and I on the HELP Com-mittee have worked hard to incor-porate the lessons we have learned from teachers, students, parents, and school administrators and put them into this legislation. 
We have made tremendous progress 
on this bill, but we still have some work to do before it becomes law. We need to close the achievement gaps in this country. That means we should ex-pect States to focus on all of their stu-dents, including low-income and mi-nority students. At its core, the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act, passed first in 1965, is a civil rights bill that was intended to improve equality and expand opportunity for disadvan-taged students. 
So I look forward to continuing to 
work with my colleagues to strengthen the accountability provisions in this bill. I urge my colleagues to support the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 so we can keep working to support all of our Nation’s students. 
Finally, I want to flag something 
that is very important to me. I have a pending amendment to Every Child Achieves that I care an enormous amount about, the Student Non-discrimination Act, which will give LGBT—lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender students the protection they need and deserve in school. I will come back to the floor to discuss that amendment at length. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to 
talk about an issue that will have seri-ous negative consequences on the lives and the livelihoods of millions of Americans and threaten our already muddled and beleaguered health care system. Ever since the partisan and rushed passage of the so-called Afford-able Care Act, I have come to the floor dozens of times to shine a light on the problems associated with this law and to call for a swift repeal and replace-ment. 
I have not been alone. Many of my 
colleagues have been working to make this case as well. Truth be told, this has not been an altogether difficult 
case to make. Indeed, the data has re-peatedly shown that ObamaCare, de-spite the many claims of its pro-ponents, simply is not working. We have seen more evidence of this in just the past few days. For example, in a re-cent New York Times article, we all read about the dramatic proposed in-creases in health insurance premiums due to ObamaCare’s expensive man-dates and regulations. 
Now, many plans are proposing rate 
increases that average 23 percent in Il-linois, 25 percent in North Carolina, 31 percent in Oklahoma, 36 percent in Tennessee, and 54 percent in Min-nesota. I don’t know about the Pre-siding Officer, but my constituents find this unnerving. After all, one of the President’s chief justifications for his health care law was that it would actu-ally bring down the cost of health care. Once again, we are seeing that this is just another one of the many empty ObamaCare promises. 
But even more frightening than these 
proposed rate increases are the root causes of the increases. In the recent New York Times article, Nathan T. Johns, the chief financial officer of Arches Health Plan, which operates in my home State of Utah, was quoted as saying: ‘‘Our enrollees generated 24 percent more claims than we thought they would when we set our 2014 rates.’’ 
This, according to Mr. Johns, led to a 
collection of just under $40 million in premiums, while the company had to pay out more than $56 million in claims for 2014. As a result, Arches Health Plan has proposed rate in-creases averaging 45 percent for 2016 in order to remain viable. Now, I know this was not at all the intention of my Democratic colleagues who voted for this bill, but it is because of this and a myriad of other unintended con-sequences that ObamaCare has consist-ently polled below 50 percent approval since the day it was signed into law. 
Indeed, according to a compilation by 
Real Clear Politics, of the 405 polls col-lected since the law passed in March of 2010, 391 reported a majority of Ameri-cans opposing or having negative views toward ObamaCare. Unfortunately, President Obama seems to be discon-nected from this reality. In a recent trip to Tennessee, the President called for consumers to put pressure on State insurance regulators to scrutinize the proposed rate increases. He then sug-gested that if commissioners do their job and actively review the rates, his ‘‘expectation is that they’ll come in significantly lower than what’s being requested.’’ 
But as Roy Vaughn, vice president of 
the Tennessee BlueCross plan stated: 
There’s not a lot of mystery to it. We lost 
a significant amount of money in the mar-ketplace, $141 million, because we were not very accurate in predicting the utilization of health care. 
Yet President Obama fails to grasp 
the simple mathematics of the prob-lem. He is not alone. In response to the President’s call for scrutiny, the Ten-
nessee insurance commissioner was quoted as saying she would ask ‘‘hard questions of companies we regulate to protect consumers.’’ Forgive me, but I fail to understand what hard questions there are to ask. If I own a business that takes in $100 million in revenue but pays out $120 million in expenses, I will not be solvent for very long. 
What is perhaps most disconcerting 
to me in all of this are the responses these patients get from officials in the Obama administration. For example, in response to concerns about those pre-mium hikes, Health and Human Serv-ices Secretary Burwell recently argued that patients should not worry because 
there are tax subsidies available to help cover the cost. She also said they could simply shop for cheaper plans on the exchanges during the next open en-rollment period. 
Of course, in a world where insurance 
plans across the country are requesting rate increases of 26—well, 20, 30, 40, or even 50 percent or more, one has to wonder just how many cheaper plans will be available and how many sac-rifices patients will have to make in their care in order to get significant savings. While many seem to believe the Affordable Care Act received a re-prieve from the Supreme Court, I think we are actually witnessing a downward spiral of ObamaCare. I cannot help but question what supposed solutions my friends on the other side of the aisle will come up with next. 
Anyone who is being honest and who 
is listening to the American people should recognize that ObamaCare needs to be replaced with real, patient-cen-tered reforms that are designed not to control the marketplace but to actu-ally reduce the costs for hard-working patients and taxpayers. I am a co-author of such a plan, which we have called the Patient CARE Act. This leg-islative proposal, which I have put for-ward along with Senator B
URR and 
Chairman F RED UPTON in the House, 
will reduce the cost of health care in this country without all of the expen-sive mandates and regulations that are causing these major increases in health insurance premiums. 
I have talked about our proposal 
many times on the floor. I will con-tinue to do so. I know there are other ideas out there, and I think we should consider and evaluate those as well. 
Put simply, I am willing to work with anyone on either side of the aisle to fix our Nation’s health care system and to protect the American people from the negative consequences of this mis-guided law. 
My hope is that more of our col-
leagues on the other side will eventu-ally see what the majority of the American people have seen for more than 5 years: The problems with ObamaCare are not minor flaws that can be fixed with a little regulatory tinkering. They are fundamental flaws. 
The only answer is real reform, 
which addresses the skyrocketing costs of health care in America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.078 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4938 July 9, 2015 
With that, you can see that I am 
very, very concerned about ObamaCare and the fact that it is breaking Amer-ica. It is not working. Costs are going up in a rapid basis. People are not being well served. The emergency rooms, which were supposed to be spared from all of this, are just full of Medicaid and Medicare patients who cannot find doctors now. Doctors are leaving the profession because of ObamaCare, in large measure, and we can’t get help to those who really need the help because of the many restric-tions in ObamaCare. 
All I can say is that sooner or later 
we have to get off of our high horse, look at this, and look at it in a very ef-fective, nonpartisan way, and either change it or get rid of it and replace it with something that will work much better and will be something the Amer-ican people can live with. 
There were approximately 35 million 
people who did not have health insur-ance before ObamaCare. That was a big issue. The President has cited that many times. Guess how many don’t have insurance now with ObamaCare— how about 30, 35 million people. 
So has this just been a big boon-
doggle so the President can take credit for something that doesn’t work or are we going to do the thing that we all should as Members of Congress in the best interests of our citizens and change this bill and get one that really does work? 
With that, I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING VIETNAM VETERANS 
AND NORTH DAKOTA’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN VIET-NAM 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, once 
again we find ourselves on a Thursday afternoon doing some final business be-fore everybody returns home to meet with their constituents and do that work. I must say how much I appre-ciate your kind words and your atten-tion when we have been talking about those North Dakotans who were killed in action in Vietnam. 
This week the Senate commemorated 
that 50-year anniversary, and I know there are so many Members who care deeply. I know the Presiding Officer is among those Members. So I thank the Presiding Officer for his attention and his appreciation for the sacrifices of the men who I talk about weekly. 
I rise today to speak about the men 
from North Dakota who died while serving in the Vietnam war. We are currently in a 13-year commemoration period honoring the veterans of the Vietnam war. I had the privilege to 
learn from families of North Dakotans who died in the war about their loved ones—who their loved ones were and who they hoped they would be. 
Before speaking today about some of 
the 198 North Dakotans who didn’t re-turn home from Vietnam, I publicly thank Dave Logosz for his service to our State and our Nation. 
Dave is a Vietnam veteran from 
Dickinson. Dave had plans to become a mechanical engineer and enroll at Dickinson State University in art and engineering. After his first quarter, he decided to enroll in NDSU instead, but he was drafted before classes in Fargo began. 
In 1969, he landed in Vietnam in the 
Army’s 25th Infantry Division as a sniper. He says that his year in Viet-nam was a long, tough one. He was in-jured more than once while serving there. 
After David returned, he suffered 
from post-traumatic stress, but he didn’t admit it until several years ago. He says the VA counseling that he has received has made a huge difference for him. 
After his service in Vietnam, Dave 
worked for over two decades at the Dickinson plant until it closed, and then he worked for the North Dakota Department of Transportation. He says he is happily retired now. 
Dave belongs to every veterans serv-
ice organization he knows of. A few years ago, he and his wife hopped on Dave’s Harley and rode from coast to coast on a veterans memorial bike ride. They ended their trip at the Viet-nam Veterans Memorial wall in Wash-ington, DC—among a total of over 68,000 motorcycles and 911,000 people who were there. There Dave saw for the first time the name of his fellow sol-dier, Carl Berger, also from North Da-kota. 
Dave was with Carl when he was 
killed in Vietnam, and Dave carried Carl off the battlefield. Dave said that the experience of seeing Carl’s name and visiting the Vietnam Veterans Me-morial wall was emotional and heart-warming, and it gave him an idea. To give something back to his own com-munity, Dave decided to build a vet-erans memorial honoring all service-members from Stark County. 
So 3 years ago, inspired by the Viet-
nam Veterans Memorial wall in Wash-ington, DC, he began with his idea for a memorial in Dickinson. He expects to have the memorial completed this summer. 
The city of Dickinson donated space 
for the memorial park, and the memo-rial will consist of concrete and Vermont granite, listing the names of every person from Stark County who has served in the military since the Civil War and will include space for fu-ture names. 
The entire memorial is 100 feet in di-
ameter, includes 14 granite benches, and hundreds of bricks that individuals can personalize. Local artist Linda Lit-tle sculpted a 6-foot-5-inch bronze stat-
ue of a soldier saluting the panels of names. 
I really can’t wait to see this memo-
rial when it is completed and to thank Dave for his vision and hard work. 
Now I wish to talk about Carl Berger 
and 10 other North Dakotans who gave the ultimate sacrifice during their service to our country. 
CARL BERGER , JR. 
Carl Berger, Jr., a native of Mandan, 
was born August 23, 1948. He served in the Army’s 25th Infantry Division. Carl was 21 years old when he died on April 3, 1970. 
Carl was the youngest of 13 children 
who grew up on the family farm. His nieces and nephews remember him as their fun-loving uncle. Growing up, Carl attended high school at the Richardton Abbey and played the French horn. 
Carl’s siblings remember having fun 
on their farm herding sheep and work-ing together in the fields with the cat-tle and chickens. His sister Marian said that Carl was a genuine hard worker, and she is grateful that her children had an opportunity to know a man as wonderful as their Uncle Carl. 
Carl was killed in Vietnam less than 
2 months after starting his tour of duty. 
The family cherishes the memories of 
that last Christmas they all spent to-gether before Carl went to Vietnam. Carl’s parents were devastated by his death, but they were also very proud of their son, who served their country. Carl’s funeral was held during a bliz-zard, but despite that bad weather, the church was full. 
LAURENCE ZIETLOW  
Laurence Zietlow, a native of New 
Salem, was born August 30, 1928. He served as a sergeant major in the Army. Laurence was 39 years old when he died on October 3, 1967. 
Laurence’s desire to join the Army 
was so strong that he enlisted before graduating from high school. During his graduation ceremony, his diploma was given to his mother, Sophie Zietlow. 
Prior to serving in Vietnam, Lau-
rence also spent tours of duty in Japan, Germany, and Korea. Laurence’s sister Leone said that a lot of Laurence’s friends have told her how great a guy he was and that he would have given the shirt off his back. Laurence’s sister Helen told her local newspaper that he didn’t talk about many experiences from Vietnam, but he did describe buy-ing gifts for Vietnamese children living in orphanages. 
Laurence was killed in Vietnam when 
a landmine exploded near him. He was recognized with several awards, includ-ing the Air Medal, the Military Merit Medal, the Gallantry Cross with Palm Medal, the Purple Heart, and the Bronze Star. 
In addition to his mother and sib-
lings, Laurence was survived by his three children: Larry, Terry, and Kristi. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.080 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4939 July 9, 2015 
KENNETH ‘‘KENNY ’’ JOHNER  
Kenneth ‘‘Kenny’’ Johner enlisted 
while living in Noonan, and he was born on December 29, 1946. He served in the Marine Corps’ 3rd Marines, 3rd Ma-rine Division. Kenny died on March 21, 1967. He was only 20 years old. 
Kenny was the third of 15 children. 
He enlisted in the Marines right after graduating from Noonan High School. He and two of his brothers, Gene and Jerry, made North Dakota history as the first three brothers in the State to enlist in the Marines at the same time. Two other brothers, George and Brian, also joined the Marines later. 
Their mom Helen says the oldest 
three boys were so close that one wouldn’t even go to prom if the others didn’t. 
Regarding his service in Vietnam, 
Kenny told his mother many times, ‘‘God has a different plan for me. I am on a special mission and I won’t be here very long.’’ 
In Vietnam, a few days before Kenny 
was scheduled to travel to Okinawa to meet his brother Gene for R&R, Kenny was wounded. About 3 weeks later, Kenny died from his wounds. 
In appreciation for the sacrifices he 
made, Kenny’s family has named a nephew and a grand-nephew after him. 
RONALD ‘‘COOKIE ’’ MCNEILL  
Ronald ‘‘Cookie’’ McNeill was born 
March 29, 1949, and he was from Mott. He served in the Marine Corps’ 1st Bat-talion, 7th Marines, 1st Marine Divi-sion. He was 21 years old when he died on August 4, 1970. 
Ronald was one of four children and 
everyone called him Cookie. He got the nickname Cookie as a baby because his older brother Rick couldn’t say Ron, so he named him Cookie and the name stuck. 
Rick said Ronald loved hunting and 
fishing, and Rick remembers the times the boys were playing hockey together on a nearby river and ended up with 11 stitches between the two of them. 
Ronald joined the Marine Corps 
shortly after graduating from high school. He died less than 3 months after starting his tour of duty in Viet-nam. 
In addition to his siblings, Ronald 
left behind his wife Beverly and their son Barry. 
DOUGLAS KLOSE  
Douglas Klose was from Jamestown, 
and he was born June 14, 1947. He served in the Army’s 1st Infantry Divi-sion. Douglas died on October 27, 1968. He was 21 years old. 
Douglas—or Doug, as he was known 
by many—grew up on a dairy farm. He had five siblings. According to his sis-ter Barbara, when he was young, Doug-las walked around the yard picking up ‘‘treasures’’ and stored them in his pockets. Douglas’s uncle gave him the nickname ‘‘Hunk of Junk’’ because he always had junk in his pockets. 
Douglas’s appreciation for his family 
farm extended into college. He at-tended NDSU and studied animal science. According to his adviser who always spoke highly of him, Douglas 
did very well in college. 
His two sisters, Barbara and Renee, 
remember how soft-spoken and helpful Douglas was. Renee, the youngest in the family, was Douglas’s pet. He al-ways looked out for her and he was a very loving brother. 
In his free time, Douglas liked to 
drive around in his father’s 1962 Chev-rolet Impala that had a high-perform-ance engine. His brother Dean remem-bers that Doug and his brothers would race the car down the street, putting the other cars in Jamestown to shame. 
Dean remembers Douglas being so 
strong he could lift a John Deere 620 tractor with the loader attached to it. For fun, Douglas used his extraor-dinary strength to compete in gym-nastics. 
Douglas had plans to start his own 
farm outside of Jamestown when he re-turned from Vietnam, but he was killed when a grenade exploded near him. 
GREGORY LUNDE  
Gregory Lunde was from Westhope. 
He was born December 8, 1946. He served in the Marine Corps’ 1st Tank Battalion, 1st Marine Division. Greg-ory was 21 years old when he died on February 6, 1968. 
Gregory had one sister, Toni. She 
said she called him Greg and that he was always happy and clean and metic-ulous. She is thankful to him for car-ing for her after their mother died when Toni was 13. 
After high school, Greg attended 
business school in Minneapolis to pre-pare himself to return to Westhope and help his father run a meatpacking plant. 
Toni loved the care packages Gregory 
often sent her from Vietnam. He thought he was pretty funny when he mailed Toni a kimono and joked she would have to lose some weight to fit into it. 
Gregory was killed in Vietnam when 
he was shot while riding on a tank. 
GERALD ‘‘GERRY ’’ KLEIN  
Gerald ‘‘Gerry’’ Klein was born April 
29, 1946. He was from Raleigh, ND. He served in the Army’s 1st Infantry Divi-sion. Gerald died May 4, 1968, just days after he had turned 22 years old. 
He was the oldest of five children, 
and his family and friends always called him Gerry. He grew up on the family’s farm. His siblings said that while growing up, Gerald spent free time either working on the farm or on the family car. 
While Gerald was home on leave, he 
became engaged to his girlfriend. After completing his service in Vietnam, he planned to live on the family farm with his future wife. 
His brother Bob said that Gerald was 
a strong, brave man who wanted to be happy. His family appreciates the let-ters he sent them while serving. 
The day he died, Gerald was injured 
but chose to continue fighting. Shortly after, he was shot and killed. He would have only had a very few weeks left of his service in Vietnam. I want to thank the Bismarck High 
School 11th graders and Gerald’s fam-ily who have shared with us these facts about Gerald’s life. 
FLORIAN KUSS  
Florian Kuss was from Strasburg, 
and he was born December 28, 1946. Florian served in the Army’s 196th In-fantry Brigade, Americal Division. Florian died January 5, 1968, just days after he turned 21 years old. 
There were seven children in his fam-
ily. Florian’s two brothers, Victor and Frank, also served their country in the military. 
Florian grew up working on his fam-
ily’s farm, where they raised dairy cows, chickens, pigs, wheat, oats, corn, and alfalfa. Florian’s plan after com-pleting his service was to return to the family farm and continue his farming career. 
His brother Art said the family ap-
preciates the time Florian spent taking care of their sick father before Florian was drafted. Their father died less than a year after Florian was shot and killed in Vietnam. 
Florian’s sister Betty said Florian’s 
death caused a hole in the family that will never be filled. They think about Florian all the time. 
Florian was awarded the Purple 
Heart, the Good Conduct Medal, and the Bronze Star for Valor in recogni-tion of his service and sacrifice. 
DAREL LEETUN  
Darel Leetun was from Hettinger, 
and he was born December 24, 1932. He served as a pilot in the Air Force. 
Darel was 33 years old when the plane he was flying was shot down on Sep-tember 17, 1966. 
Growing up, Darel enjoyed sports, 4– 
H, and spending summers at his aunt’s farm near Fessenden. He was the oldest of four children, and his siblings appre-ciate how he cared for and supported them and their mother after their fa-ther died when they were all young. 
Darel’s family said he got along with 
people well and had great leadership skills. His sisters Janelle and Carol said Darel never put himself first. 
Right after graduating from NDSU, 
Darel spent time teaching about agri-culture in India. He then joined the Air Force and was stationed in England, Japan, and Vietnam. 
In Vietnam, Darel completed nearly 
100 flying missions before his plane was hit by ground fire and crashed. The Air Force presented Darel with many awards, including the Air Force Cross, in recognition for his extraordinary heroism that day. His Air Force Cross citation read, in part: 
Captain Leetun led a mission of F–105 
Thunderchiefs against a heavily defended high priority target near Hanoi. Undaunted by intense and accurate flak, deadly surface- to-air missiles, and hostile MiGs, Captain Leetun led his flight through this fierce en-vironment to the crucial target. 
On the bomb run, Captain Leetun’s 
Thunderchief was hit by hostile fire, becom-ing a flaming torch and nearly uncontrol-lable; however, Captain Leetun remained in formation and delivered his high-explosive ordnance directly on target. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.082 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4940 July 9, 2015 
After bomb release, Captain Leetun’s plane 
went out of control and was seen to crash ap-proximately 10 miles from the target area. 
Through his extraordinary heroism, superb 
airmanship, and aggressiveness in the face of hostile forces, Captain Leetun reflected the highest credit upon himself and the United States Air Force. 
Over 39 years later, in 2005, Darel’s 
remains were identified, and he was buried with full military honors at Ar-lington National Cemetery. 
Darel’s widow Janet, son Keith, and 
daughter Kerri have been honored to hear from airmen who flew with Darel who told the family that Darel was one of the best pilots they ever flew with. 
Darel’s son Keith was just 6 years old 
when his father died. But through prov-idence, Keith has been connected to his father. He is especially grateful for the day in 1992, at a Virginia golf course, when he met his father’s wingman from the final mission. That wingman’s name is Mike Lanning. When Mike learned that Keith was Darel’s son, Mike said: 
Your dad was the heart and soul of the 
squadron. He was my mentor and best friend. 
Mike and Darel’s siblings have all 
told Keith that Darel was always going to bat for people until the day he died. Darel was not scheduled to fly that day but did so because another man couldn’t. 
Keith is currently writing a chil-
dren’s book highlighting how some-thing as bad as his father’s death could turn into something positive, such as learning about and telling inspiring stories of heroes. 
RALPH MCCOWAN  
Ralph McCowan was from Trenton. 
He was born April 26, 1948. He served in the Army’s 41st Artillery Group. Ralph died April 3, 1968, a few weeks before he would have turned 20. 
There were nine children in his fam-
ily, and his father, brothers, sisters, uncles, and nephews also served our country in the military. Ralph’s broth-er, Gene, said service to our country was deeply rooted in their family. 
Ralph told his family he wanted to be 
a warrior and do his part. He was an unassuming man who had a love for horses and a love for people. Gene said Ralph had a short life but a good one. 
Ralph served for 69 days in Vietnam 
before he was killed at his fire base camp. The family cherishes their memories of their last Christmas to-gether in 1967. 
VALARIAN LAWRENCE FINLEY  
Valarian Lawrence Finley was born 
November 17, 1947. He was from Mandaree. He served in the Marine Corps’ Kilo Company, 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines, 1st Marine Division. Valarian was 21 years old when he died in May of 1969. 
Valarian was the third youngest of 13 
children born to Louise and Evan Fin-ley. Valarian’s family and his friends called him Gus. He had plans to run a cattle ranch after returning home from Vietnam. 
Valarian’s siblings are grateful for 
Valarian’s fellow marines reaching out to visit them about Valarian and his 
heroic death and how he saved their lives. 
Valarian was killed 1 week before his 
tour of duty was scheduled to end, on his brother Bobby’s high school grad-uation day. 
Bobby also served in Vietnam. Bobby 
was drafted and served in Vietnam shortly after Valarian was killed. He is now suffering from cancer caused by exposure to Agent Orange in Vietnam. 
Valarian was included in the 1969 Life 
Magazine feature titled ‘‘The Faces of the American Dead in Vietnam: One Week’s Toll.’’ That article listed 242 Americans killed in 1 week in connec-tion with the conflict in Vietnam. Life Magazine published photos for almost all the men killed and wrote the fol-lowing in that article: 
More than we must know how many, we 
must know who. The faces of one week’s dead, unknown but to families and friends, are suddenly recognized by all in this gallery of young American eyes. 
My intentions for speaking about the 
North Dakotans killed in Vietnam are similar. We must know more than how many, we must know who. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this 
week we are having a particularly im-portant debate. Fortunately, it is a bi-partisan debate. Great credit is owed to Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M UR-
RAYfor their work on the Every Child 
Achieves Act. This bill is a significant piece of legislation because educational opportunity in America is a right which should start at birth and last a lifetime. 
As a parent, I know that mothers and 
fathers want their kids to be able to climb the economic ladder throughout their lives. That effort begins with a top-flight education. In my view, the Every Child Achieves Act is a good step toward expanding opportunity for stu-dents nationwide. It is built around the proposition that each school, each dis-trict, and each community is different. So rather than resorting to the sort of one-size-fits-all policies, this legisla-tion focuses on trying to build on smart ideas, ideas with real promise that are actually going to make a big difference in classrooms. 
I am going to get to several amend-
ments I want to highlight, but I wish to start by recognizing some vital com-ponents of the legislation I have strongly supported. 
The most important proposal I have 
worked on is one that focuses on rais-ing graduation rates. This is one of the major economic challenges in my home State and many other States across the country. In Oregon, more than 100 high schools with high rates of poverty are blocked from tapping into Federal resources that can help important pro-grams—programs such as mentoring, before- and afterschool programs, pro-
grams where there is real evidence that they can make a difference in terms of helping these youngsters. 
This is not an issue just in my State. 
There are more than 2,000 of these schools nationwide. Because these schools are in a very difficult spot when it comes to securing Federal re-sources, too often the students suffer, and, in my view, the lack of resources for these schools often contributes to 
sky-high dropout rates. 
What I will discuss here briefly is 
how this proposal I have worked for is going to make the school improvement grants easier for middle and high schools to obtain and use to help these students, whom we want to see grad-uate and make their way to productive lives as citizens and workers. 
If a failing school has 40 percent or 
more low-income students, it would be-come eligible for assistance. These Federal dollars can be used, as I indi-cated, to fund programs that really work, such as extended learning pro-grams, programs that would be avail-able during the weekend or perhaps during the summer. The funds can be used to prevent dropouts and encour-age students who have already dropped out to reenter the educational system. Schools can find other ways to help students stay at it and get through to graduation day. This will be a signifi-cant improvement over the status quo. What it does is provides support where it is needed most, and it will help us get more value out of scarce dollars to approach the challenge of helping stu-dents who are dropping out to get back in the system and graduate. 
I am also pleased to see the inclusion 
of several provisions championed by my colleague Senator B
OXER to create 
more opportunities for students to en-roll in afterschool programs and sum-mer learning programs. In today’s economy, with so many families walk-ing on an economic tightrope—parents working long hours, multiple jobs—the fact is, there can’t always be a parent around at 3 in the afternoon when kids get out of school or during the summer months. Senator B
OXER really took the 
initiative for the 21st Century Commu-nity Learning Centers Program and the After School for America’s Children Act. Both of them are worthy of sup-port because they go to bat for stu-dents by providing extra learning op-portunities for children both after school and in the summer. 
There are other key elements in this 
legislation, but the Senate ought to seize the opportunity in this debate to make some significant improvements. The Every Child Achieves Act can go a lot further to raise graduation rates. There are more than 1,200 high schools, serving more than 1.1 million kids, that are failing to graduate a third or more of their students each year. Too often, it is the minority youngsters who live in economic hardship who at-tend these schools. 
Senator W
ARREN and I are on the 
same page with respect to the need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.083 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4941 July 9, 2015 
make it possible for more of the young 
people who go to these schools to get to graduation. Her amendment would help identify the struggling schools and provide some fresh approaches to help turn them around—a smart idea that I believe warrants bipartisan sup-port. 
Finally, I have just a couple other 
approaches that I think are particu-larly valuable in terms of this debate and particularly how we can use the machinery of the Federal Government to play a constructive role in terms of education at the local level. 
Senator B
OOKER and I have worked 
for an amendment that tries to help homeless children and foster young-sters graduate from high school. Once again—and we can see it in kind of what undergirds my remarks here—the focus is on trying to create oppor-tunity for young people who constantly are out there swimming upstream. The hurdles these youngsters face are obvi-ously large. Many of them move fre-quently, constantly, from one place to another throughout their lives. As a re-sult, it is hard for them to feel any connection to the school, to feel some sense of stability. What Senator B
OOK-
ERand I would seek to do is to make it 
easier for school districts and policy-makers to try to help those school dis-tricts provide additional support for those youngsters who are homeless and those children who are in the foster care system. 
Finally, Senator F
RANKEN has offered 
an important proposal—the Student Non-Discrimination Act—that provides strongly needed protection for LGBT students. Schools ought to be safe and welcoming places that assist every child in getting ahead and thriving. If schools—particularly for the young-sters I have talked about in my re-marks—aren’t challenging enough, it is hard to imagine how much harder it gets for a youngster who faces harass-ment or discrimination because of their sexual orientation. The Franken amendment goes a long way to protect LGBT students and their friends at school and prevent them from feeling they have to skip class to avoid bul-lying. 
In wrapping up, the kinds of pro-
posals I have outlined—starting with the effort to try to prevent students from dropping out and getting up the graduation rates—this is all about helping students get ahead through education, to expand opportunities for these young people throughout their lives through education. 
What the focus of the Senate ought 
to be is to make sure that no matter where a child lives or how much his or her parents earn or what obstacles they face—the message ought to be, here in the Senate, with every Demo-crat and every Republican, picking up on what Chairman A
LEXANDER and 
Senator M URRAY have said, that this 
bill will help to drive home the prin-ciple that hard work in school leads to success. I believe the Every Child Achieves Act is a good step in that di-
rection. I urge my colleagues to sup-port these important amendments. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 150TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE SECRET SERVICE 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to pay tribute to the U.S. Secret Service and to commemorate its 150th anniversary. 
In 1865, Congress created the Secret 
Service to combat the production and distribution of counterfeit currency in post-Civil War America. At the time, currency counterfeiting was a fast- growing and serious threat to our Na-tion’s financial and economic stability. 
In 1901, following the assassination of 
President William McKinley, Congress further directed the Secret Service to take responsibility for the protection and safety of the President of the United States. 
Today, 150 years after the Secret 
Service’s founding, the men and women of the Secret Service continue to serve with quiet confidence across the United States and around the world as they protect our Nation against threats both foreign and domestic. From ensur-ing the security of the President, other senior government officials, and events of national significance, to protecting the integrity of our currency and in-vestigating crimes against our finan-cial system, the U.S. Secret Service plays a critical role in our Nation’s 
safety and continued success. The con-tributions, sacrifices, and achieve-ments of the Secret Service over the last 150 years have made the agency an indelible part of our Nation’s identity. 
The five points of the Secret Service 
star represent the Service’s core values of duty, justice, courage, honesty, and loyalty. These values have been the Se-cret Service’s foundation for the past century and one-half and will continue to be the foundation on which the Service’s next 150 years—and the Na-tion’s security—are grounded. 
On this, the 150th anniversary of the 
U.S. Secret Service, I call upon my col-leagues and upon all Americans to rec-ognize the tremendous contributions the Secret Service has made to our Na-tion’s safety and well-being. I also ex-press my thanks to the thousands of dedicated Secret Service agents and employees who devote their time and energy to keeping our Nation, and our leaders, safe and secure. 
f 
REMEMBERING PRESIDENT BOYD 
K. PACKER 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to honor the memory of Presi-dent Boyd K. Packer—a man of integ-
rity, kindness, courage, and candor whose commitment to Christ defined a lifetime of service. President Packer passed away peacefully in his home last week with his loving wife and chil-dren gathered at his bedside. Along with his family, I join millions of Christians worldwide in mourning the loss of a man who served faithfully for many years as the president of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. As an apostle, President Pack-er’s teachings brought strength to the weary and hope to the hopeless. For those of us who mourn, we turn to these teachings to find peace amid the sadness of his passing. 
Even as we grieve the loss of a leader, 
we celebrate the life of a friend. Presi-dent Packer was a man whose selfless nature often masked his greatness, but not even his humility could hide a life-time of achievement. From humble be-ginnings in Brigham City, UT, Presi-dent Packer developed as a teacher and later as a leader in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 
President Packer’s upbringing was 
modest to say the least—-his father was a service station operator and his mother was a homemaker. Raised against the backdrop of the Great De-pression, he learned from an early age never to take anything for granted, es-pecially the freedoms we enjoy as Americans. 
President Packer would later defend 
those freedoms when he enlisted in the Army Air Corps during World War II. As a pilot serving in the Pacific The-ater, President Packer flew dozens of dangerous missions and continued to serve after the war when he and his fel-low soldiers worked to rebuild the shattered nation of Japan. Although President Packer dreamed of flying planes as a young boy, it was during his military service that he discovered his true life calling: to become a teach-er. 
When he returned to the United 
States, President Packer pursued that goal through his studies, eventually earning a doctorate in education ad-ministration from Brigham Young Uni-versity. He quickly distinguished him-self as an LDS Seminary teacher and later became the chief supervisor over the Church’s seminary programs and Institutes of Religion. When President Packer was just 45 years old, he be-came an apostle—a calling he would serve in and magnify until the day he died. Even as an apostle, President Packer still saw himself as a teacher, and he endeavored to expound truth in simple ways that all could understand. The candor and clarity of his teachings touched the hearts of millions, as did President Packer’s genuine love for those he served. 
As a soldier and an educator, an ad-
ministrator and an apostle, President Packer served in many different capac-ities throughout his life. But first and foremost, he served as a husband and a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.085 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4942 July 9, 2015 
father. For President Packer, father-
hood was a sacred responsibility that took precedence over everything else. He was a father of 10, a grandfather of 60, and a great-grandfather of 103. Nei-ther work nor church service could keep him from caring for those he loved most. President Packer always set aside time for his family, and at every opportunity, he sought to edu-cate his children and instill in them the anchor of faith—the same enduring faith that inspired all who heard his teachings. 
President Packer’s devotion to God 
was steady and unwavering, but just as sure and steadfast as his faith was his wife, Donna, his constant companion and able helpmeet who stood by his side for more than 67 years. In his final address to members of the LDS Church, President Packer expressed tender feel-ings for Donna: 
When it comes to my wife, the mother of 
our children, I am without words. The feel-ing is so deep and the gratitude so powerful that I am left almost without expression . . . 
I am grateful for each moment I am with her side by side and for the promise the Lord has given that there will be no end. 
I know Donna finds peace in that 
promise, and I pray that her family does too. May God’s love might abide with them at this difficult time, and may His love be with all of us who mourn the passing of President Boyd K. Packer. 
f 
FIFTY YEARS LATER, RECALLING 
THE VIETNAM WAR AND THOSE WHO FOUGHT IN IT 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this 
week the United States held a special ceremony to commemorate one of the longest wars in our Nation’s history— the Vietnam war. It was a ceremony to honor the men and women who served in that long and searing conflict, espe-cially the more than 58,000 young Americans who did not come home from the battle. 
The Congressional ceremony was 
held to commemorate what organizers, including the Department of Defense, call the 50th anniversary of the Viet-nam war. The milestone is a little am-biguous. You see, it was 50 years ago, on March 9, 1965, that the first U.S. combat forces—3,500 members of the 9th Marine Expeditionary Brigade—ar-rived at the port city of Da Nang, in what was then the Republic of South Vietnam. 
The arrival of those young Marines 
marked the beginning of a massive U.S. military buildup that lasted nearly a decade. But America’s military pres-ence in Vietnam actually began several years earlier, with the deployment of military advisors to assist the South Vietnamese armed forces. 
All told, 9.2 million Americans served 
in uniform during the Vietnam war; 7.2 million Vietnam-era veterans are still with us, along with 9 million families of Vietnam-era veterans. 
Most of the men who served in Viet-
nam came home to build successful ca-reers and strong families. More than a 
few went on to serve in Congress and we have benefited greatly from their wisdom and continued commitment to duty. 
I think of my friend, Senator J
OHN 
MCCAIN, who endured unspeakable cru-
elty for years as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam. He could have been re-leased from that hell years earlier but he refused to leave while other Amer-ican servicemembers remained captive. 
Senator M
CCAINhas been a powerful 
voice in calling for America to honor our commitments under the Geneva Conventions to never use torture—to remain true to our word and our values even in war. I respect him deeply for his principled stand. 
I think of other friends and former 
members of this Senate who served in Vietnam. Bob Kerrey, the former Gov-ernor and U.S. Senator from Nebraska, lost a leg while serving as a Navy SEAL in Vietnam. He was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor. 
Chuck Hagel, another Nebraskan, 
served as an Army sergeant in Vietnam alongside his brother Tom. He came home to build a successful business ca-reer, got elected twice to the U.S. Sen-ate, and went on to serve as America’s Secretary of Defense. 
John Kerry was a diplomat’s son— 
truly, a ‘‘fortunate son’’—who served with distinction in Vietnam as a Navy lieutenant from 1966 to 1970. When he returned home, he became an eloquent voice among those calling for an end to the war in which he had fought. He went on to serve his State of Massa-chusetts as Lieutenant Governor and then represented his State for nearly 30 years in this Senate. He now represents our Nation’s interest on the world stage as U.S. Secretary of State. 
One of the bravest men I have ever 
met served in Vietnam and then served in this Senate. His name is Max Cleland. Max went to Vietnam as a 6- foot, 2-inch marine. One day in Viet-nam he stepped on a landmine. The ex-plosion ripped off both of his legs and one of his arms. Max Cleland went on to serve in the Veterans Administra-tion under President Carter and later as a member of this Senate—an amaz-ing man. 
In all, more than 153,000 U.S. service-
members were gravely wounded in Vietnam—wounded seriously enough to require hospitalization. 
Others sacrificed even more; 58,220 
American servicemembers were killed in action during the Vietnam war. 
The Americans who died in Vietnam 
ranged in age from 6 years old to 62. Six in 10 were just 21 years old or younger. Their names are carved into that sacred slab of black marble, the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, on the National Mall in Washington, DC. 
In the four decades since the end of 
the war, thousands more Vietnam vet-erans have died from physical and psy-chic injuries suffered in that war— dying from causes ranging from can-cers caused by exposure to the deadly chemical defoliant Agent Orange, to 
the agonies of post-traumatic stress. 
Fifteen years ago, Congress author-
ized the placement of a plaque near ‘‘The Wall’’ to honor these ‘‘men and women who served in the Vietnam War and later died as a result of their serv-ice.’’ We remember and honor their service, too. 
Every American my age and a decade 
or so younger knows someone who died in Vietnam or a friend whose father, brother or husband never came home. These young men are still missed deep-ly by their families and friends and re-membered by a grateful nation. 
The city I grew up in, East St. Louis, 
IL lost 56 young men in Vietnam. 
The City of Chicago lost 959 young 
men in the Vietnam war. Let me tell you about one of them: Marine Lance Corporal Mike Badsing. He was among those first 3,500 Marines who landed at Da Nang 50 years ago—a rifleman in the 3rd Marine Division, 1st Battalion, 9th Marines, C Company. The 1st Bat-talion suffered the highest casualty rate of any Marine battalion in any war—a grim distinction that led North Vietnam’s Communist President Ho Chi Minh to call them ‘‘The Walking Dead.’’ The nickname stuck. 
Mike Badsing attended St. Edward 
grammar school, where he played foot-ball, basketball, and Chicago 16’’ soft-ball. He was the youngest of five kids. One of his older sisters is a nun today. 
He left Chicago for Vietnam on 
Christmas Eve 1964. About 10 months later, Sept. 6, 1965, his platoon came under fire and Lance Corporal Badsing was hit in the abdomen by a sniper shot, becoming the first Chicago-area Marine killed in combat in Vietnam. 
He was buried in All Saints Cemetery 
in Des Plaines, IL. A half-century later, Marines still visit his grave, often drinking a few Old Style beers in their friend’s memory. 
My adopted hometown of Springfield, 
IL—also President Lincoln’s adopted hometown—lost 40 young men in com-bat during the Vietnam war. Among them was an Army helicopter pilot named Captain Michael Davis O’Donnell. 
Mike O’Donnell died on March 24, 
1970, when a rescue helicopter he was piloting crashed in dense jungle in Cambodia, 14 miles over the Cambodia- Vietnam border. He had gone into Cam-bodia to rescue a Special Forces recon-naissance team that was about to be overrun by enemy soldiers. He and his crew had gotten all eight members of the Special Forces team safely on board and were taking off when their ‘‘Huey’’ helicopter was hit twice by enemy missiles. It was 1 week before President Nixon announced publicly that American forces were even in Cambodia. 
All 12 men aboard Mike O’Donnell’s 
Huey died, but it wasn’t until 2001 that their remains were identified and re-
turned. Today, they lie buried together at Arlington Cemetery. 
Mike O’Donnell was 24 years old 
when he died. He was promoted post-humously to the rank of major. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.024 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4943 July 9, 2015 
In addition to being a soldier, Mike 
O’Donnell was a talented musician and a poet. During his life, he shared his poems with only a few close friends. After he died, soldiers in his unit found a notebook he kept, filled with 22 of his poems, which they saved and brought home. 
Just as ‘‘In Flanders Fields’’ has be-
come the unofficial homage to World War I, a poem by Michael Davis O’Donnell has become the unofficial poem of the Vietnam war. It begins with the words, ‘‘If you are able, save them a place inside of you.’’ Google that line and you will find nearly 75,000 hits. 
Mike O’Donnell’s poem was carried in 
combat by untold thousands of men who served in Vietnam. It was read at the dedication of ‘‘The Wall,’’ the na-tional Vietnam War Memorial, in Washington, DC. and it is etched into many smaller Vietnam memorials across America. 
Here is the whole poem: 
If you are able, 
save them a place inside of you and save one backward glance when you are leaving for the places they can no longer go. Be not ashamed to say you loved them, though you may or may not have always. Take what they have left and what they have taught you with their dying and keep it with your own. And in that time when men decide and feel safe to call the war insane, take one moment to embrace those gentle heroes you left behind. 
Captain Michael Davis O’Donnell 1 January 1970 Dak To, Vietnam 
Less than 3 months after writing 
those words, Mike O’Donnell died. 
Along with the 58,220 Americans who 
died there, the Vietnam war claimed the lives of more than one million Vi-etnamese men, women and children. 
It is fitting, and it is overdue, for 
America to thank all of those who served and sacrificed so much in the Vietnam war. But we owe them more than speeches and ceremonies. As President Lincoln told us in his Second Inaugural Address, we have a solemn duty ‘‘to care for him who has borne the battle.’’ 
Six years ago I asked my friend, 
then-Senator Hillary Clinton, if I could introduce a bill she had been working on before she moved on to a bigger and better gig. She agreed, and I introduced a bill creating what is now called the Veterans Caregiver Program, to help the families of U.S. servicemembers se-verely injured in Iraq and Afghanistan. The program provides family care-givers of post 9/11 veterans who have suffered catastrophic injuries with training and a small stipend so they can care for their loved ones at home, rather than sending them to nursing homes. The program helps these fami-
lies know that they are not alone and not forgotten. 
Today, 20,000 veterans who served in 
Iraq and Afghanistan participate in the caregivers program. That is more than five times the number the VA origi-nally estimated would sign up. 
The Veterans Caregiver Program 
doesn’t just help those families; it helps American taxpayers. Caring for severely injured veterans in the care-givers program costs the VA $36,000 per veteran, per year. Compare that to the average $332,000 per veteran, per year it costs the VA to care for these veterans in nursing homes. 
When we started the caregivers pro-
gram, we had to limit it to post-9/11 veterans and their families. But we know now that it works. It saves fami-lies and it saves taxpayers money. 
When he chaired the Senate Veterans 
Affairs Committee, our colleague, Sen-ator B
ERNIE SANDERS said repeatedly 
that we should expand the Veterans Caregivers Program. He was right. 
So last March—nearly 50 years to the 
day after those first, young Marines landed in Da Nang—Senator B
ALDWIN  
and I introduced a bill to expand the program to U.S. veterans of all wars. Our bill is called the VA Family Care-givers Expansion and Improvement Act. 
They were young once, but today the 
average Vietnam veteran is retired. Many still struggle with old wounds gained in service to our Nation. 
As our Nation and this Congress 
thank them for their service 50 years ago, I hope that we can also work to-gether in this Senate to provide Viet-nam veterans the medical care and sup-port that they and their families need today. 
f 
BUDGET SCOREKEEPING REPORT 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to 
submit to the Senate the budget scorekeeping report for July 2015. The report compares current-law levels of spending and revenues with the amounts provided in the conference re-port to accompany S. Con. Res. 11, the budget resolution for fiscal year 2016. This information is necessary to deter-mine whether budget points of order lie against pending legislation. It has been prepared by the Republican staff of the Senate Budget Committee and the Con-gressional Budget Office, CBO, pursu-ant to section 308(b) of the Congres-sional Budget Act. 
This is the first report I have made 
since adoption of the 2016 budget reso-lution on May 5, 2015. I will provide these reports periodically, generally one per work period. The information contained in this report is current through July 7, 2015. 
Table 1 gives the amount by which 
each Senate authorizing committee ex-ceeds or is below its allocation under the budget resolution. This informa-tion is used for enforcing committee allocations pursuant to section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, 
CBA. For fiscal year 2015, which is still enforced under the deemed budget reso-lution from the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, BBA, Senate authorizing com-mittees have increased direct spending outlays by $7.8 billion more than the agreed-upon spending levels. Over the fiscal years 2016–2025 period, which is the entire period covered by S. Con. Res. 11, Senate authorizing committees have spent $22 million more than the budget resolution calls for. 
Table 2 gives the amount by which 
the Senate Committee on Appropria-tions exceeds or is below the statutory spending limits. This information is used to determine points of order re-lated to the spending caps found in sec-tion 312 and section 314 of the CBA. While no appropriations bills have been enacted, subcommittees are charged with permanent and advanced appro-priations that first become available for fiscal year 2016. 
Table 3 gives the amount by which 
the Senate Committee on Appropria-tions exceeds or is below its allocation for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism, OCO/GWOT, spending. This separate allocation for OCO/GWOT was established in section 3102 of S. Con. Res. 11, and is enforced using section 302 of the CBA. No bills providing funds with the OCO/GWOT designation have been enacted thus far for fiscal year 2016. 
The budget resolution established 
two new points of order limiting the use of changes in mandatory programs in appropriations bills, CHIMPS. Ta-bles 4 and 5 show compliance with fis-cal year 2016 limits for overall CHIMPS and the Crime Victims Fund CHIMP, respectively. This information is used for determining points of order under section 3103 and section 3104, respec-tively. No bills have been enacted thus far for fiscal year 2016 that include CHIMPS. 
In addition to the tables provided by 
the Senate Budget Committee Repub-lican staff, I am submitting additional tables from CBO that I will use for en-forcement of budget levels agreed to by the Congress. 
Because legislation can still be en-
acted that would have an effect on fis-cal year 2015, CBO provided a report for both fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2016. This information is used to en-force aggregate spending levels in budget resolutions under section 311 of the CBA. CBO’s estimates show that current law levels of spending for fiscal year 2015 exceed the amounts in the deemed budget resolution enacted in the BBA by $8.0 billion in budget au-thority and $1.0 billion in outlays. Rev-enues are $79.8 billion below the rev-enue floor for fiscal year 2015 set by the deemed budget resolution. As well, So-cial Security outlays are at the levels assumed for fiscal year 2015, while So-cial Security revenues are $170 million above levels in the deemed budget. 
For fiscal year 2016, CBO estimates 
that current law levels are below the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.091 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4944 July 9, 2015 
budget resolution’s allowable budget 
authority and outlay aggregates by $886.0 billion and $526.9 billion, respec-tively. The allowable spending room will be reduced as appropriations bills for fiscal year 2016 are enacted. Reve-nues are $5 million above the level as-sumed in the budget resolution. Fi-nally, Social Security outlays and rev-enues are at the levels assumed in the budget resolution for fiscal year 2016. 
CBO’s report also provides informa-
tion needed to enforce the Senate’s Pay-As-You-Go rule. The Senate’s Pay- As-You-Go scorecard currently shows a balance of ¥$470 million over the fiscal 
years 2015–2020 period and $125 million over the fiscal years 2015–2025 period. Over the initial 6-year period, Congress has enacted legislation that would in-crease revenues by $2.3 billion and in-crease outlays by $1.9 billion. Over the 11-year period, Congress has enacted legislation that would reduce revenues by $5.3 billion and decrease outlays by $5.2 billion. The Senate’s Pay-As-You- Go rule is enforced by section 201 of S. Con. Res. 21, the fiscal year 2008 budget resolution. 
All years in the accompanying tables 
are fiscal years. 
I ask unanimous consent that this 
statement and the accompanying ta-bles be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
TABLE 1. SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED 
DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET 
RESOLUTIONS 
(In millions of dollars) 
2015 2016 2016– 
2020 2016– 
2025 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-
estry 
Budget Authority ............ 254 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 229 0 0 0 
Armed Services 
Budget Authority ............ ¥15 0 0 0 
Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Banking, Housing, and Urban 
Affairs 
Budget Authority ............ 121 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 121 0 0 0 
Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Energy and Natural Resources 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... ¥2 0 0 0 
Environment and Public Works 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Finance 
Budget Authority ............ 7,322 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 7,288 0 0 0 
Foreign Relations 
Budget Authority ............ ¥20 0 0 0 
Outlays ........................... ¥20 0 0 0 
Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Judiciary 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 1 2 Outlays ........................... 0 0 1 2 
Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions 
Budget Authority ............ 3 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 1 0 0 0 
Rules and Administration 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Intelligence 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Veterans’ Affairs 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 150 20 20 20 
Indian Affairs 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Small Business 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 TABLE 1. SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED 
DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET 
RESOLUTIONS—Continued 
(In millions of dollars) 
2015 2016 2016– 
2020 2016– 
2025 
Total 
Budget Authority ... 7,665 0 1 2 Outlays .................. 7,767 20 21 22 
TABLE 2. SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE— 
ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS1 
(Budget authority, in millions of dollars) 
2016 
Security2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory Discretionary Limits 523,091 493,491 
Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee 
Agriculture, Rural Development, and 
Related Agencies .............................. 0 9 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-
lated Agencies .................................. 0 0 
Defense ................................................. 41 0 Energy and Water Development ............ 0 0 Financial Services and General Govern-
ment ................................................. 0 41 
Homeland Security ................................ 0 9 Interior, Environment, and Related 
Agencies ........................................... 0 0 
Labor, Health and Human Services, 
Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 24,678 
Legislative Branch ................................ 0 0 Military Construction and Veterans Af-
fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 0 56,217 
State Foreign Operations, and Related 
Programs .......................................... 0 0 
Transportation and Housing and Urban 
Development, and Related Agencies 0 4,400 
Current Level Total ............. 41 85,354 
Total Enacted Above (+) or Below 
(¥) Statutory Limits .............. ¥523,050 ¥408,137 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discre-
tionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for certain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budg-
et function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as all other spending. 
TABLE 3. SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-
ACTED OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS 
(In millions of dollars) 
2016 
BA OT 
OCO/GWOT Allocation1...................................... 96,287 48,798 
Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee 
Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related 
Agencies ....................................................... 0 0 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related 
Agencies ....................................................... 0 0 
Defense ............................................................. 0 0 Energy and Water Development ........................ 0 0 Financial Services and General Government .... 0 0 Homeland Security ............................................ 0 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ... 0 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education 
and Related Agencies .................................. 0 0 
Legislative Branch ............................................ 0 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, 
and Related Agencies .................................. 0 0 
State Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-
grams ........................................................... 0 0 
Transportation and Housing and Urban Devel-
opment, and Related Agencies .................... 0 0 
Current Level Total ......................... 0 0 
Total OCO/GWOT Spending vs. Budget 
Resolution ............................................ ¥96,287 ¥48,798 
BA = Budget Authority; OT = Outlays. 
1This allocation may be adjusted by the Chairman of the Budget Com-
mittee to account for new information, pursuant to section 3102 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution of the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. 
TABLE 4. SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-
ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
(Budget authority, millions of dollars) 
2016 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2016 ........................................... 19,100 
Senate Appropriations Subcommittees 
Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies ........... 0 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ................. 0 Defense ...................................................................................... 0 Energy and Water Development ................................................. 0 TABLE 4. SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-
ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS)—Continued 
(Budget authority, millions of dollars) 
2016 
Financial Services and General Government ............................. 0 
Homeland Security ..................................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ............................ 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related 
Agencies ................................................................................ 0 
Legislative Branch ..................................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agen-
cies ........................................................................................ 0 
State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ..................... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Re-
lated Agencies ....................................................................... 0 
Current Level Total .................................................. 0 
Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolu-
tion ............................................................................... ¥19,100 
TABLE 5. SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-
ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAM (CHIMP) TO THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND 
(Budget authority, millions of dollars) 
2016 
Crime Victims Fund (CVF) CHIMP Limit for Fiscal Year 2016 10,800 
Senate Appropriations Subcommittees 
Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies ........... 0 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ................. 0 Defense ...................................................................................... 0 Energy and Water Development ................................................. 0 Financial Services and General Government ............................. 0 Homeland Security ..................................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ............................ 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related 
Agencies ................................................................................ 0 
Legislative Branch ..................................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agen-
cies ........................................................................................ 0 
State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ..................... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Re-
lated Agencies ....................................................................... 0 
Current Level Total .................................................. 0 
Total CVF CHIMP Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Reso-
lution ............................................................................ ¥10,800 
U.S. C ONGRESS , 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , 
Washington, DC, July 9, 2015. 
Hon. M IKEENZI, 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report 
shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2015 budget and is current through July 7, 2015. This report is submitted under section 308(b) and in aid of section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amend-ed. 
The estimates of budget authority, out-
lays, and revenues are consistent with the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels printed in the Congressional Record on May 5, 2014, pursuant to section 116 of the Bi-partisan Budget Act (Public Law 113–67). 
This is CBO’s first current level report for 
fiscal year 2015. 
Sincerely, 
K
EITH HALL, 
Director. 
Enclosure. 
TABLE 1. SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPENDING 
AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2015, AS OF JULY 7, 2015 
(In billions of dollars) 
Budget 
Resolution Current 
Level Current 
Level 
Over/Under 
(¥) 
Resolution 
On-Budget 
Budget Authority ............. 3,026.4 3,034.4 8.0 Outlays ............................ 3,039.6 3,040.7 1.0 Revenues ......................... 2,533.4 2,453.6 ¥79.8 
Off-Budget 
Social Security Outlays
a 736.6 736.6 0.0 
Social Security Revenues 771.7 771.9 0.2 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:24 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.075 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4945 July 9, 2015 
a.Excludes administrative expenses from the Federal Old-Age and Sur-
vivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appro-priated annually. 
TABLE 2. SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2015, AS OF JULY 7, 2015 
(In millions of dollars) 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enacteda 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... n.a. n.a. 2,533,388 
Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 1,877,558 1,802,360 n.a. 
Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 0 508,261 n.a. 
Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................... ¥735,195 ¥734,481 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,142,363 1,576,140 2,533,388 
Enacted Legislationb 
Lake Hill Administrative Site Affordable Housing Act (P.L. 113-141) ............................................................ ...................................................................................................................... 0 ¥2 0 
Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Resolution, 2014 (P.L. 113–145) .......................................................... ............................................................................................................... 0 75 0 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (P.L. 113–159) .................................................................. .................................................................................................................... 0 ¥15 2,590 
Emergency Afghan Allies Extension Act of 2014 (P.L. 113–10) .................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 5 5 6 
Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2015 (P.L. 113–164)c............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... ¥4,705 ¥180 0 
Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strengthening Families Act (P.L. 113–183) ....................................................... ................................................................................................................. 0 10 0 
IMPACT Act of 2014 (P.L. 113–185) .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 22 22 0 
Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (P.L. 113–235) .................................................... ............................................................................................................. 1,884,271 1,426,08 5 ¥178 
To amend certain provisions of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (P.L. 113–243) ..................................... ................................................................................................. 0 0 ¥28 
Naval Vessel Transfer Act of 2013 (P.L. 113–276) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . ¥20 ¥20 0 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (P.L. 113–291) ................ ...................................................................................... ¥15 0 0 
An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend certain expiring provisions and make technical corrections, to amen d the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-
vide for the treatment of ABLE accounts established under State programs for the care of family members with disabilities, and for other purposes (P.L. 113–295) ................ 160 160 ¥81,177 
Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–1) ...................................................... ............................................................................................................... 121 121 1 
Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015 (P.L. 114–4) .......................................................... ................................................................................................................ 47,763 27,534 0  
Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–10) ............................................................. ................................................................................................................. 7,354 7,329 0 
Construction Authorization and Choice Improvement Act (P.L. 114–19) ............................................................ .................................................................................................................. 0 20 0 
A bill to extend the authorization to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Af fairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers of 
amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical center, and for other purposes (P.L. 114–25) .............................. .......................................................................................... 0 130 0 
Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–27) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 38  7 ¥1,051 
Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 1,934,994 1,461,281 ¥79,837 
Entitlements and Mandatories: 
Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ..................................................................................................... ¥42,921 3,239 0 
Total Current Leveld............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 3,034,43 6 3,040,660 2,453,551 
Total Senate Resolutione............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 3,026,439 3,039 ,624 2,533,388 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 7,997 1,036 n.a. 
Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 79,837 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
Notes: n.a.=not applicable; P.L.=Public Law. 
aIncludes the following acts that affect budget authority, outlays, or revenues, and were cleared by the Congress during the 2nd  session of the 113th Congress but before publication in the Congressional Record of the statement of the 
allocations and aggregates pursuant to section 116 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (P.L. 113–67): the Agricultural Act of 2014 (P.L. 113–79), the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (P.L. 113–89), the Gabriella Mil-
ler Kids First Research Act (P.L. 113–94), and the Cooperative and Small Employer Charity Pension Flexibility Act (P.L. 113–97) . 
b.Pursuant to section 403(b) of S. Con. Res. 13, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2010, amounts designated  as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 403 of S. Con. Res. 13, shall not count for certain 
budgetary enforcement purposes. The amounts so designated for 2015, which are not included in the current level totals, are as follows: 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Revenues 
Veteran’s Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014 (P.L. 113-146) ........................... ....................................................................................................... ¥1,331 6,619 ¥42 
cSections 136 and 137 of the Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2015 (P.L. 113–164) provide $88 million to respond to the Ebo la virus, which is available until September 30, 2015. Section 139 rescinds funds from the Children’s 
Health Insurance Program. Section 147 extended the authorization for the Export-Import Bank of the United States through June 3 0, 2015. 
dFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the budget resolution does not include bud get authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include 
these items. 
ePeriodically, the Senate Committee on the Budget revises the budgetary levels printed in the Congressional Record on May 5, 201 4, pursuant to section 116 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67): 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Revenues 
Original Senate Resolution ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 2,939,993 3,004,163 2,533,388 
Revisions: 
Adjustment for Disaster Designated Spending .................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 100 43  0 
Adjustment for Overseas Contingency Operations and Disaster Designated Spending ................................................ .............................................................................................. 74,995 31,360 0 
Adjustment for Emergency Designated Spending ................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 0 75 0 
Adjustment for the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 ................................................ .................................................................................................. 11,351 3,983 0 
Revised Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 3,026,439 3,039,624 2,533,388 
U.S. C ONGRESS , 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , 
Washington, DC, July 9, 2015. 
Hon. M IKEENZI, 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report 
shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2016 budget and is current 
through July 7, 2015. This report is submitted under section 308(b) and in aid of section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amend-ed. 
The estimates of budget authority, out-
lays, and revenues are consistent with the technical and economic assumptions of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on 
the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. 
This is CBO’s first current level report for 
fiscal year 2016. 
Sincerely, 
K
EITH HALL, Director. 
Enclosure. 
TABLE 1. SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016, AS OF JULY 7, 2015 
(In billions of dollars) 
Budget 
Resolutiona Current Level Current Level 
Over/Under ( ¥) 
Resolution 
ON-BUDGET 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 3,032.8 2,146.7 ¥886.0 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 3,091.3 2,564.4 ¥526.9 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 2,676.0 2,676.0 0.0 
OFF-BUDGET 
Social Security Outlaysb............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 777.1 777.1 0.0 
Social Security Revenues ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 794.0 794.0 0.0 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
aExcludes $6,872 million in budget authority and $344 million in outlays assumed in S. Con. Res. 11 for disaster-related spendin g that is not yet allocated to the Senate Committee on Appropriations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:52 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.056 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4946 July 9, 2015 
bExcludes administrative expenses from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insuran ce Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated annually. 
TABLE 2. SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016, AS OF JULY 7, 2015 
(In millions of dollars) 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enacteda 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... n.a. n.a. 2,676,733 
Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 1,968,4 96 1,902,345 n.a. 
Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 0 500,825 n.a. 
Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........... ¥784,820 ¥784,879 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 1, 183,676 1,618,291 2,676,733 
Enacted Legislation: 
A bill to extend the authorization to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Af fairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize 
transfers of amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical center, and for other purposes (P.L. 114–25) ................. ....................................................................... 0 20 0 
Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act & Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (P .L. 114–26) .............................................. 0 0 5 
Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–27) .......................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 445 175 ¥766 
Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 445  195 ¥761 
Entitlements and Mandatories: 
Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ......................................................................................... 962,619 945,910 0 
Total Current Levelb............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 2,146,740 2 ,564,396 2,675,972 
Total Senate Resolutionc............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 3,032,788 3,091,273  2,675,967 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 5  
Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 886,048 526, 877 n.a. 
Memorandum: Revenues, 2016–2025: 
Senate Current Level ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ n.a. n.a. 32,233,094 
Senate Resolution .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... n.a. n.a. 32,233,099 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. n .a 
Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 5 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
Notes: n.a. = not applicable, P.L. = Public Law. 
aIncludes the following acts that affect budget authority, outlays, or revenues, and were cleared by the Congress during this se ssion, but before the adoption of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 
2016: the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2014 (P.L. 114–1); the Department of Homeland Security Approp riations Act, 2015 (P.L. 114–4), and the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114– 
10). 
bFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Senate,  does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level 
does not include these items. 
cPeriodically, the Senate Committee on the Budget revises the budgetary levels in S. Con Res. 11, pursuant to various provisions  of the resolution. The Senate resolution total below excludes $6,872 million in budget authority and $344 
million in outlays assumed in S. Con Res. 11 for disaster-related spending that is not yet allocated to the Senate Committee on  Appropriations: 
Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Senate Resolution .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 3,032,343 3,091,098 2,676,733 
Revisions: 
Pursuant to section 4311 of S. Con. Res. 11 .................................................................................... ............................................................................................ 445 175 ¥766 
Revised Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 3,032 ,788 3,091,273 2,675,967 
TABLE 3. SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO 
SCORECARD FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS—1ST SES-SION, AS OF JULY 7, 2015 
(In millions of dollars) 
2015–2020 2015–2025 
Beginning Balancea......................................... 0 0 
Enacted Legislation:b 
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 
2015 (P.L. 114–17)c........................... n.e. n.e. 
Construction Authorization and Choice 
Improvement Act (P.L. 114–19) .......... 20 20 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 
2015 (P.L. 114–22) ............................. 1 2 
Uniting and Strengthening America by 
Fulfilling Rights and Ensuring Effec-tive Discipline Over Monitoring Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–23) ............................. * * 
To extend the authorization to carry out 
the replacement of the existing med-ical center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Denver, Colorado (P.L. 114–25) ............................................... 150 150 
Defending Public Safety Employees’ Re-
tirement Act & Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–26) ....... ¥1 5 
Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 
(P.L. 114–27) ...................................... ¥640 ¥52 
Current Balance ................................................ ¥470 125 
Memorandum: 
2015–2020 2015–2025 
Changes to Revenues .............................. 2,348 ¥5,328 
Changes to Outlays ................................. 1,878 ¥5,203 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
Notes: n.e. = not able to estimate; P.L. = Public Law. * = between 
¥$500,000 and $500,000. 
aPursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, the Senate Pay-As-You-Go Scorecard was 
reset to zero. 
bThe amounts shown represent the estimated impact of the public laws 
on the deficit. Negative numbers indicate an increase in the deficit; positive numbers indicate a decrease in the deficit. 
cP.L. 114–17 could affect direct spending and revenues, but such im-
pacts would depend on future actions of the President that CBO cannot pre-dict. (http://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/cbofiles/ attachments/s615.pdf) 
f 
SOUTH SUDAN 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I 
wish to speak about the ongoing civil war in South Sudan. July 9 marks the fourth anniversary of South Sudan’s 
independence. This should be a day of celebration, but it is instead a day marred by violence and suffering. For the last 19 months, hostilities between the government and the opposition have brought the world’s newest coun-try to the brink of ruin. Regional medi-ation efforts have failed, and the inter-
national community has yet to come up with a viable plan to end the vio-lence. Unless we jumpstart diplomatic efforts immediately, this conflict is destined to become another long-run-ning war in Africa that is ignored by the rest of the world. 
As some of my colleagues may know, 
ongoing political tensions between forces loyal to President Salva Kiir and forces loyal to former Vice President Riek Machar, coupled with preexisting ethnic tensions, erupted in violence on the night of December 15, 2013. Both sides in the conflict have committed and continue to commit serious human rights violations. The nature and scale of the abuses in the first days, weeks, and months of the conflict prompted the African Union to establish a Com-mission of Inquiry in March of last year to investigate. However the Com-mission’s report, while completed, has never been publicly released. We have seen the contents of a version of the re-port that was leaked in March and the findings are truly disturbing: indis-criminate killing of civilians, burning and looting of hospitals and humani-tarian assets, attacks on United Na-tions compounds, and rape on a mas-sive scale. Similar findings have been reported separately by the U.N. and 
various human rights organizations. 
Tragically, increased fighting this 
spring has been characterized by an even greater level of brutality. Accord-ing to the United Nations Children’s Fund, UNICEF, as many as 129 children were killed in May in Unity State alone—boys were castrated and left to bleed to death, girls as young as 8 years old were raped and killed, some children had their throats slit or were thrown into burning buildings by gov-ernment-allied militia. This is in addi-tion to the estimated 13,000 children being forcibly recruited to fight by government and opposition forces. The behavior of armed groups is beyond in-humane. 
As a result of the war, 1.5 million 
people are internally displaced. More than 730,000 have crossed borders into Sudan, Ethiopia, Uganda, and Kenya as refugees. The number of people facing severe food insecurity has almost dou-bled since the start of the year from 2.5 million to an estimated 4.6 million peo-ple, including approximately 874,000 children under the age of 5. 
The recent uptick in hostilities has 
made it extremely challenging for hu-manitarian organizations to reach pop-ulations in need. Aid workers continue to be harassed, detained, and abducted. The Government of South Sudan ex-pelled the United Nations Deputy Spe-cial Representative and Humanitarian Coordinator Toby Lanzer in June. His expulsion comes at a time of increasing humanitarian need. The ruthless 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:34 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.057 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4947 July 9, 2015 
means through which troops are exe-
cuting the war, the parliament’s pas-sage of an NGO law hinders the deliv-ery of much needed services, the expul-sion of the head of the U.N. humani-tarian arm and obstruction of U.N. peacekeeping operations to protect ci-vilians, and the refusal of the parties to engage in good-faith negotiations to 
end hostilities all paint a picture of two opposing sides that have very little regard for the needs or wellbeing of South Sudanese citizens. 
In light of the gravity of the situa-
tion on the ground, we must urgently consider taking several steps: First, we should push for a United Nations arms embargo on South Sudan to stop the flow of arms to all warring factions. We may or may not be successful in con-vincing all of the Permanent Five members of the Security Council to agree with us on this, but we will never be successful if we don’t make the at-tempt. On July 1, the United Nations Security Council imposed personal tar-geted sanctions on six South Sudanese generals it believes are fueling the fighting. I welcome this move, but I have doubts that this alone will prove a game changer. Strangling the supply of arms and materiel of the actors on the ground could prove far more effec-tive than sanctioning military leaders who don’t travel outside the country or hold assets internationally. 
Second, we must undertake a review 
of the military training and assistance we are providing to countries in the re-gion to determine whether soldiers we have trained and equipment we have supplied are being used to either com-mit human rights abuses in South Sudan or prolong hostilities. We should also consider whether extra safeguards are warranted to ensure that U.S. secu-rity assistance is not being used to sup-port the warring factions or otherwise contributing to the conflict. 
Third, we must expand our invest-
ments in reconciliation efforts. USAID has joined with international partners and is doing a tremendous job on the humanitarian front. But our aid should, to the extent possible, be cou-pled with an increase in peace and rec-onciliation activities. The vicious na-ture of the attacks on civilians will make post-war, community-level re-construction efforts and national heal-ing enormously difficult. We cannot wait until the war is over to begin to bring people together. These programs should also include activities that sup-port justice at the local level so that people who have borne the brunt of the violence can obtain some measure of closure. 
Fourth, we must begin to look at how 
we put accountability mechanisms in place. During his trip to east Africa in May, Secretary Kerry announced $5 million to support accountability ef-forts. I applaud this move, and am pleased to hear that we are supporting the collection of evidence of gross human rights violations and preserving records for use in the future. We must take each and every opportunity we 
can to make clear that the United States is committed to bringing human rights abusers to justice. However, we can do more. We should push regional actors to move forward with efforts to establish the parameters and modali-ties of a court or other transitional justice mechanism. Initiating such mechanisms now—rather than waiting for an end to the war—more adequately demonstrates the international com-munity’s commitment to justice for victims than empty statements on the importance of accountability. 
Finally, I urge President Obama to 
convene a meeting with the Secretaries General of the Africa Union and United Nations while he is in Addis Ababa this month to discuss a way forward that involves those two bodies and members of the Troika. And these talks must in-volve key regional players who could prove spoilers to any process, including Sudan and Uganda. 
The cost of this war has been astro-
nomical. The U.N. Mission to South Sudan has cost over $2 billion in the past 2 years alone. The international community has provided nearly $2.7 billion in humanitarian assistance. The United States alone has provided more than $1.2 billion for those purposes. This is money that should have been invested in building a country that had already been devastated by decades of war with Sudan. However, the real tragedy is not the dollars lost—it is in the thousands of lives lost, the seeds sown of ethnic hatred and division and the squandering of an opportunity to build a nation that could provide a fu-ture to millions of people that were marginalized, attacked and abused by Khartoum. We must take action now to stop the war and prevent the deaths of thousands more South Sudanese. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT 
KATHRYN ELIZABETH ROSENBERG 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize and honor Lieutenant Kath-ryn Rosenberg, U.S. Navy, as she trans-fers from the Navy Office of Legislative Affairs. 
A native of Pennsylvania, Lieutenant 
Rosenberg was commissioned an ensign through the Naval ROTC Program upon graduation from George Wash-ington University in 2008. 
Lieutenant Rosenberg, a surface war-
fare officer, has performed in a consist-ently outstanding manner under the most challenging of circumstances. Lieutenant Rosenberg served with dis-tinction and gained extensive experi-ence in the surface fleet during her first two sea tours. While assigned to the USS Stockdale (DDG 106) from June 
2008 to November 2010, Lieutenant Rosenberg served as the pre-commis-sioning auxiliaries officer and combat information center officer while ob-taining her surface warfare officer pin and engineering officer of the watch qualification. From March 2011 to De-cember 2012, Lieutenant Rosenberg was assigned to the USS Vicksburg (CG 69), 
where she served as the fire control of-ficer while qualifying as the anti-air warfare commander, force anti-air war-fare commander, and force tactical ac-tion officer. 
Since January 2013, Lieutenant 
Rosenberg has served as a Senate liai-son officer in the Navy Office of Legis-lative Affairs. In this capacity, she has been a major asset to the Navy and Congress. Over the course of the last 2 years, Lieutenant Rosenberg has led 21 Congressional delegations to 36 dif-ferent countries. She has escorted 54 Members of Congress and 36 personal and professional staff members. She has distinguished herself by going above and beyond the call of duty to fa-cilitate and successfully execute each and every trip, despite any number of weather, aircraft, and diplomatic com-plications. Her leadership, energy, and integrity have ensured that numerous challenging Senate overseas trips have been flawlessly executed, to include an arduous trip to Afghanistan. 
This Chamber will feel Lieutenant 
Rosenberg’s absence. I join many past and present Members of Congress in my gratitude and appreciation to Lieuten-ant Rosenberg for her outstanding leadership and her unwavering support of the missions of the U.S. Navy, the Senate Armed Services Committee, Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Senate Select Committee on Intel-ligence, and others. I wish Lieutenant Rosenberg ‘‘fair winds and following seas.’’ 
f 
ACCREDITATION 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of my remarks at 
the Senate Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions hearing on ‘‘Reauthorizing the Higher Education Act: Evaluating Accreditation’s Role in Ensuring Quality.’’ 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
ACCREDITATION  
We’re here today to discuss our system for 
ensuring that colleges are giving students a good education. That’s called accreditation. 
Accreditation is a self-governing process 
that was created by colleges in the 1800s. The organizations they created were intended to help colleges distinguish themselves from high schools and later, to accredit one an-other. 
At this time there was no federal involve-
ment in higher education or accreditation, and right around the end of World War II, about 5% of the population had earned a col-lege degree. 
Accreditation however took on a new role 
in the 1950’s. After the Korean War, Congress went looking for a way to ensure that the money spent for the GI Bill to help veterans go to college was being used at legitimate, quality institutions. 
Congress had enough sense to know they 
couldn’t do the job of evaluating the diver-sity of our colleges and universities them-selves so they outsourced the task to accred-itation. Accreditors became, as many like to say, ‘‘gatekeepers’’ to federal funds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:34 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.090 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4948 July 9, 2015 
The Korean War G.I. Bill of 1952 first estab-
lished this new responsibility—it said that veterans could only use their benefits at col-leges that were accredited by an agency rec-ognized by what was called the Commis-sioner of Education, and then after the De-partment of Education was created in 1979, the Secretary of Education. 
The Higher Education Act of 1965 used this 
same idea when it created federal financial aid for non-veteran college students. Around this time, about 10% of the population had received a college degree. 
However, the 1992 Higher Education Act 
Amendments were the first time the law said much about what standards accreditors needed to use when assessing quality at in-stitutions of higher education. 
Today, current law outlines 10 broad stand-
ards that federally recognized accreditors must have when reviewing colleges: student achievement; curriculum; faculty; facilities; fiscal and administrative capacity; student support services; recruiting and admissions practices; measure of program length; stu-dent complaints; and compliance with Title IV program responsibility. 
The law tells accreditors that they must 
measure student achievement, but it doesn’t tell them how to do it. 
Colleges and accreditors determine the 
specifics of the standards—not the Depart-ment of Education. 
For the student achievement standard, col-
leges and universities define how they meet that standard based on their mission—the law specifically doesn’t let the Department of Education regulate or define student achievement. 
And in fact, in 2007, when the Department 
of Education tried to do that, Congress stopped it. 
Still, Congress spends approximately $33 
billion for Pell grants each year, and tax-payers will lend over $100 billion in loans this year that students have to pay back. 
So we have a duty to make certain that 
students are spending that money at quality colleges and universities. 
I believe there are two main concerns 
about accreditation: 
First, is it ensuring quality? And second, is the federal government 
guilty of getting in the way of accreditors doing their job? 
The Task Force on Government Regulation 
of Higher Education, which was commis-sioned by a bipartisan group of senators on this committee, told us in a detailed report that federal rules and regulations on accreditors have turned the process into fed-eral ‘‘micro-management.’’ 
In addressing these two concerns, I think 
we should look at five areas: 
First, are accreditors doing enough to en-
sure that students are learning and receiving a quality education? 
A recent survey commissioned by Inside 
Higher Ed found that 97% of chief academic officers at public colleges and universities believe their institution is ‘‘very or some-what effective at preparing students for the workforce.’’ 
But a Gallup survey shows that business 
leaders aren’t so sure—only one-third of American business leaders say that colleges and universities are graduating students with the skills and competencies their busi-nesses need. Nearly a third of business lead-ers disagree, with 17% going as far as to say that they strongly disagree. 
Second, would more competition and 
choice among accreditors be one way to im-prove quality? 
Accreditation is one of the few areas in 
higher education without choice and com-petition. Today colleges and universities cannot choose which regional accrediting agency they’d like to use. If they could, 
would that drive quality? 
Third, do federal rules and regulations 
force accreditors to spend too much time on issues other than quality? 
Accreditation may now be ‘‘cops on the 
beat’’ for Department of Education rules and regulations unrelated to academic quality. Accreditors review fire codes, institutional finances (something the Department of Edu-cation already looks at) and whether a school is in compliance with Department rules for Title IV. To me, these don’t seem to be an accreditor’s job. 
Fourth, do accreditors have the right tools 
and flexibility to deal with the many dif-ferent institutions with many different needs and circumstances? 
Some well-established institutions may 
not need to go through the same process as everyone else, allowing accreditors to focus on those institutions that need the most help. 
Finally, could the public benefit from more 
information about accreditation? 
All the public learns from the accredita-
tion process is whether a school is accredited or unaccredited. Even at comparable col-leges, quality may vary dramatically, yet all institutions receive the same, blanket ‘‘ac-credited’’ stamp of approval. Seems to me that there could be more information pro-vided to students, families or policymakers. 
We’d better find a way to make accredita-
tion work better. 
There’s really not another way to do this— 
to monitor quality. Because if accreditation doesn’t do it, I can assure you that Congress can’t. And the Department of Education cer-tainly doesn’t have the capacity or know- how. 
They could hire a thousand bureaucrats to 
run around the country reviewing 6,000 col-leges, but you can imagine what that would be like. 
They’re already trying to rate colleges, 
and no one is optimistic about their efforts— I think they’ll collapse of their own weight. 
So it’s crucial that accrediting of our col-
leges improve. 
Our witnesses have a variety of viewpoints 
on accreditation and I look forward to the discussion. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE NORTHWEST 
ARKANSAS COUNCIL 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I want 
to recognize the hard work, dedication, and achievements of the Northwest Ar-kansas Council, which is celebrating its 25th anniversary. This organization helped transform Northwest Arkansas into an economic powerhouse. In 1990, business and community leaders cre-ated a cooperative regional business foundation with a focus on what is best for the region. Now, 25 years later, the council has strengthened partnerships and achieved many successes. 
Early on, the council recognized the 
importance of expanding the region’s infrastructure. It planted the seeds for development by pursuing the construc-tion of a new regional airport, an inter-state to connect western Arkansas, and a massive 2-ton water system to serve Benton and Washington Counties. 
These priorities laid the foundation 
for the expansive growth and develop-ment of the region. Northwest Arkan-sas continues to flourish under the 
council’s encouragement and vision. By focusing on the future and on mutually beneficial goals, the council is a leader in visualizing and promoting invest-ments that meet the needs of citizens and local businesses. In recent years, the council’s goals have expanded to-ward growing the region’s workforce, including increasing the number of high school and college graduates and attracting top talent. 
This unique partnership encourages 
communities throughout the region to think about long-term goals and cre-ates a strategic plan to accomplish them. What is impressive is that the council consistently achieves most of its goals, often ahead of schedule. 
The council is a model for success. 
Economic development regions across Arkansas and throughout the country use the council as a model, with hopes of achieving similar success. The coun-cil has demonstrated the value of co-operation and collaboration, as well as the importance of keeping attention focused on common ground and shared interests. 
I congratulate the Northwest Arkan-
sas Council on its 25-year commitment to growth and development and for continuing to make the region better through infrastructure improvements, workforce development, and regional stewardship. I look forward to con-tinuing to work with the Northwest Arkansas Council and seeing its future achievements. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING SHERIFF RALPH 
LAMB 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today 
we honor the life and legacy of former Clark County Sheriff Ralph Lamb, whose passing signifies a great loss to Nevada. I send my condolences and prayers to his wife Rae and all of Mr. Lamb’s family in this time of mourn-ing. He was a man committed to his family, his country, his State, and his community. Although he will be sorely missed, his legendary influence throughout the Silver State will con-tinue on. 
Mr. Lamb was born on April 10, 1927, 
in a small ranching community in Alamo. He was one of 11 children who helped on the family farm and worked in the local schoolhouse to support the family. At 11 years old, his father was killed in a rodeo accident, and he was taken in by his oldest brother Floyd Lamb. Mr. Lamb served in the Army during World War II in the Pacific The-ater, later returning to Nevada. He be-came a Clark County deputy sheriff and soon after was named chief of de-tectives. In 1954, he left the Clark County Sheriff’s Department to form a private detective agency. 
It wasn’t until 1958 that Mr. Lamb 
showed interest in returning to the de-partment. He was named Clark County Sheriff in 1961 and served under this title for 18 years, an unprecedented amount of time that continues to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.043 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4949 July 9, 2015 
the longest anyone has held the job. 
His unwavering dedication to the de-partment and the community will al-ways be remembered. 
Mr. Lamb truly strived to make the 
department the absolute best it could be. Throughout his tenure, organized crime was prevalent in the Las Vegas community. Mr. Lamb worked with the county commission to pass the ‘‘work card law,’’ requiring anyone working in the gaming industry to be fingerprinted, photographed, and to no-tify the sheriff if he or she moved jobs. This important piece of legislation helped significantly in fighting orga-nized crime. 
He was also a key contributor in 
transitioning the Clark County Sher-iff’s Department into a more sophisti-cated force and in helping in its con-solidation with the Las Vegas Police Department, creating stability in the law enforcement community with the present Metropolitan Police Depart-ment, Metro. His administration cre-ated the city’s first SWAT team and brought the Las Vegas metropolitan area a modern crime lab, including a mobile crime lab. Metro was one of the first police agencies to utilize semi-automatic pistols and in-car com-puters, all driven by the hard work of Mr. Lamb. His many accomplishments will benefit future Metro officers for years to come. 
I extend my deepest sympathies to 
his family. We will always remember Mr. Lamb for his invaluable contribu-tions to the local community. It is the brave men and women who serve in the local police department who keep our communities safe. These heroes self-lessly put their lives on the line every day. Mr. Lamb’s sacrifice and courage earn him a place among the out-standing men and women who have val-iantly put their lives on the line to keep our communities safe, and his service will never be forgotten. 
Mr. Lamb fought to maintain only 
the highest level of excellence for the Clark County Sheriff’s Department. The Southern Nevada community re-mains safer because of Mr. Lamb. I am honored to commend him for his hard work and invaluable contributions to the Silver State. Today, I join the Las Vegas metropolitan community and citizens of the Silver State to celebrate the life of an upstanding Nevadan, Sheriff Ralph Lamb. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING HOTEL NEVADA’S 
86TH ANNIVERSARY 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize the 86th anniversary of Hotel Nevada, a historic landmark and important piece of the Ely commu-nity. I am proud to honor this hotel that serves as a symbol of Nevada’s history and continues to offer quality services to guests and locals alike. 
The city of Ely was originally estab-
lished as a stagecoach stop and post of-fice along the Pony Express’ Central Overland Route in 1870 and was des-ignated the county seat in 1887. The 
city expanded its growth in 1906 when copper mining dominated the area. The necessity to accommodate numerous miners who worked in the area drove the development of the city and kin-dled the construction of many build-ings. The Hotel Nevada was built dur-ing this time of the Prohibition era in 1929 and was deemed the tallest build-ing in the State with six floors in the 1940s. It is one of a kind and continues to maintain its authenticity with its original structure, bringing a distinct rural West feel. I am grateful this re-markable site provides visitors and residents a glimpse into Nevada’s past. It is truly a staple for the Ely commu-nity. 
The hotel and gambling hall offers 67 
updated rooms to guests. It also pro-vides the only 24-hour restaurant and full-service hotel and casino in Ely. Since its opening, it has received many well-known guests, including Wayne Newton, Mickey Rooney, and Lyndon Johnson. Each time my wife and I trav-el to the city of Ely, we stay at the Hotel Nevada. I can say from first-hand experience Hotel Nevada offers an un-paralleled historic experience to its guests. It gives me great pleasure to see this business celebrate 86 years of success. 
Hotel Nevada has demonstrated pro-
fessionalism, commitment to excel-lence, and true dedication to authen-ticity since its opening. After 86 years, it stands a true testament to the City of Ely. Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Hotel Nevada on its 86th anniversary. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. WILLIAM ‘‘BRIT’’ 
KIRWAN 
∑Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor the extraordinary Dr. William ‘‘Brit’’ Kirwan, who recently left the post of chancellor of the University System of Maryland, USM. Not only am I honored to know him profes-sionally, I am proud to call him a dear friend. 
Dr. Kirwan will be greatly missed. He 
has devoted himself to higher edu-cation for the past 50 years. How amaz-ing is that? Not only is he an accom-plished individual, he also throws the coolest Derby parties. I love Dr. Kirwan, and I know Maryland loves Dr. Kirwan. 
Prior to becoming chancellor of 
USM, Dr. Kirwan served as president of the Ohio State University for 4 years. Before that, he served as president of the University of Maryland, College Park, UMCP, for 10 years. Before be-coming president of UMCP, he was a member of the University of Maryland faculty for 24 years—where he served as an assistant professor, department chair and Provost. Until last month, Dr. Kirwan served as the chancellor of USM for 13 years. 
Under his leadership, USM roared 
into the 21st century. He led 11 univer-sities, with more than 40,000 under-graduate and graduate students. He 
boosted graduation rates while winning lacrosse and basketball games. He made sure that no campus was left out or left behind. He made sure to support the University of Maryland flagship, our schools out in western Maryland and on the Eastern Shore—Frostburg and Salisbury—and our Historically Black Colleges and Universities, HBCUs. He also worked to make sure our professional schools in downtown Baltimore remained strong. In fact, downtown Baltimore has some of the best medical, law, nursing and social work schools in the world. Students knew they could count on Dr. Kirwan. He made college more affordable by freezing tuition for 4 years. Even fac-ulty knew they could count on him. 
Dr. Kirwan has so many more accom-
plishments that it is difficult to know where to begin. Particularly, the ac-complishments I am most proud of were the ones where we worked to-gether. When Senator A
LEXANDER and I 
worked together on the reauthoriza-tion of the Higher Education Act in 2008, we looked at two things: how can we make sure young people get a qual-ity and affordable education, and how can colleges and universities control their costs. What emerged was the rec-ognition that we needed to do some-thing about burdensome regulations. That is why Senator A
LEXANDER and I, 
along with Senators B ENNET and B URR, 
created a task force to look at the issue of duplicative, burdensome higher education regulations. 
Because of Dr. Kirwan’s wealth and 
knowledge of higher education, I knew he was the right man for the job to lead this particular task force. What he was able to accomplish is astounding. The task force, under his leadership, put together a comprehensive report that identified the 10 most onerous reg-ulations institutions of higher edu-cation were faced with. The report also provided recommendations on what Congress and the administration could to streamline regulations. As a result of Dr. Kirwan’s work, my colleagues in the Senate are using his recommenda-tions to make sure our laws are about smart regulation, not strangulation. 
While being a national leader in fu-
turistic things like cyber technology, training the next generation of cyber warriors, making our economy strong-er and our country safer, Dr. Kirwan helped changed higher education. He helped change the world—literally changing the global economy. I would venture to say that we would not have Google if it were not for Dr. Kirwan. Now some of you may say: ‘‘Senator B
ARB, where does this come from?’’ Let 
me tell you a story. 
Dr. Kiwan, is not only an able chan-
cellor, he really is a gifted mathemati-cian. And in his work as a mathemati-cian, he had the opportunity to travel to conferences around the world. At one of those conferences in the 1970s, Dr. Kirwan met someone from the So-viet Union by the name of Dr. Michael Brin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.045 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4950 July 9, 2015 
Then in 1974, Congress passed a little 
piece of legislation called Jackson- Vanik, which helped put pressure on the Soviet Union to remove its emigra-tion restrictions. When this happened, Dr. Brin reached out to Dr. Kirwan and said: ‘‘Do you think you can help me?’’ And boy, did Dr. Kirwan help him out. 
Thanks to the work of Dr. Kirwan 
and the USM Board of Regents, not only could Dr. Brin get out of Russia, he was able to come to the University of Maryland. With him, Dr. Brin brought his son Sergey. Sergey was a brilliant little boy—some may even say a bit difficult. He was so smart that he was able to graduate from College Park in 1993 at the age of 17. From there, Sergey went on to Stanford where he worked out of one of those garages we all hear about. 
Well, the rest is history. Sergey Brin, 
of course, is Google. And had it not been for Dr. Kirwan meeting Dr. Brin, Congress doing Jackson-Vanik, the University of Maryland providing a home for Dr. Brin, we would not have Google. I think that is a fabulous story that shows what good immigration pol-icy can do, and also what a gifted, tal-ented, and dedicated humanitarian Dr. Kirwan is. 
Though he changed the world, what 
has never changed is the man himself. Dr. Kirwan is a man we admire, a man we respect, and a man we value. It is safe to say that Dr. Kirwan is a man we have such affection for, for his passion for education, for his deep concern and caring for our students. For Dr. Kirwan, it was never about building buildings, it was about building a fu-ture for our young people and for the great State of Maryland. 
Dr. Kirwan, there will never be 
enough ‘‘thank yous’’ in the world but: thank you, thank you, thank you for your determination and dedication to making Maryland a better place. We will all miss you dearly but wish you much success in your retirement. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING SAFE HAVEN 
ENTERPRISES 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small 
businesses are often on the forefront of innovation and safety. American entre-preneurs create and take advantage of opportunities to transform the ways in which we secure our property, aid in natural disasters, and protect our fami-lies. This week I would like to recog-nize Safe Haven Enterprises of Jen-nings, LA as Small Business of the Week. 
In 1998, Alta Baker founded Safe 
Haven Enterprises, SHE, with the goal of providing strong buildings and mo-bile units that would protect folks and their property in times of disaster. Today, SHE has grown into an enter-prise that produces 22 different types of structures ranging from office com-plexes to ballistic-resistant doors to first response units for natural disas-ters. In order to ensure that SHE’s manufacturing can withstand various environments, including hurricane- 
strength weather and direct RPG at-tacks, each product has been field test-ed since 2003, providing exceptional se-curity and peace of mind for U.S. em-bassies, government facilities, off- shore oil rigs, electric companies, and private homes in Louisiana and around the world. Most recently, SHE build-ings have been tested in conflict areas in the Middle East—protecting scores of American military personnel and property. 
Safe Haven Enterprises is located in 
a U.S. Small Business Administration Historically Underutilized Business Zone, or HUBZone, and has aided the local economy through the creation of high-quality, technical jobs in South-west Louisiana. SHE president and CEO Alta Baker has received numerous recognitions, including the 2014 Women in Construction NYC’s Outstanding Woman Business of the Year award and the 2010 U.S. Chamber of Commerce Faces of Trade Award. SHE also holds numerous certifications from institu-tions such as the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Coast Guard, and the Canadian Standards Association cer-tifications for many of its technical structures. 
Congratulations again to Safe Haven 
Enterprises for being selected as Small Business of the Week. Thank you for your commitment to producing safe, reliable shelters for the greatest times of need. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 3:36 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 728. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’. 
H.R. 891. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Build-ing’’. 
H.R. 1326. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as 
the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Fer-guson Post Office’’. 
H.R. 1350. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Build-ing’’. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) announced that on today, July 
9, 2015, he had signed the following en-rolled bill, previously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
H.R. 91. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2158. A communication from the Con-
gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importa-tion of Beef From a Region in Argentina’’ ((RIN0579–AD92) (Docket No. APHIS–2014– 0032)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2159. A communication from the Con-
gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importa-tion of Beef From a Region in Brazil’’ ((RIN0579–AD41) (Docket No. APHIS–2009– 0017)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2160. A communication from the Pro-
gram Manager of the BioPreferred Program, Office of Procurement and Property Manage-ment, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Voluntary Labeling Program for Biobased Products’’ (RIN0599–AA22) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–2161. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Con-gress on Corrosion Policy and Oversight Budget Materials for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2162. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Lieutenant General Stephen L. Hoog, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–2163. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of three (3) officers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of major general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.076 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4951 July 9, 2015 
EC–2164. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Clauses With Alternates— Prescriptions and Clause Prefaces’’ ((RIN0750–AI57) (DFARS Case 2015–D016)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2165. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Defense Contractors Out-side the United States—Subpart Relocation’’ ((RIN0750–AI55) (DFARS Case 2015–D015)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2166. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Allowability of Legal Costs for Whistleblower Proceedings’’ ((RIN0750– AI04) (DFARS Case 2013–D022)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2167. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Inflation Adjustment of Acquisition-Related Thresholds’’ ((RIN0750– AI43) (DFARS Case 2014–D025)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2168. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Flood Elevation Deter-minations’’ ((44 CFR Part 67) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2169. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13441 with respect to Leb-anon; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2170. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Venezuela Sanc-tions Regulations’’ (31 CFR Parts 591) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2171. A communication from the Senior 
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Bank’s man-agement report for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2172. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Conventional Ovens’’ ((RIN1904–AC71) (Dock-et No. EERE–2012–BT–TP–0013)) received dur-
ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–2173. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator, U.S. Energy Information Ad-ministration, Department of Energy, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Availability and Price of Petroleum and Petroleum Products Produced in Coun-tries Other Than Iran’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–2174. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Packaged Terminal Air Conditioners and Packaged Terminal Heat Pumps’’ ((RIN1904– AD19) (Docket No. EERE–2012–BT–TP–0032)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–2175. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Medicare Secondary Payer Commercial Re-payment Center in Fiscal Year 2014’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2176. A communication from the In-
spector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Part D Plans Gen-erally Include Drugs Commonly Used by Dual Eligibles: 2015’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2177. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Clarifications to the Requirement in the Treasury Regula-tions Under Section 501(r) (4) that a Hospital Facility’s Financial Assistance Policy In-clude a List of Providers’’ (Notice 2015–46) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2178. A communication from the Chair-
man, Medicare Payment Advisory Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to the Congress: Medicare and the Health Care Delivery System’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2179. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0073–2015–0076); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2180. A communication from the Execu-
tive Analyst, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Sec-retary for Health, Department of Health and Human Services, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions. 
EC–2181. A communication from the Execu-
tive Analyst, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Sec-retary for Health, Department of Health and Human Services, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2182. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Infant Formula: The Addi-tion of Minimum and Maximum Levels of Se-lenium to Infant Formula and Related Label-ing Requirements’’ (Docket No. FDA–2013–N– 0067) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2183. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Review of Federal Drug Regulations with Regard to Medical Gases’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2184. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revocation of General Safe-ty Test Regulations that are Duplicative of Requirements in Biologics License Applica-tions’’ (Docket No. FDA–2014–N–1110) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2185. A joint communication from the 
Executive Director and the Chair of the Board of Governors, Patient-Centered Out-comes Research Institute (PCORI), transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Institute’s 2014 Annual Report; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2186. A communication from the Direc-
tor, National Legislative Commission, The American Legion, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the financial condi-tion of The American Legion as of December 31, 2014 and 2013; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
EC–2187. A communication from the Dep-
uty General Counsel, Office of Policy, Plan-ning, and Liaison, Small Business Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Microloan Program Expanded Eligibility and Other Program Changes’’ (RIN3245–AG53) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship. 
EC–2188. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Technical Amendments’’ (FAC 2005–83) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–2189. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–83; Small Entity Compliance Guide’’ (FAC 2005–83) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–2190. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Clarification on Justification for Urgent Noncompetitive Awards Exceeding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.032 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4952 July 9, 2015 
One Year’’ ((RIN9000–AM86) (FAC 2005–83)) re-
ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2191. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations’’ ((RIN9000– AM70) (FAC 2005–83)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2192. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Permanent Authority for Use of Simplified Acquisition Procedures for Cer-tain Commercial Items’’ ((RIN9000–AN06) (FAC 2005–83)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–2193. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation: Update to Product and Service Codes’’ ((RIN9000–AN08) (FAC 2005–83)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2194. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations—Represen-tation and Notification’’ ((RIN9000–AM85) (FAC 2005–83)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–2195. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Inflation Adjustment of Acquisi-tion-Related Thresholds’’ ((RIN9000–AM80) (FAC 2005–83)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–2196. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–83; Introduction’’ (FAC 2005–83) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2197. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report from the Office of the In-spector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–2198. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–92, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Cul-
tivation Center Exception Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–2199. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–93, ‘‘Youth Employment and Work Readiness Training Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–2200. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–94, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Second Revised Budget Request Temporary Adjust-ment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–2201. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–90, ‘‘Healthy Hearts of Babies Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2202. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–91, ‘‘Access to Contraceptives Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–2203. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Procurement, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘NASA FAR Regu-latory Review No. 3’’ (RIN2700–AE19) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2204. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Recreational Management Measures for the Summer Flounder, Scup, and Black Sea Bass Fisheries; Fishing Year 2015’’ (RIN0648–BE89) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2205. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlan-tic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XD973) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2206. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South At-lantic; 2015 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for the South Atlantic Lesser Amberjack, Almaco Jack, and Banded Rudderfish Complex’’ (RIN0648–XD988) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2207. A communication from the Dep-
uty Chief, Public Safety and Homeland Secu-rity Bureau, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Review of the Emergency Alert System’’ ((FCC 15–60) (EB Docket No. 04–296)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-
dent of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2208. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Lifeline and Link Up Reform’’ ((RIN3060–AF85) (DA 15–398)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 1, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on 
Appropriations, without amendment: 
S. 1725. An original bill making appropria-
tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–79). 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee 
on the Judiciary, without amendment: 
S. 1300. A bill to amend the section 221 of 
the Immigration and Nationality Act to pro-vide relief for adoptive families from immi-grant visa feeds in certain situations. 
S. 1482. A bill to improve and reauthorize 
provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsylvania, to 
be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit. 
Travis Randall McDonough, of Tennessee, 
to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Tennessee. 
Waverly D. Crenshaw, Jr., of Tennessee, to 
be United States District Judge for the Mid-dle District of Tennessee. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HEINRICH: 
S. 1723. A bill to amend the Public Utility 
Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to promote safe and reliable interconnection and net billing for community solar facilities; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. R
EID, 
Mrs. B OXER , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ): 
S. 1724. A bill to provide for environmental 
restoration activities and forest manage-ment activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
By Mr. GRAHAM: 
S. 1725. An original bill making appropria-
tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.033 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4953 July 9, 2015 
other purposes; from the Committee on Ap-
propriations; placed on the calendar. 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. P AUL, Mr. 
WYDEN , and Mrs. M URRAY ): 
S. 1726. A bill to create protections for de-
pository institutions that provide financial services to marijuana-related businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1727. A bill to rename the National Flor-
ence Crittenton Mission; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. COATS: 
S. 1728. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide equal access to declaratory judgments for organizations seeking tax-exempt status; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASSIDY ): 
S. 1729. A bill to amend the State report 
card provisions of section 1111(h) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to require the disaggregation of the edu-cational outcomes of students with disabil-ities by disability category; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. G
RASS -
LEY, and Mr. L EAHY ): 
S. 1730. A bill to enhance civil penalties 
under the Federal securities laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. 
H
IRONO ): 
S. 1731. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to waive the minimum period of continuous active duty in the Armed Forces for receipt of certain benefits for homeless veterans, to authorize the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to furnish such benefits to homeless veterans with discharges or re-leases from service in the Armed Forces with other than dishonorable conditions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mrs. 
F
ISCHER , and Mr. M ORAN ): 
S. 1732. A bill to authorize elements of the 
Department of Transportation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 1733. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Agriculture to establish a forest incentives program to keep forests intact and sequester carbon on private forest land of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. 
By Mr. KIRK: 
S. 1734. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
Transportation to waive the state of good re-pair certification requirement for partici-pants in the pilot program for expedited project delivery; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHUMER , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE ): 
S. 1735. A bill to modernize the 
Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. K ING, Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and 
Mr. R EED): 
S. 1736. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for an invest-ment tax credit related to the production of 
electricity from offshore wind; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. 
S
CHUMER , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. U DALL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. R EED, 
Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
MARKEY , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. C ARDIN , 
and Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. 1737. A bill to provide an incentive for 
businesses to bring jobs back to America; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL: 
S. 1738. A bill to protect individuals by 
strengthening the Nation’s mental health in-frastructure, improving the understanding of violence, strengthening firearm prohibitions and protections for at-risk individuals , and improving and expanding the reporting of mental health records to the National In-stant Criminal Background Check System; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BOOKER: 
S. 1739. A bill to increase the minimum lev-
els of financial responsibility for trans-porting property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. C ANTWELL , 
Mr. N ELSON , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
BENNET , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. 
REID, Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C OONS , Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. R EED, Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. K ING, and Mr. 
MANCHIN ): 
S. 1740. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to clarify that all provi-sions shall apply to legally married same-sex couples in the same manner as other married couples, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. 
W
ICKER , and Mr. B ROWN ): 
S. 1741. A bill to establish tire fuel effi-
ciency minimum performance standards, im-prove tire registration, help consumers iden-tify recalled tires, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. 
T
ESTER , Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Mr. 
PETERS ): 
S. 1742. A bill to improve the provision of 
postal services to rural areas of the United States; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 1743. A bill to provide greater trans-
parency, accountability, and safety author-ity to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. 
I
SAKSON ): 
S. 1744. A bill to authorize the sale of cer-
tain National Forest System land in the State of Georgia; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. TESTER: 
S. 1745. A bill to provide grants to eligible 
entities to develop and maintain or improve and expand before school, afterschool, and summer school programs for Indian and Alaska Native students, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. W ARNER , and Mr. K AINE): 
S. 1746. A bill to require the Office of Per-
sonnel Management to provide complimen-tary, comprehensive identity protection cov-erage to all individuals whose personally identifiable information was compromised during recent data breaches at Federal agen-cies; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Mr. G
RAHAM ): 
S. 1747. A bill to improve the enforcement 
of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, and Mr. D URBIN ): 
S. 1748. A bill to provide for improved in-
vestment in national transportation infra-structure; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Ms. 
H
EITKAMP , and Mr. M ANCHIN ): 
S.J. Res. 18. A joint resolution proposing a 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R ISCH, Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. T ESTER , 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. 
THUNE , and Mr. H OEVEN ): 
S. Res. 219. A resolution designating July 
25, 2015, as ‘‘National Day of the American Cowboy’’; considered and agreed to. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. 
H
OEVEN ): 
S. Res. 220. A resolution commemorating 
the 50th anniversary of the Medora Musical; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENNET , and Ms. C ANTWELL ): 
S. Res. 221. A resolution recognizing the 
100th anniversary of Rocky Mountain Na-tional Park; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 37 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 37, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to provide for State accountability in the provision of access to the core re-sources for learning, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 139 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 139, a bill to permanently allow an exclusion under the Supple-mental Security Income program and the Medicaid program for compensa-tion provided to individuals who par-ticipate in clinical trials for rare dis-eases or conditions. 
S. 183 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.035 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4954 July 9, 2015 
ERNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
183, a bill to repeal the annual fee on health insurance providers enacted by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 210 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 210, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for amounts paid by a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces for a new State license or certification required by reason of a permanent change in the duty station of such member to another State. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers al-lowed to utilize locum tenens arrange-ments under Medicare. 
S. 357 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
357, a bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code to require the pub-lic disclosure by trusts established under section 524(g) of such title, of quarterly reports that contain detailed information regarding the receipt and disposition of claims for injuries based on exposure to asbestos, and for other purposes. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 439, a bill to end discrimi-nation based on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 471 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 471, a bill to improve the provi-sion of health care for women veterans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify pre-sumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vi-cinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and 
for other purposes. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from Kan-
sas (Mr. R OBERTS ), the Senator from 
Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), 
and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
697, a bill to amend the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act to reauthorize and modernize that Act, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 743 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 743, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of the Armed Forces of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law, and for other purposes. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 746, a bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a Commission to Accel-erate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 884 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 884, a bill to improve ac-cess to emergency medical services, and for other purposes. 
S. 979 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 979, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1038 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1038, a bill to clarify that no express or implied warranty is provided by reason of a disclosure relating to voluntary participation in the Energy Star program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1085 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator 
from New York (Mr. S CHUMER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1085, a bill to expand eligibility for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, to expand benefits avail-able to participants under such pro-gram, to enhance special compensation for members of the uniformed services who require assistance in everyday life, and for other purposes. 
S. 1090 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. ROBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1090, a bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act to provide eligi-bility for broadcasting facilities to re-ceive certain disaster assistance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1182 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1182, a bill to exempt ap-plication of JSA attribution rule in case of existing agreements. 
S. 1190 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1190, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure equal ac-cess of Medicare beneficiaries to com-munity pharmacies in underserved areas as network pharmacies under Medicare prescription drug coverage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1300 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from 
Oklahoma (Mr. I NHOFE ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1300, a bill to amend the section 221 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide relief for adoptive families from immigrant visa fees in certain situations. 
S. 1333 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1333, a bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to exclude cannabidiol and cannabidiol-rich plants from the definition of mari-huana, and for other purposes. 
S. 1458 
At the request of Mr. C OATS , the 
names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from Mis-
sissippi (Mr. W ICKER ) and the Senator 
from Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1458, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act of 1977 to ensure sci-entific transparency in the develop-ment of environmental regulations and for other purposes. 
S. 1461 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1461, a bill to provide for the extension of the enforcement in-struction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hos-pitals through 2015. 
S. 1495 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1495, a bill to curtail the use of changes in mandatory programs af-fecting the Crime Victims Fund to in-flate spending. 
S. 1509 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.037 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4955 July 9, 2015 
(Mr. F RANKEN ) and the Senator from 
New Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1509, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coordination of pro-grams to prevent and treat obesity, and for other purposes. 
S. 1540 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1540, a bill to improve the enforce-ment of prohibitions on robocalls, in-cluding fraudulent robocalls. 
S. 1544 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1544, a bill to rescind unused earmarks provided for the Department of Transportation, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1584 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1584, a bill to repeal the re-newable fuel standard. 
S. 1598 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names 
of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ), the Senator from Mississippi 
(Mr. C OCHRAN ), the Senator from Wis-
consin (Mr. J OHNSON ), the Senator from 
Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ), the Senator 
from Arkansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ), the Sen-
ator from North Carolina (Mr. T ILLIS ), 
the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from Wyoming 
(Mr. B ARRASSO ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 1598, a bill to prevent dis-criminatory treatment of any person on the basis of views held with respect to marriage. 
S. 1670 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1670, a bill to amend the Torture Vic-tims Relief Act of 1998 to authorize ap-propriations to provide assistance for domestic and foreign programs and centers for the treatment of victims of torture, and for other purposes. 
S. 1672 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1672, a bill to authorize States to enter into interstate compacts regard-ing Class A commercial driver’s li-censes. 
S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1714, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1716 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. MERKLEY ) and the Senator from Cali-
fornia (Mrs. B OXER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1716, a bill to provide ac-cess to higher education for the stu-dents of the United States. 
S. 1717 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) and the Senator from 
Louisiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1717, a bill to amend title 46, United States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within in-land waterways from the fire-retardant materials requirement if the owners of such vessels make annual structural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not con-structed of fire-retardant materials. 
S. RES. 211 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 211, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding Srebrenica. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2093 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator 
from Nevada (Mr. R EID) were added as 
cosponsors of amendment No. 2093 pro-posed to S. 1177, an original bill to re-authorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2094 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Wisconsin 
(Mr. J OHNSON ), the Senator from Okla-
homa (Mr. I NHOFE ), the Senator from 
Kentucky (Mr. M CCONNELL ), the Sen-
ator from Tennessee (Mr. A LEXANDER ), 
the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R OB-
ERTS ), the Senator from West Virginia 
(Mrs. C APITO ), the Senator from Colo-
rado (Mr. B ENNET ) and the Senator 
from Mississippi (Mr. W ICKER ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2094 proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2096 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2096 proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2110 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2110 proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2133 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 2133 intended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill 
to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2135 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator 
from New Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ), the 
Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from New York 
(Mr. S CHUMER ), the Senator from Illi-
nois (Mr. D URBIN ) and the Senator from 
Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 2135 in-tended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2151 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 2151 in-tended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2152 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 2152 intended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2159 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2159 intended to be pro-posed to S. 1177, an original bill to re-authorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2166 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 2166 intended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2167 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2167 intended to be pro-posed to S. 1177, an original bill to re-authorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2169 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from Okla-
homa (Mr. I NHOFE ) and the Senator 
from Oregon (Mr. W YDEN ) were added 
as cosponsors of amendment No. 2169 intended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.038 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4956 July 9, 2015 
1965 to ensure that every child 
achieves. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. 
GRASSLEY , and Mr. L EAHY ): 
S. 1730. A bill to enhance civil pen-
alties under the Federal securities laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, the 
Stronger Enforcement of Civil Pen-alties Act, which I am pleased to be in-troducing today with Senator G
RASS -
LEY and Senator L EAHY , will enhance 
the ability of securities regulators to protect investors and demand greater accountability from market players. Unfortunately, even after the financial crisis that crippled the economy, we continue to see calculated wrongdoing by some on Wall Street. Without the consequence of meaningful penalties to serve as an effective deterrent, I fear this disturbing culture of misconduct will persist. 
The existing regime for securities 
law violations limits by statute the amount of penalties the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC, can fine an institution or individual. During hearings I held in 2011 in the Securi-ties, Insurance, and Investment Bank-ing Subcommittee, I learned how this limitation significantly interferes with the SEC’s ability to perform its en-forcement duties. At that time, the agency had been criticized by a Federal judge for not obtaining a larger settle-ment against Citigroup, a major player in the financial crisis that settled with the SEC in an amount that was a frac-tion of the cost the bank had inflicted on investors. The SEC explained that the reason for the low settlement amount was a statutory prohibition from levying a larger penalty. 
The bipartisan bill Senator G
RASSLEY  
and I are introducing updates and strengthens the SEC’s civil penalties statute. It aims to make potential and current offenders think twice before engaging in misconduct by increasing the maximum civil monetary penalties permitted by statute, directly linking the size of the maximum penalties to the amount of losses suffered by vic-tims of a violation, and substantially raising the financial stakes for repeat offenders of our nation’s securities laws. 
Specifically, our bill would give the 
SEC more options to tailor penalties to the specific circumstances of a given violation. In addition to raising the per violation caps for severe, or ‘‘tier three,’’ violations to $1 million per of-fense for individuals and $10 million per offense for entities, the bill would also give the SEC additional options to obtain greater penalties based on the ill-gotten gains of the violator or on the financial harm to investors. 
Our bill also addresses the dis-
concerting trend of repeat offenders on Wall Street through two provisions. 
The first would allow the SEC to triple the penalty cap applicable to recidi-vists who have been held either crimi-nally or civilly liable for securities fraud within the preceding five years. The second would allow the SEC to seek a civil penalty against those that violate existing federal court or SEC orders, an approach that would be more efficient, effective, and flexible than the current civil contempt remedy. These two changes would substantially improve the ability of the SEC’s en-forcement program to ratchet up pen-alties for recidivists. 
More than half of all U.S. households 
own securities. They deserve a strong cop on the beat that has the tools it needs to go after fraudsters and pursue the difficult cases arising from our in-creasingly complex financial markets. The Stronger Enforcement of Civil Penalties Act will give the SEC more tools to demand meaningful account-ability from Wall Street, which in turn will increase transparency and con-fidence in our financial system. I urge our colleagues to support this impor-tant bipartisan legislation to enhance the SEC’s ability to protect investors and crack down on fraud. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and 
Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 1731. A bill to amend title 38, 
United States Code, to waive the min-imum period of continuous active duty in the Armed Forces for receipt of cer-tain benefits for homeless veterans, to 
authorize the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to furnish such benefits to home-less veterans with discharges or re-leases from service in the Armed Forces with other than dishonorable conditions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, today 
I am introducing the Homeless Vet-erans Services Protection Act of 2015. 
This legislation would ensure contin-
ued access to homeless services for some of our country’s most vulnerable veterans who are currently at risk of losing these critical services. 
The administration set the difficult 
but commendable goal of eliminating veteran homelessness. Through tre-mendous efforts at every level of gov-ernment, and with the help of commu-nity groups, non-profits and the pri-vate sector, we have made major progress toward achieving that goal. 
But we know we have a lot of work to 
do. Veterans are at greater risk of be-coming homeless than non-veterans and on any given night as many as 50,000 veterans are homeless across the United States. 
This is unacceptable. Our veterans made great sacrifices 
while serving our country and our com-mitment to them is especially impor-tant. This commitment includes pro-viding benefits, medical care, support, and assistance to prevent homeless-ness. 
Two of our greatest tools are the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs’ Grant and Per Diem program and the Sup-
portive Services for Veteran Families program through partnerships with homeless service providers around the country. 
These important and successful pro-
grams assist very low-income veterans and their families who either live in permanent housing or are transitioning from homelessness. The programs help our veterans with rent, utilities, mov-ing costs, outreach, case management, and obtaining benefits. 
But last year, after a legal review of 
its policies, VA was forced to prepare for a change that would have cut off services to veterans who did not meet certain length of service or discharge requirements, changing policies that homeless service providers had fol-lowed for decades. 
That would be a heartless, bureau-
cratic move that could have put thou-sands of veterans on the streets—prac-tically overnight. According to some of our leading veterans and homeless groups—including The American Le-gion, the National Alliance to End Homelessness the National Low Income Housing Coalition, and the National Coalition for Homeless Veterans—had the policy been enacted, VA would have had to stop serving about 15 per-cent of the homeless veteran popu-lation, and in certain urban areas up to 30 percent of homeless veterans would have been turned away. 
The veterans community alerted me 
to this possible change—and while I am proud that we prevented these changes in the short-term—it is very con-cerning that a legal opinion could be issued at any time to undo all of that. 
There is good reason to reverse this 
policy for good. A report from VA’s In-spector General, issued just last week, shows how VA’s unclear or outdated guidance hurts veterans, and how VA’s proposed policy changes work against efforts to help homeless veterans. 
As a senior member of the Senate 
Veterans’ Affairs Committee and the daughter of a World War II veteran, I’m proud that the bill I have introduced today would permanently protect homeless veterans’ access to housing and services. 
This bill makes it clear that our 
country takes care of those who have served, and we don’t allow bureaucracy to dictate who gets a roof over their head and who doesn’t. 
Many veterans struggle with mental 
illness, substance abuse, or simply finding a steady job—all factors that can lead to homelessness. 
And veterans of the wars in Iraq and 
Afghanistan are increasingly becoming homeless—numbers that will continue to increase in the coming years unless help is available for them. 
The idea that any of these veterans 
returning from service could become homeless because of these policies is unacceptable. 
If we ever hope to end veteran home-
lessness we must do everything we can to reach this goal, and I want to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.038 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4957 July 9, 2015 
sure that VA’s policies are moving us 
in that direction. 
I don’t just believe that the United 
States can do better; I believe we must do better for those who’ve sacrificed so much for our country. 
Finally I would like to thank Sen-
ator H
IRONO for cosponsoring this bill 
and being a champion of the men and women who have served our country. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
SCHUMER , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W ARNER , 
Mr. R EID, Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Mr. L EAHY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. S CHATZ , 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
COONS , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. R EED, Mr. K AINE, 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D ONNELLY , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
KING, and Mr. M ANCHIN ): 
S. 1740. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify that all provisions shall apply to legally mar-ried same-sex couples in the same man-ner as other married couples, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, 2 weeks 
ago, the Supreme Court handed down a wonderful decision recognizing that all Americans have the right to marry the man or woman they love. It was a tri-umphant movement in the march to-ward justice, one I was happy to cele-brate at home with a group of Orego-nians who were truly elated. In my re-marks that morning, I said: Love won and there is more to be done. 
So, today, along with 36 colleagues, I 
am introducing the Equal Dignity for Married Taxpayers Act of 2015. What this legislation does is it removes each gender-specific reference to marriage from the Tax Code. Now, in his opinion for the Court, Justice Kennedy pointed out the importance of providing equal dignity in the eyes of the law. 
Our legislation enshrines that equal 
dignity and respect in our Nation’s tax laws by recognizing a new dawn of lib-erty for all Americans. In my view, on a more symbolic level, this legislation is one way to help close the door on an era when too many of our laws denied equality to the LGBTQ community. In my view, this is a particularly impor-tant step in the march toward justice. It is a straightforward way to cement the recognition that all Americans share certain unalienable rights— among them, life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness. 
I was proud to vote against the De-
fense of Marriage Act in the Congress 20 years ago and fight measure 36 a dec-ade ago in Oregon. I have always said— 
always said—that if you don’t like gay marriage, don’t get one. This is fun-damentally an issue of justice and of liberty. I hope all Americans take pride in the wave of acceptance and equality that has rolled across our land and this decision embodies. 
This legislation now has 36 cospon-
sors. My hope is this body will support this proposal on a bipartisan basis. I look forward to working with our col-leagues to take this next step. It is a step toward the arc of justice—the arc of justice that says that all of us—all of us—have to be free. All of us should enjoy true and full equality for all Americans. I am very pleased 36 col-leagues are joining me in this proposal this morning. I hope the Senate will pass it expeditiously on a bipartisan basis. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , and Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 1743. A bill to provide greater 
transparency, accountability, and safe-ty authority to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, today, I 
am introducing the Motor Vehicle Safety Act of 2015. I introduce this bill with Senator B
LUMENTHAL , the Rank-
ing Member of the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, as well as Senator M
ARKEY , a valued Member 
of the Commerce Committee. 
Takata airbags. GM ignition switch-
es. Toyota unintended acceleration. By now, we all know the tragic stories: automakers and suppliers hiding dan-gerous defects for years right under the nose of a weak, under-resourced regu-lator. The result? Scores of deaths, hundreds of injuries, and millions of vehicles still under recall that are en-dangering lives both inside and outside the cars. 
Every year, over 32,000 people die on 
our roadways—32,000 lives cut short, 32,000 families without a loved one. Car accidents are by far the top cause of accidental deaths. But it doesn’t have to be this way. Congress can adopt practical solutions to help make cars safer and improve the recall process and, in turn, save lives. That is exactly what this legislation is designed to do—to take the lessons we have learned from exploding Takata airbags, defec-tive GM ignition switches, and several other recent serious recalls to ensure that a company can never again hide a lethal defects from the public, to im-prove the way we recall dangerous cars, and to harness American innova-tion and ingenuity to make vehicles safer. 
Many of the concepts in today’s bill 
are not new. Indeed, many of the provi-sions in the bill have passed the Senate before with bipartisan support. The Motor Vehicle Safety Act of 2015 that Senators B
LUMENTHAL , MARKEY , and I introduce today includes provisions 
from bills introduced by myself, Sen-ators B
LUMENTHAL , M ARKEY , G ILLI-
BRAND , SCHATZ , BOOKER , and former 
Chairman Rockefeller. Like the earlier bills, this legislation is predicated on improving four things: transparency, wrongdoer accountability, vehicle safe-ty, and recall effectiveness. 
First, government transparency. The 
Department of Transportation Inspec-tor General identified several problems with how NHTSA processes early warn-ing data. This bill seeks to help remedy those problems and increase the trans-parency of the information the agency receives. For example, the bill would require NHTSA to upgrade its online databases to improve searchability and to consider early warning data when investigating potential safety defects. The bill would also require NHTSA to disclose information submitted by manufacturers to NHTSA through the Early Warning Reporting system un-less the information is exempt under FOIA. Finally, motor vehicle and equipment manufacturers would have to automatically submit documenta-tion that first alerted them to a fatal-ity involving their vehicle or equip-ment to NHTSA’s Early Warning Re-porting database. 
Second, wrongdoer accountability. 
The bill would remove the cap on NHTSA’s civil penalty authority, which is currently at $35 million NHTSA’s civil penalty authority must be bolstered to deter highly profitable corporations from violating safety laws. Otherwise, we get what we have now: companies treating NHTSA’s civil penalties as a mere cost of doing busi-ness. Just look at the GM case, where the maximum $35 million civil penalty represented less than 1/1000 of GM’s quarterly revenues, which is over $35 billion. In addition, the bill would im-pose criminal penalties on corporate executives who knowingly conceal the fact that their product poses a danger of death or serious injury. Corporate executives who hide serious dangers from the public shouldn’t get off the hook. 
Third, vehicle safety. The bill would 
authorize NHTSA to conduct new re-search and implement life-saving standards to make vehicles safer. For example, it would require large com-mercial trucks to have crash avoidance technologies, and it would improve car hoods and bumpers to reduce pedes-trian fatalities and injuries. The legis-lation also would task NHTSA with evaluating whether technology exists to help prevent children from being left in hot cars. These changes just make sense, and they would save lives. 
Lastly, recall effectiveness. The 
major lesson from the Takata, GM, and other defect debacles is that we need to improve the recall process so that un-safe vehicles get fixed as quickly as possible. This bill would do just that by improving NHTSA’s recall authority, asking dealers to adopt commonsense practices, and exploring new ways to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.040 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4958 July 9, 2015 
notify consumers of recalls. First, the 
Motor Vehicle Safety Act of 2015 would give NHTSA the authority to expedite recalls in the case of substantial likeli-hood of death or serious injury. Sec-ond, the legislation would ensure that used car dealers fix cars under recall before selling them. The fact that used car dealers can still sell vehicles under recall without bothering to fix them is appalling—several individuals who died from exploding Takata airbags had purchased used cars that hadn’t been fixed. My legislation would also require authorized dealers to check for open re-calls when a car is brought in for any service—something that should already be very quick and doable for dealers. Third, the bill would create grant pro-grams to allow states to participate in the recall notification process by noti-fying drivers of open recalls when the DMV sends registration renewals. Fi-nally, NHTSA would have promulgate a rule requiring new vehicles have a warning feature—similar to tire pres-sure monitor or oil change light on the dashboard—that would notify con-sumers that their cars are subject to a safety recall. With innovations like backup cameras and connected cars, we’ve seen how technology improves safety. I am very excited about the pos-sibility that technology can also en-sure that a driver knows his or her car is under recall and, as a result, prevent injuries and deaths from safety defects. 
The American public demands that 
we do something meaningful to keep them safe on the road. There will be more recalls in the future—it is inevi-table. And the consequences can be deadly. But they don’t have to be. Im-proving the recall process can and will save lives. I realize our bill may not get us to l00 percent completion of re-calls or perfect motor vehicle safety, but I am confident that it would go a long way towards improving recall ef-fectiveness, adding practical safety technologies to vehicles, and making Americans safer on our nation’s roads and highways. 
I want to thank my colleagues, Sen-
ators B
LUMENTHAL and M ARKEY , for 
helping me on this extremely impor-tant bill and for their dedication to making our roads safer. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1743 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS; 
REFERENCES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Motor Vehicle Safety Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents; ref-
erences. 
Sec. 2. Definition of Secretary. TITLE I—TRANSPARENCY AND 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
Sec. 101. Public availability of early warn-
ing data. 
Sec. 102. Additional early warning reporting 
requirements. 
Sec. 103. Improved National Highway Traffic 
Safety Administration vehicle safety databases. 
Sec. 104. Corporate responsibility for 
NHTSA reports. 
Sec. 105. Reports to Congress. 
TITLE II—ENHANCED SAFETY AUTHOR-
ITY AND CONSUMER PROTECTION 
Sec. 201. Civil penalties. 
Sec. 202. Criminal penalties. Sec. 203. Cooperation with foreign govern-
ments. 
Sec. 204. Imminent hazard authority. Sec. 205. Used passenger motor vehicle con-
sumer protection. 
Sec. 206. Unattended children warning sys-
tem. 
Sec. 207. Collision avoidance technologies. Sec. 208. Motor vehicle pedestrian protec-
tion. 
TITLE III—FUNDING 
Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE IV—RECALL PROCESS 
IMPROVEMENTS 
Sec. 401. Recall obligations under bank-
ruptcy. 
Sec. 402. Dealer requirement to check for 
and remedy recall. 
Sec. 403. Application of remedies for defects 
and noncompliance. 
Sec. 404. Direct vehicle notification of re-
calls. 
Sec. 405. State notification of open safety 
recalls. 
Sec. 406. Recall completion pilot grant pro-
gram. 
Sec. 407. Improvements to notification of de-
fect or noncompliance. 
(c) R
EFERENCES TO TITLE 49, U NITED STATES  
CODE.—Except as otherwise expressly pro-
vided, wherever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amend-ment to, or repeal of, a section or other pro-vision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF SECRETARY. 
In this Act, unless expressly provided oth-
erwise, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Transportation. 
TITLE I—TRANSPARENCY AND 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
SEC. 101. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF EARLY WARN-
ING DATA. 
(a) R EGULATIONS .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall promulgate regulations es-tablishing categories of information pro-vided to the Secretary under section 30166(m) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 102 of this Act, that must be made available to the public. The Secretary may establish categories of information that are exempt from public disclosure under section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the rule-
making under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with the Director of the Office of Government Information Services within the National Archives and Records Adminis-tration and the Director of the Office of In-formation Policy of the Department of Jus-tice. 
(c) P
RESUMPTION AND LIMITATION .—The 
Secretary shall promulgate the regulations with a presumption in favor of maximum public availability of information. In pro-mulgating regulations under subsection (a), the following types of information shall pre-sumptively not be eligible for protection 
under section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code: 
(1) Vehicle safety defect information re-
lated to incidents involving death or injury. 
(2) Aggregated numbers of property dam-
age claims. 
(3) Aggregated numbers of consumer com-
plaints related to potential vehicle defects. 
(d) N
ULLIFICATION OF PRIOR REGULATIONS .— 
Beginning 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the regulations estab-lishing early warning reporting class deter-minations in Appendix C of part 512 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 102. ADDITIONAL EARLY WARNING REPORT-
ING REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 30166(m) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3)(C)— (A) by striking ‘‘The manufacturer’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The manufacturer’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) F
ATAL INCIDENTS .—If an incident de-
scribed in clause (i) involves a fatality, the Secretary shall require the manufacturer to submit, as part of its incident report— 
‘‘(I) all initial claim or notice documents, 
as defined by the Secretary through regula-tion, except media reports, that notified the manufacturer of the incident; 
‘‘(II) any police reports or other docu-
ments, as defined by the Secretary through regulation, that relate to the initial claim or notice (except for documents that are pro-tected by the attorney-client privilege or work product privileges that are not already publicly available), that describe or recon-struct the incident, and that are in the ac-tual possession or control of the manufac-turer at the time the incident report is sub-mitted; 
‘‘(III) any amendments or supplements, as 
defined by the Secretary through regulation, to the initial claim or notice documents de-scribed in subclause (I), except for— 
‘‘(aa) medical documents and bills; ‘‘(bb) property damage invoices or esti-
mates; and 
‘‘(cc) documents related to damages; and ‘‘(IV) any police reports or other docu-
ments described in subclause (II) that are ob-tained by the manufacturer after the submis-sion of its incident report.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by amending subpara-
graph (C) to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The information pro-
vided to the Secretary under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(I) be disclosed publicly; and ‘‘(II) be entered into the early warning re-
porting database in a manner specified by the Secretary through regulation that is searchable by manufacturer name, vehicle or equipment make and model name, model year, and reported system or component. 
‘‘(ii) I
NFORMATION DISCLOSURE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—In administering this subparagraph, 
the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) presume in favor of maximum public 
availability of information; 
‘‘(II) require the publication of information 
on incidents involving death or injury; and 
‘‘(III) require the publication of numbers of 
property damage claims.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) S
ECTION 552 OF TITLE 5 .—Any require-
ment for the Secretary to publicly disclose information under this subsection shall be construed consistently with the require-ments of section 552 of title 5. 
‘‘(7) U
SE OF EARLY WARNING REPORTS .—The 
Secretary shall consider information gath-ered under this subsection in proceedings de-scribed in sections 30118 and 30162.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.043 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4959 July 9, 2015 
SEC. 103. IMPROVED NATIONAL HIGHWAY TRAF-
FIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION VEHI-CLE SAFETY DATABASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and after public consultation, the Secretary shall 
improve public accessibility to information on the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration’s publicly accessible vehicle safety databases— 
(1) by improving organization and 
functionality, including design features such as drop-down menus, and allowing for data from all of the publicly accessible vehicle safety databases to be searched, sorted, ag-gregated, and downloaded in a manner— 
(A) consistent with the public interest; and (B) that facilitates easy use by consumers; (2) by providing greater consistency in 
presentation of vehicle safety issues; 
(3) by improving searchability about spe-
cific vehicles and issues through standardiza-tion of commonly used search terms and the integration of databases to enable all to be simultaneously searched using the same key-word search function; and 
(4) by ensuring that all studies, investiga-
tion reports, inspection reports, incident re-ports, and other categories of materials, as specified through the rulemaking under sec-tion 101(a), be made publicly available in a manner that is searchable in databases by— 
(A) manufacturer name, vehicle or equip-
ment make and model name, and model year; 
(B) reported system or component; (C) number of injuries or fatalities; and (D) any other element that the Secretary 
determines to be in the public interest. 
(b) I
NVESTIGATION INFORMATION .—The Sec-
retary shall— 
(1) provide public notice of information re-
quests to manufacturers issued under section 30166 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(2) make such information requests, the 
manufacturer’s written responses to the in-formation requests, and notice of any en-forcement or other action taken as a result of the information requests— 
(A) available to consumers on the Internet 
not later than 5 days after such notice is issued; and 
(B) searchable by manufacturer name, ve-
hicle or equipment make and model name, model year, system or component, and the type of inspection or investigation being conducted. 
(c) S
ECTION 552 OFTITLE 5.—Any require-
ment for the Secretary to publicly disclose information under this section shall be con-strued consistently with the requirements of section 552 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 104. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY FOR 
NHTSA REPORTS. 
Section 30166(o) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and 
inserting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the Motor Vehicle Safety Act of 2015, the Secretary shall issue a final rule under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 105. REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
(a) A BILITY TO IDENTIFY AND INVESTIGATE  
VEHICLE SAFETY CONCERNS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter for 6 years, the Inspec-tor General of the Department of Transpor-tation shall update the Inspector General’s report dated June 18, 2015 (ST–2015–063) on the pre-investigation processes used by the Office of Defects Investigation of the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion (referred to in this section as ‘‘NHTSA’’) to collect and analyze vehicle safety data and to determine potential safety issues and whether those processes were sufficiently improved, including an assessment of— (A) the sufficiency of NHTSA’s procedures 
and practices for collecting, verifying the ac-curacy and completeness of, analyzing, and determining whether to further investigate potential safety issues described in consumer complaints and manufacturer submittals to the early warning report system; 
(B) the number and type of requests for in-
formation made by NHTSA based on data re-ceived in the early warning reporting system and consumer complaints received; 
(C) the number of safety defect investiga-
tions opened by NHTSA based on informa-tion reported to NHTSA through the early warning reporting system, consumer com-plaints, or other sources; 
(D) the nature and vehicle defect category 
of each safety defect investigation described in subparagraph (C); 
(E) the duration of each safety defect in-
vestigation described in subparagraph (C), including— 
(i) the number of safety defect investiga-
tions described in subparagraph (C) that are subsequently closed without further action; and 
(ii) the number and description of safety 
defect investigations described in subpara-graph (C) that have been open for more than 1 year; 
(F) the percentage of the safety defect in-
vestigations described in subparagraph (C) that result in a finding of a safety defect, re-call, or service information campaign; 
(G) the status and sufficiency of NHTSA’s 
compliance with each recommendation de-signed to improve vehicle safety made by the Inspector General; and 
(H) other information the Inspector Gen-
eral considers appropriate. 
(2) R
EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date that a report under paragraph (1) is complete, the Inspector General shall transmit the report to— 
(i) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(ii) the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce of the House of Representatives. 
(B) P
UBLIC .—The Inspector General shall 
make the report public as soon as prac-ticable, but not later than 30 days after the date the report is transmitted under sub-paragraph (A). 
(b) R
EPORT ON OPERATIONS OF THE COUNCIL  
FOR VEHICLE ELECTRONICS , VEHICLE SOFT-
WARE , ANDEMERGING TECHNOLOGIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prepare a report regarding the operations of the Council for Vehicle Electronics, Vehicle Software, and Emerging Technologies established under section 31401 of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 105 note). The report shall include information about the accom-plishments of the Council, the role of the Council in integrating and aggregating ex-pertise across NHTSA, and the priorities of the Council over the next 5 years. 
(2) S
UBMISSION OF REPORT .—The Secretary 
shall submit the report upon completion to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
TITLE II—ENHANCED SAFETY AUTHORITY 
AND CONSUMER PROTECTION 
SEC. 201. CIVIL PENALTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 30165(a) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘or causes the violation of’’ 
after ‘‘violates’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$25,000’’; and (B) by striking the third sentence; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the 
second sentence; and 
(3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or 
causes the violation of’’ after ‘‘violates’’; 
(B) in the second sentence, by striking 
‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000’’; and 
(C) by striking the third sentence. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed as preventing the imposi-tion of penalties under section 30165 of title 49, United States Code, prior to the issuance of a final rule under section 31203(b) of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Cen-tury Act (49 U.S.C. 30165 note). 
SEC. 202. CRIMINAL PENALTIES. 
(a) R EPORTING STANDARDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Part I of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 101 the following: 
‘‘CHAPTER 101A—REPORTING STANDARDS 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘2081. Definitions. ‘‘2082. Failure to inform and warn. ‘‘2083. Relationship to existing law. 
‘‘§ 2081. Definitions 
‘‘In this chapter— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘appropriate Federal agency’ 
means an agency with jurisdiction over a covered product, covered service, or business practice; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘business entity’ means a cor-
poration, company, association, firm, part-nership, sole proprietor, or other business entity; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘business practice’ means a 
method or practice of— 
‘‘(A) manufacturing, assembling, design-
ing, researching, importing, or distributing a covered product; 
‘‘(B) conducting, providing, or preparing to 
provide a covered service; or 
‘‘(C) otherwise carrying out business oper-
ations relating to covered products or cov-ered services; 
‘‘(4) the term ‘covered product’ means a 
product manufactured, assembled, designed, researched, imported, or distributed by a business entity that enters interstate com-merce; 
‘‘(5) the term ‘covered service’ means a 
service conducted or provided by a business entity that enters interstate commerce; 
‘‘(6) the term ‘responsible corporate offi-
cer’ means a person who— 
‘‘(A) is an employer, director, or officer of 
a business entity; 
‘‘(B) has the responsibility and authority, 
by reason of his or her position in the busi-ness entity and in accordance with the rules or practice of the business entity, to acquire knowledge of any serious danger associated with a covered product (or component of a covered product), covered service, or busi-ness practice of the business entity; and 
‘‘(C) has the responsibility, by reason of his 
or her position in the business entity, to communicate information about the serious danger to— 
‘‘(i) an appropriate Federal agency; ‘‘(ii) employees of the business entity; or ‘‘(iii) individuals, other than employees of 
the business entity, who may be exposed to the serious danger; 
‘‘(7) the term ‘serious bodily injury’ means 
an impairment of the physical condition of an individual, including as a result of trau-ma, repetitive motion, or disease, that— 
‘‘(A) creates a substantial risk of death; or ‘‘(B) causes— ‘‘(i) serious permanent disfigurement; ‘‘(ii) unconsciousness; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.044 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4960 July 9, 2015 
‘‘(iii) extreme pain; or 
‘‘(iv) permanent or protracted loss or im-
pairment of the function of any bodily mem-ber, organ, bodily system, or mental faculty; 
‘‘(8) the term ‘serious danger’ means a dan-
ger, not readily apparent to a reasonable per-son, that the normal or reasonably foresee-able use of, or the exposure of an individual to, a covered product, covered service, or business practice has an imminent risk of causing death or serious bodily injury to an individual; and 
‘‘(9) the term ‘warn affected employees’ 
means take reasonable steps to give, to each individual who is exposed or may be exposed to a serious danger in the course of work for a business entity, a description of the serious danger that is sufficient to make the indi-vidual aware of the serious danger. 
‘‘§ 2082. Failure to inform and warn 
‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—After acquiring actual 
knowledge of a serious danger associated with a covered product (or component of a covered product), covered service, or busi-ness practice of a business entity, a business entity and any responsible corporate officer with respect to the covered product, covered service, or business practice, shall— 
‘‘(1) as soon as practicable and not later 
than 24 hours after acquiring such knowl-edge, verbally inform an appropriate Federal agency of the serious danger, unless the busi-ness entity or responsible corporate officer has actual knowledge that an appropriate Federal agency has been so informed; 
‘‘(2) not later than 15 days after acquiring 
such knowledge, inform an appropriate Fed-eral agency in writing of the serious danger; 
‘‘(3) as soon as practicable, but not later 
than 30 days after acquiring such knowledge, warn affected employees in writing, unless the business entity or responsible corporate officer has actual knowledge that affected employees have been so warned; and 
‘‘(4) as soon as practicable, but not later 
than 30 days after acquiring such knowledge, inform individuals, other than affected em-ployees, who may be exposed to the serious danger of the serious danger if such individ-uals can reasonably be identified. 
‘‘(b) P
ENALTY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Whoever knowingly vio-
lates subsection (a) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION OF PAYMENT BY BUSINESS  
ENTITIES .—If a final judgment is rendered 
and a fine is imposed on an individual under this subsection, the fine may not be paid, di-rectly or indirectly, out of the assets of any business entity on behalf of the individual. 
‘‘(c) C
IVILACTION TOPROTECT AGAINST RE-
TALIATION .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .—It shall be unlawful to 
knowingly discriminate against any person 
in the terms or conditions of employment, in retention in employment, or in hiring be-cause the person informed a Federal agency, warned employees, or informed other indi-viduals of a serious danger associated with a covered product, covered service, or business practice, as required under this section. 
‘‘(2) E
NFORCEMENT ACTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A person who alleges 
discharge or other discrimination by any person in violation of paragraph (1) may seek relief under paragraph (3), by— 
‘‘(i) filing a complaint with the Secretary 
of Labor; or 
‘‘(ii) if the Secretary has not issued a final 
decision within 180 days of the filing of the complaint and there is no showing that such delay is due to the bad faith of the claimant, bringing an action at law or equity for de novo review in the appropriate district court of the United States, which shall have juris-diction over such an action without regard to the amount in controversy. ‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—An action under subpara-
graph (A)(i) shall be governed under the rules and procedures set forth in section 42121(b) of title 49. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—Notification made under 
section 42121(b)(1) of title 49 shall be made to the person named in the complaint and to the employer. 
‘‘(iii) B
URDENS OF PROOF .—An action 
brought under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be governed by the legal burdens of proof set forth in section 42121(b) of title 49. 
‘‘(iv) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—An action 
under subparagraph (A) shall be commenced not later than 180 days after the date on which the violation occurs, or after the date on which the employee became aware of the violation. 
‘‘(v) J
URY TRIAL .—A party to an action 
brought under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be entitled to trial by jury. 
‘‘(3) R
EMEDIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An employee prevailing 
in any action under paragraph (2)(A) shall be entitled to all relief necessary to make the employee whole. 
‘‘(B) C
OMPENSATORY DAMAGES .—Relief for 
any action under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) reinstatement with the same seniority 
status that the employee would have had, but for the discrimination; 
‘‘(ii) the amount of back pay, with inter-
est; and 
‘‘(iii) compensation for any special dam-
ages sustained as a result of the discrimina-tion, including litigation costs, expert wit-ness fees, and reasonable attorney fees. 
‘‘(4) R
IGHTS RETAINED BY EMPLOYEE .—Noth-
ing in this subsection shall be deemed to di-minish the rights, privileges, or remedies of any employee under any Federal or State law, or under any collective bargaining agreement. 
‘‘(5) N
ONENFORCEABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI -
SIONS WAIVING RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OR RE -
QUIRING ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES .— 
‘‘(A) W AIVER OF RIGHTS AND REMEDIES .— 
The rights and remedies provided for in this subsection may not be waived by any agree-ment, policy form, or condition of employ-ment, including by a predispute arbitration agreement. 
‘‘(B) P
REDISPUTE ARBITRATION AGREE -
MENTS .—No predispute arbitration agree-
ment shall be valid or enforceable, if the agreement requires arbitration of a dispute arising under this subsection. 
‘‘§ 2083. Relationship to existing law 
‘‘(a) R
IGHTS TOINTERVENE .—Nothing in 
this chapter shall be construed to limit the right of any individual or group of individ-uals to initiate, intervene in, or otherwise participate in any proceeding before a regu-latory agency or court, nor to relieve any regulatory agency, court, or other public body of any obligation, or affect its discre-tion to permit intervention or participation by an individual or a group or class of con-sumers, employees, or citizens in any pro-ceeding or activity. 
‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this chapter shall be construed to— 
‘‘(1) increase the time period for informing 
of a serious danger or other harm under any other provision of law; or 
‘‘(2) limit or otherwise reduce the penalties 
for any violation of Federal or State law under any other provision of law.’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for part I of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 101 the following: 
‘‘101A. Reporting standards .............. 2081’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by paragraphs (1) and (2) shall take ef-fect on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON RENDERING SAFETY ELE-
MENTS INOPERATIVE .—Section 30122 is amend-
ed by amending subsection (b) to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), a person may not knowingly make inoperative any part of a device or ele-ment of design installed on or in a motor ve-hicle or motor vehicle equipment in compli-ance with an applicable motor vehicle safety standard prescribed under this chapter un-less the person reasonably believes the vehi-cle or equipment will not be used (except for testing or a similar purpose during mainte-nance or repair) when the device or element is inoperative. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition under 
paragraph (1) does not apply to a modifica-tion made by an individual to a motor vehi-cle or item of equipment owned or leased by that individual.’’. 
(c) C
RIMINAL LIABILITY .—Section 30170 is 
amended by adding at the end the following; 
‘‘(c) C RIMINAL LIABILITY FOR TAMPERING  
WITHMOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY ELEMENTS .— 
Whoever knowing that he will endanger the safety of any person on board a motor vehi-cle or anyone who he believes will board the same, or with a reckless disregard for the safety of human life, violates section 30122(b) under this title shall be subject to criminal penalties under section 33(a) of title 18.’’. 
SEC. 203. COOPERATION WITH FOREIGN GOVERN-
MENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 49 A MENDMENT .—Section 30182(b) 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) enter into cooperative agreements (in 
coordination with the Department of State) and collaborative research and development agreements with foreign governments.’’. 
(b) T
ITLE 23 A MENDMENT .—Section 403 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(C), by inserting 
‘‘foreign government (in coordination with the Department of State),’’ after ‘‘institu-tion,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by inserting 
‘‘foreign governments,’’ after ‘‘local govern-ments,’’. 
SEC. 204. IMMINENT HAZARD AUTHORITY. 
Section 30118(b) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(1) The 
Secretary may’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) I
N GEN -
ERAL .—Except as provided under paragraph 
(3), the Secretary may’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘O R-
DERS .—’’ before ‘‘If the Secretary’’; and 
(3) by adding after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) I MMINENT HAZARDS .— 
‘‘(A) D ECISIONS AND ORDERS .—If the Sec-
retary makes an initial decision that a de-fect or noncompliance, or combination of both, under subsection (a) presents an immi-nent hazard, the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) shall notify the manufacturer of a 
motor vehicle or replacement equipment im-mediately under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(ii) shall order the manufacturer of the 
motor vehicle or replacement equipment to immediately— 
‘‘(I) give notification under section 30119 of 
this title to the owners, purchasers, and dealers of the vehicle or equipment of the imminent hazard; and 
‘‘(II) remedy the defect or noncompliance 
under section 30120 of this title; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.044 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4961 July 9, 2015 
‘‘(iii) notwithstanding section 30119 or 
30120, may order the time for notification, means of providing notification, earliest remedy date, and time the owner or pur-chaser has to present the motor vehicle or equipment, including a tire, for remedy; and 
‘‘(iv) may include in an order under this 
subparagraph any other terms or conditions that the Secretary determines necessary to abate the imminent hazard. 
‘‘(B) O
PPORTUNITY FOR ADMINISTRATIVE RE -
VIEW.—Subsequent to the issuance of an 
order under subparagraph (A), opportunity for administrative review shall be provided in accordance with section 554 of title 5, ex-cept that such review shall occur not later than 10 days after issuance of such order. 
‘‘(C) D
EFINITION OF IMMINENT HAZARD .—In 
this paragraph, the term ‘imminent hazard’ means any condition which substantially in-creases the likelihood of serious injury or death if not remedied immediately.’’. 
SEC. 205. USED PASSENGER MOTOR VEHICLE 
CONSUMER PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 30120 is amended 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) L IMITATION ON SALE OR LEASE OF USED 
PASSENGER MOTOR VEHICLES .—(1) A dealer 
may not sell or lease a used passenger motor vehicle until any defect or noncompliance determined under section 30118 with respect to the vehicle has been remedied. 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply if— ‘‘(A) the recall information regarding a 
used passenger motor vehicle was not acces-sible at the time of sale or lease using the means established by the Secretary under section 31301 of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 30166 note); or 
‘‘(B) notification of the defect or non-
compliance is required under section 30118(b), but enforcement of the order is set aside in a civil action to which 30121(d) ap-plies. 
‘‘(3) Notwithstanding section 30102(a)(1), in 
this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘dealer’ means a person that 
has sold at least 10 motor vehicles to 1 or more consumers during the most recent 12- month period; and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘used passenger motor vehi-
cle’ means a motor vehicle that has pre-viously been purchased other than for resale. 
‘‘(4) By rule, the Secretary may exempt the 
auctioning of a used passenger motor vehicle from the requirements under paragraph (1) to the extent that the exemption does not harm public safety.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) of this section shall take effect on the date that is 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 206. UNATTENDED CHILDREN WARNING SYS-
TEM. 
(a) S AFETY RESEARCH INITIATIVE .—Not 
later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall com-plete research into the development of per-formance requirements to warn a driver that a child or other unattended passenger re-mains in a rear seating position after a vehi-cle motor is disengaged. 
(b) S
PECIFICATIONS .—In completing the re-
search under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider performance requirements that— 
(1) sense weight, the presence of a buckled 
seat belt, or other indications of the pres-ence of a child or other passenger; and 
(2) provide an alert to prevent 
hyperthermia and hypothermia that can re-sult in death or severe injuries. 
(c) R
ULEMAKING OR REPORT .— 
(1) R ULEMAKING .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date that the research under sub-section (a) is complete, the Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking proceeding to issue a 
Federal motor vehicle safety standard if the Secretary determines that such a standard meets the requirements and considerations set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of section 30111 of title 49, United States Code. The Sec-retary shall complete the rulemaking and issue a final rule not later than 2 years after the date the rulemaking is initiated. 
(2) R
EPORT .—If the Secretary determines 
that the standard described in subsection (a) does not meet the requirements and consid-erations set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of section 30111 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary shall submit a report de-scribing the reasons for not prescribing such a standard to— 
(A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 207. COLLISION AVOIDANCE TECH-
NOLOGIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking to es-tablish a Federal motor vehicle safety stand-ard requiring a motor vehicle with a gross vehicle weight rating greater than 26,000 pounds be equipped with crash avoidance and mitigation systems, such as forward colli-sion automatic braking systems and lane de-parture warning systems. 
(b) P
ERFORMANCE AND STANDARDS .—The 
regulations prescribed under subsection (a) shall establish performance requirements and standards to prevent collisions with moving vehicles, stopped vehicles, pedes-trians, cyclists, and other road users. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The regulations pre-
scribed by the Secretary under this section shall take effect 2 years after the date of publication of the final rule. 
SEC. 208. MOTOR VEHICLE PEDESTRIAN PROTEC-
TION. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary, 
through the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, shall issue a final rule that— 
(1) establishes standards for the hood and 
bumper areas of motor vehicles, including passenger cars, multipurpose passenger vehi-cles, trucks, and buses with a gross vehicle weight rating of 4,536 kilograms (10,000 pounds) or less, in order to reduce the num-ber of injuries and fatalities suffered by pe-destrians who are struck by such vehicles; and 
(2) considers the protection of vulnerable 
pedestrian populations, including children and older adults. 
TITLE III—FUNDING 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 30104 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$98,313,500’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘this part in each fiscal 
year beginning in fiscal year 1999 and ending in fiscal year 2001.’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘this chapter and to carry out the Motor Vehicle Safety Act of 2015— 
‘‘(1) $179,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $187,055,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $195,659,530 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(4) $204,268,549 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(5) $214,073,440 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(6) $223,920,818 for fiscal year 2021.’’. 
TITLE IV—RECALL PROCESS 
IMPROVEMENTS 
SEC. 401. RECALL OBLIGATIONS UNDER BANK-
RUPTCY. 
Section 30120A is amended to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘§ 30120A. Recall obligations and bankruptcy 
of a manufacturer 
‘‘Notwithstanding any provision of title 11, 
United States Code, a manufacturer’s duty to comply with section 30112, sections 30115 
through 30121, and section 30166 of this title shall be enforceable against a manufacturer or a manufacturer’s successors-in-interest whether accomplished by merger or by ac-quisition of the manufacturer’s stock, the acquisition of all or substantially all of the manufacturer’s assets or a discrete product line, or confirmation of any plan of reorga-nization under section 1129 of title 11.’’. 
SEC. 402. DEALER REQUIREMENT TO CHECK FOR 
AND REMEDY RECALL. 
Section 30120(f) is amended to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(f) D EALERS .— 
‘‘(1) F AIR REIMBURSEMENT TO DEALERS .—A 
manufacturer shall pay fair reimbursement to a dealer providing a remedy without charge under this section. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each time a defective 
or noncomplying motor vehicle is presented to a dealer by the owner of that motor vehi-cle for any service on that motor vehicle, the dealer shall— 
‘‘(A) inform the owner of the defect or non-
compliance; and 
‘‘(B) with consent from the owner, remedy 
the defect or noncompliance without charge under this section.’’. 
SEC. 403. APPLICATION OF REMEDIES FOR DE-
FECTS AND NONCOMPLIANCE. 
Section 30120(g)(1) is amended by striking 
‘‘the motor vehicle or replacement equip-ment was bought by the first purchaser more than 10 calendar years, or’’. 
SEC. 404. DIRECT VEHICLE NOTIFICATION OF RE-
CALLS. 
(a) R ULEMAKING .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking for a regulation to require a warning system in each new motor vehicle to indicate to the op-erator in a conspicuous manner when the ve-hicle is subject to an open recall. 
(b) F
INAL RULE.—The Secretary shall pre-
scribe final standards not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 405. STATE NOTIFICATION OF OPEN SAFETY 
RECALLS. 
(a) G RANT PROGRAM .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a grant program for States to notify registered motor vehicle owners of safety recalls issued by the manufacturers of those motor vehi-cles. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant, 
a State shall— 
(1) submit an application in such form and 
manner as the Secretary prescribes; 
(2) agree that when a motor vehicle owner 
registers the motor vehicle for use in that State, the State will— 
(A) search the recall database maintained 
by the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration using the motor vehicle identi-fication number; 
(B) determine all safety recalls issued by 
the manufacturer of that motor vehicle that have not been completed; and 
(C) notify the motor vehicle owner of the 
safety recalls described in subparagraph (B); and 
(3) provide such other information or noti-
fication as the Secretary may require. 
SEC. 406. RECALL COMPLETION PILOT GRANT 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a pilot program to evaluate the feasi-bility and effectiveness of a State process for increasing the recall completion rate for motor vehicles by requiring each owner or lessee of a motor vehicle to have repaired any open recall on that motor vehicle. 
(b) G
RANTS .—To carry out this program, 
the Secretary shall make a grant to a State to be used to implement the pilot program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.044 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4962 July 9, 2015 
described in subsection (a) in accordance 
with the requirements under subsection (c). 
(c) E LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant 
under this section, a State shall— 
(1) submit an application in such form and 
manner as the Secretary prescribes; 
(2) meet the requirements and provide no-
tification of safety recalls to registered motor vehicle owners under the grant pro-gram described in section 405 of this Act; 
(3) except as provided in subsection (d), 
agree to require, as a condition of motor ve-hicle registration, including renewal, that the motor vehicle owner or lessee complete all remedies for defects and noncompliance offered without charge by the manufacturer or a dealer under section 30120 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(4) provide such other information or noti-
fication as the Secretary may require. 
(d) E
XCEPTION .—A State may exempt a 
motor vehicle owner or lessee from the re-quirement under subsection (c)(3) if— 
(1) the recall occurred not earlier than 75 
days prior to the registration or renewal date; 
(2) the manufacturer, through a local deal-
ership, has not provided the motor vehicle owner or lessee with a reasonable oppor-tunity to complete any applicable safety re-call remedy due to a shortage of necessary parts or qualified labor; or 
(3) the motor vehicle owner or lessee states 
that the owner or lessee has had no reason-able opportunity to complete all applicable safety recall remedies, in which case the State may grant a temporary registration, of not more than 90 days, during which time the motor vehicle owner or lessee shall com-plete all applicable safety recall remedies for which the necessary parts and qualified labor are available. 
(e) A
WARD .—In selecting an applicant for 
award under this section, the Secretary shall consider the State’s methodology for— 
(1) determining safety recalls on a motor 
vehicle; 
(2) informing the owner or lessee of a 
motor vehicle of the safety recalls; 
(3) requiring the owner or lessee of a motor 
vehicle to repair any safety recall prior to issuing any registration, approval, docu-ment, or certificate related to a motor vehi-cle registration renewal; and 
(4) determining performance in increasing 
the safety recall completion rate. 
(f) P
ERFORMANCE PERIOD .—A grant awarded 
under this section shall require a perform-ance period for at least 2 years. 
(g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the completion of the performance period under subsection (f) and the obligations under the pilot program, the grantee shall provide to the Secretary a report of perform-ance containing such information as the Sec-retary considers necessary to evaluate the extent to which safety recalls have been remedied. 
(h) E
VALUATION .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date the Secretary receives the re-port under subsection (g), the Secretary shall evaluate the extent to which safety re-calls identified under subsection (c) have been remedied. 
SEC. 407. IMPROVEMENTS TO NOTIFICATION OF 
DEFECT OR NONCOMPLIANCE. 
(a) I MPROVEMENTS TO NOTIFICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prescribe a final rule revis-ing the regulations under section 577.7 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, to in-clude notification by electronic means in ad-dition to notification by first class mail. 
(2) D
EFINITION OF ELECTRONIC MEANS .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘‘electronic means’’ includes electronic mail and may include such other means of electronic notification, such as social media or targeted online cam-
paigns, as determined by the Secretary. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION BY ELECTRONIC MAIL.— 
Section 30118(c) is amended by inserting ‘‘or electronic mail’’ after ‘‘certified mail’’. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 219—DESIG-
NATING JULY 25, 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL DAY OF THE AMERICAN COWBOY’’ 
Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. B
ARRASSO , 
Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R ISCH, Ms. H EITKAMP , 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. R OUNDS , 
Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. 
HOEVEN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 219 
Whereas pioneering men and women, rec-
ognized as ‘‘cowboys’’, helped to establish the American West; 
Whereas the cowboy embodies honesty, in-
tegrity, courage, compassion, respect, a strong work ethic, and patriotism; 
Whereas the cowboy spirit exemplifies 
strength of character, sound family values, and good common sense; 
Whereas the cowboy archetype transcends 
ethnicity, gender, geographic boundaries, and political affiliations; 
Whereas the cowboy, who lives off the land 
and works to protect and enhance the envi-ronment, is an excellent steward of the land and its creatures; 
Whereas cowboy traditions have been a 
part of American culture for generations; 
Whereas the cowboy continues to be an im-
portant part of the economy through the work of many thousands of ranchers across the United States who contribute to the eco-nomic well-being of every State; 
Whereas millions of fans watch profes-
sional and working ranch rodeo events annu-ally, making rodeo one of the most-watched sports in the United States; 
Whereas membership and participation in 
rodeo and other organizations that promote and encompass the livelihood of cowboys span every generation and transcend race and gender; 
Whereas the cowboy is a central figure in 
literature, film, and music and occupies a central place in the public imagination; 
Whereas the cowboy is an American icon; 
and 
Whereas the ongoing contributions made 
by cowboys and cowgirls to their commu-nities should be recognized and encouraged: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates July 25, 2015, as ‘‘National 
Day of the American Cowboy’’; and 
(2) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe the day with appropriate ceremonies and activities. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 220—COM-
MEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE MEDORA MU-SICAL 
Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. 
H
OEVEN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 220 
Whereas the Medora Musical, a nationally 
renowned musical production of Western American patriotism, held its first produc-tion on July 1, 1965, alongside what is now 
the Theodore Roosevelt National Park; 
Whereas more than 3,500,000 guests have 
experienced the incredible tribute in the Medora Musical to Theodore Roosevelt and his life in the North Dakota Badlands; 
Whereas the Burning Hills Amphitheater, 
which is home to the Medora Musical and overlooks the Little Missouri River Valley, seats as many as 2,900 guests each night and features the Burning Hills Singers, the Coal Diggers Band, and various comedy and vari-ety acts; 
Whereas thousands of performers audition 
to join the professional team of the Medora Musical and work alongside 300 annual em-ployees representing 20 or more countries and more than 500 volunteers to create one of the finest attractions in North Dakota; 
Whereas each summer, the Medora Musical 
runs an impressive season with a 2 hour show every night for 94 consecutive days; 
Whereas the Theodore Roosevelt Medora 
Foundation, established in 1986 by philan-thropist and entrepreneur Harold Schafer, has played a profound role in promoting North Dakota tourism and bringing families of all generations together; 
Whereas the city of Medora, North Dakota, 
home to the Medora Musical and gateway to the Theodore Roosevelt National Park, hosts more than 250,000 visitors each year, and more than 600,000 tourists from around the world visit the park each year; 
Whereas the Theodore Roosevelt Medora 
Foundation, which has invested more than $30,000,000 in Medora, North Dakota, raised more than $36,000,000 in donations from more than 3,700 contributors to preserve the his-tory of Medora, North Dakota, and the val-ues of President Theodore Roosevelt; 
Whereas President Theodore Roosevelt, 
following his time in the Badlands near Medora, North Dakota, likened the wondrous appeal of the Badlands to a one-of-a-kind beauty found nowhere else in the world; 
Whereas President Theodore Roosevelt 
often said he would not have been President had it not been for his experiences in North Dakota, and many of those experiences are preserved today through the Medora Musi-cal, Theodore Roosevelt National Park, and the Theodore Roosevelt Medora Foundation; and 
Whereas, on July 1, 2015, the Medora Musi-
cal celebrates its 50th anniversary: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) congratulates the Medora Musical on 
its 50th anniversary; 
(2) recognizes the remarkable talents and 
achievements of the many cast and crew members and volunteers of the Medora Musi-cal who embody the true spirit of the patri-otism and stewardship of the United States; and 
(3) acknowledges the contributions of the 
Theodore Roosevelt Medora Foundation to preserving the life and legacy of President Theodore Roosevelt. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 221—RECOG-
NIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN NATIONAL PARK 
Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, and Ms. C ANTWELL ) submitted the 
following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 221 
Whereas in 1909, reflecting on the beauty of 
what would become Rocky Mountain Na-tional Park, park promoter, Enos Mills wrote, ‘‘In years to come when I am asleep 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.044 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4963 July 9, 2015 
beneath the pines, thousands of families will 
find rest and hope in this park’’; 
Whereas on January 26, 1915, President 
Woodrow Wilson signed into law the Act commonly known as the ‘‘Rocky Mountain National Park Act’’ (38 Stat. 798, chapter 19), which gave that land the special designation of a national park and preserved the land for the enjoyment of all people of the United States; 
Whereas 2015 marks the 100th anniversary 
of the establishment of Rocky Mountain Na-tional Park; 
Whereas Rocky Mountain National Park is 
not only a State treasure, but a national treasure that attracts more than 3,000,000 visitors each year, and benefits national, State, and local economies by generating millions of dollars in revenue; 
Whereas Rocky Mountain National Park 
provides visitors with unparalleled opportu-nities to experience hundreds of miles of hik-ing trails, nearly 150 lakes, and scenic vistas including tundra and montane ecosystems; 
Whereas on March 30, 2009, 95 percent of 
Rocky Mountain National Park was des-ignated as wilderness and the park show-cases the diverse natural beauty of these rugged mountains; 
Whereas Rocky Mountain National Park 
has an average altitude higher than any other national park in the United States, with dozens of mountains higher than 12,000 feet in elevation, including Longs Peak, which stands at a massive 14,259 feet; 
Whereas Rocky Mountain National Park 
remains an iconic Colorado landscape with significant cultural connections to Native Americans; 
Whereas Rocky Mountain National Park 
protects 415 square miles of diverse eco-systems and is home to a wide array of wild-life, including bighorn sheep, bears, beavers, marmots, moose, mountain lions, and elk; 
Whereas the National Park Service will 
continue the long tradition of preserving and protecting Rocky Mountain National Park for years to come, providing access to the wilderness and wildlife within Rocky Moun-tain National Park for generations of Ameri-cans; and 
Whereas on September 4, 2015, the National 
Park Service intends to re-dedicate Rocky Mountain National Park for the next 100 years; 
Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate- 
(1) congratulates and celebrates Rocky 
Mountain National Park on the 100th anni-versary of the establishment of the park; 
(2) encourages all people of Colorado and of 
the United States to visit that unique na-tional treasure; and 
(3) declares September 4, 2015, as Rocky 
Mountain National Park Day. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2178. Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. 
BLUNT , and Mr. R EED) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2179. Mr. CRAPO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2180. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. L EE, 
and Mr. C RAPO ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2181. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2182. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2183. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2184. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2185. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2186. Mr. MURPHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2187. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and 
Mr. C
ASSIDY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2188. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2189. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2190. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2191. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. 
BENNET ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2192. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. 
WYDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2193. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ARKEY , and 
Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2194. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Ms. 
AYOTTE ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2195. Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. 
CARDIN , Ms. M IKULSKI , and Ms. C OLLINS ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be pro-
posed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2196. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2197. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2198. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for him-
self and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2199. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2200. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2201. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2202. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2203. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2204. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2205. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2206. Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2207. Ms. MIKULSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2208. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2209. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2210. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2211. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.047 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4964 July 9, 2015 
amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2212. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. 
B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2213. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2214. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mrs. F ISCH-
ER(for herself and Mr . N ELSON )) proposed an 
amendment to the bill S. 1359, to allow man-ufacturers to meet warranty and labeling re-quirements for consumer products by dis-playing the terms of warranties on Internet websites, and for other purposes. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2178. Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. 
BLUNT , and Mr. R EED) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 170, strike lines 20 through 25, and 
insert the following: 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency shall reserve at least 1 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 to assist schools to carry out the activities described in this section, except that this subparagraph shall not apply if 1 percent of such agency’s allo-cation under subpart 2 for the fiscal year for which the determination is made is $5,000 or less. Nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed to limit local educational agencies from reserving more than the 1 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 to assist schools to carry out activities described in this sec-tion.’’; 
SA 2179. Mr. CRAPO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
PART C—LOCAL LEADERSHIP IN 
EDUCATION 
SEC. 10301. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Local Lead-
ership in Education Act’’. 
SEC. 10302. PROHIBITIONS IN THE ELEMENTARY 
AND SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT. 
(a) G ENERAL PROHIBITIONS .—Section 9527 of 
the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7907), as amended by section 9110, is further amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) G
ENERAL PROHIBITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An officer or employee of 
the Federal Government shall not directly or indirectly, through grants, contracts, or other cooperative agreements under this Act (including waivers under section 9401)— 
‘‘(A) mandate, direct, or control a State, 
local educational agency, or school’s aca-demic standards, curriculum, program of in-struction, or allocation of State or local re-
sources; 
‘‘(B) mandate a State or any subdivision 
thereof to spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under this Act; 
‘‘(C) incentivize a State, local educational 
agency, or school to adopt any specific aca-demic standards or a specific curriculum or program of instruction, which shall include 
providing any priority, preference, or special consideration during an application process based on any specific academic standards, curriculum, or program of instruction; 
‘‘(D) make financial support available in a 
manner that is conditioned upon a State, local educational agency, or school’s adop-tion of specific instructional content, aca-demic standards, or curriculum, or on the administration of assessments or tests, even if such requirements are specified in this Act; or 
‘‘(E) mandate or require States to admin-
ister assessments or tests to students. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act shall be construed to authorize an officer or employee of the Federal Govern-ment directly or indirectly, whether through grants, contracts, or other cooperative agreements under this Act (including waiv-ers under section 9401), to do any activity prohibited under subsection (a).’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (a); and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION ON ASSESSMENTS IN TITLE 
I.—Part A of title I shall be carried out with-out regard to any requirement that a State carry out academic assessments or that local educational agencies, elementary schools, and secondary schools make adequate yearly progress.’’. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON WAIVER CONDITIONS , RE-
QUIREMENTS , ORPREFERENCES .—Section 9401 
(20 U.S.C. 7861), as amended by section 9105, is further amended by striking subsection (h) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(h) P
ROHIBITION ON WAIVER CONDITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall not 
establish as a condition for granting a waiv-er under this section— 
‘‘(A) the approval of academic standards by 
the Federal government; or 
‘‘(B) the administration of assessments or 
tests to students. 
‘‘(2) E
FFECT ON PREVIOUSLY ISSUED WAIV -
ERS.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any requirement de-
scribed in paragraph (1) that was required for a waiver provided to a State, local edu-cational agency, Indian tribe, or school under this section before the date of enact-ment of the Local Leadership in Education Act shall be void and have no force of law. 
‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITED ACTIONS .—The Secretary 
shall not— 
‘‘(i) enforce any requirement that is void 
pursuant to subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(ii) require the State, local educational 
agency, Indian tribe, or school to reapply for a waiver, or to agree to any other condition to replace any requirement that is void pur-suant to subparagraph (A), until the end of the period of time specified under the waiv-er. 
‘‘(C) N
O EFFECT ON OTHER PROVISIONS .—Any 
other provisions or requirements of a waiver provided under this section before the date of enactment of the Local Leadership in Edu-cation Act that are not affected by subpara-graph (A) shall remain in effect for the pe-riod of time specified under the waiver.’’. 
SEC. 10303. PROHIBITION IN THE GENERAL EDU-
CATION PROVISIONS ACT. 
Section 438 of the General Education Pro-
visions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232a) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘No provision of any appli-
cable program shall be construed to author-ize any department, agency, officer, or em-ployee of the United States to’’ and inserting 
‘‘A department, agency, officer, or employee of the United States shall not’’; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(including the develop-
ment of curriculum)’’ after ‘‘over the cur-riculum’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘to’’ after ‘‘institution or 
school system, or’’. 
SEC. 10304. PROHIBITION IN RACE TO THE TOP 
FUNDING. 
Title XIV of Division A of the American 
Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Pub-lic Law 111–5) is amended by inserting after section 14007 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 14007A. PROHIBITION ON ASSESSMENTS. 
‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, no funds provided under section 14006 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5, 123 Stat. 283) shall be used to develop, pilot test, field test, implement, administer, or distribute any as-sessment or testing materials.’’. 
SA 2180. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. 
LEE, and Mr. C RAPO ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 28, between lines 6 and 7, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(vi) include in the plan a description of 
assessments referred to in paragraph (2), or an accountability system referred to in para-graph (3), of subsection (b), nor may the Sec-retary require inclusion of a description of such assessments or system in a plan or ap-plication, or use inclusion of such assess-ments or system as a factor in awarding Fed-eral funding, under any other provision of this Act; or 
On page 28, line 7, strike ‘‘(vi)’’ and insert 
‘‘(vii)’’. 
On page 36, strike line 18 and all that fol-
lows through line 25 on page 58, and insert the following: 
‘‘(2) A
SSESSMENTS .—A State may include in 
the State plan a description of, and may im-plement, a set of high-quality statewide aca-demic assessments. 
‘‘(3) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—A State may include 
in the State plan a description of, and may implement, an accountability system. 
On page 146, strike line 1 and all that fol-
lows through line 23, on page 166. 
On page 183, between lines 6 and 7, insert 
the following 
SEC. 1008A. STATE-DETERMINED ASSESSMENTS 
AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
After section 1118, as redesignated by sec-
tion 1004(3), insert the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1119. STATE-DETERMINED ASSESSMENTS 
AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, including any other provision of this Act, wherever in this Act a reference is made to assessments or accountability under this part, including a reference to a provision under paragraphs (2) or (3) of section 1111(b)— 
‘‘(1) in the case of a State that elects to 
implement assessments referred to in section 1111(b)(2), a reference to assessments under this part shall be deemed to be a reference to those assessments and shall be carried out to the extent practicable based on the State-de-termined assessments; 
‘‘(2) in the case of a State that elects to 
implement an accountability system re-ferred to in section 1111(b)(3), a reference to accountability under this part shall be deemed to be a reference to accountability 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.049 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4965 July 9, 2015 
under that system, and shall be carried out 
to the extent practicable based on the State- determined accountability system; and 
‘‘(3) in the case of any State not described 
in paragraph (1) or (2), the reference shall have no effect.’’. 
On page 185, strike line 19 and all that fol-
lows through line 2 on page 228 and insert the following: 
SEC. 1012. REPEAL. 
Part B of title I (20 U.S.C. 6361 et seq.) is 
repealed. 
SA 2181. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 70, line 3, strike the period and in-
sert the following: ‘‘; and 
‘‘(iii) use funds under this part to support 
efforts to expand and replicate successful practices from high-performing charter schools, magnet schools, and traditional pub-lic schools. 
SA 2182. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 469, line 22, strike ‘‘as well as’’ and 
insert ‘‘or encourage and develop skills that contribute to’’. 
SA 2183. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 40, between lines 14 and 15, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(IV) the inclusion of students in programs 
that use a Native American language, in-cluding American Indian, Native Hawaiian, and Alaska Native languages, as the pre-dominant medium language of instruction, including programs funded by the Bureau of Indian Education, who shall have the option to be assessed in a valid and reliable manner in the language of instruction and form most likely to yield accurate data on what such students know and can do in academic con-tent areas, provided that these students are assessed in English in reading or language arts, even where such assessment is also ad-ministered in a Native American language; 
SA 2184. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 228, between lines 2 and 3, insert 
the following: ‘‘SEC. 1206. DEMONSTRATION OF NATIVE AMER-
ICAN LANGUAGE MEDIUM EDU-CATION. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to demonstrate coordinated best practice in carrying out the educational purposes and provisions of the Native American Lan-guages Act (25 U.S.C. 2901) in a variety of ex-isting schools taught predominantly through the medium of Native American languages located on or near lands controlled by a Na-tive American entity. 
‘‘(b) A
WARDING OF PROJECT .—The Secretary 
shall award a grant to carry out a dem-onstration project under this section to an entity that meets the criteria described in subsection (c) and has the most experience in Native American language medium edu-cation. 
‘‘(c) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECT .—The dem-
onstration project shall— 
‘‘(1) include established schools or pro-
grams that have been in existence for not less than 10 years; 
‘‘(2) serve Alaska Natives, Native Hawai-
ians, and American Indians, with at least 1 example school or program from each of these Native categories assisted under this section; 
‘‘(3) include example classes in preschool, 
elementary school, intermediate school, and high school; 
‘‘(4) include a diversity of program types 
located in a variety of school types, includ-ing at least 1 example in each of a Bureau of Indian Affairs school, a public school, a char-ter school, and a private school; 
‘‘(5) be for a period of 3 years with an ex-
tension for an additional 2 years at the dis-cretion of the Secretary; 
‘‘(6) be visited in whole or in part by the 
Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior or their designees; 
‘‘(7) be lead and coordinated by an entity 
within a tribal, State, or private institution of higher education with a high level of expe-rience in serving the needs of Native Amer-ican language medium education at a vari-ety of levels and circumstances on a State and national level; and 
‘‘(8) provide opportunities for participation 
of other tribal, State, and private institu-tions of higher education. 
‘‘(d) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may further 
the purpose of this section by waiving provi-sions of this Act that the Secretary deter-mines appropriate and not in conflict with other Federal law. 
‘‘(e) F
UNDING .—The Secretary may fund 
the demonstration project under this section with unspent funds from other provisions of this Act. 
SA 2185. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 630, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
‘‘PART J—INNOVATION SCHOOLS 
DEMONSTRATION AUTHORITY 
‘‘SEC. 5910. INNOVATION SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of the flexi-
bility authority under this part is to provide local educational agencies with the flexi-bility to create locally-designed innovation schools in order to achieve increased auton-omy and support for innovation schools. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means a local educational agency that receives a local flexibility agreement 
under this part. 
‘‘(2) E LIGIBLE STATE EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘eligible State educational 
agency’ means a State educational agency that has adopted policies or procedures that allow the development, consideration, and approval of innovation school plans, con-sistent with the provisions of this part. 
‘‘(3) I
NNOVATION SCHOOL .—The term ‘inno-
vation school’ means a public school that— 
‘‘(A) is established for the purpose of gen-
erating enhanced opportunities for students to learn and achieve through increased edu-cator and school-level professional auton-omy and flexibility; 
‘‘(B) is a collaborative initiative enjoying 
strong buy-in, pursuant to subparagraphs (F) and (G) of subsection (f)(1), from key stake-holders, including parents, education em-ployees, and representatives of such employ-ees, where applicable; 
‘‘(C) ensures equitable access for all stu-
dent populations; 
‘‘(D) operates with the same degree of 
transparency and is held to the same ac-countability standards applicable to other schools in the school district served by the local educational agency that serves the in-novation school; and 
‘‘(E) is not a magnet school. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the Secretary is authorized to allow eligible State educational agencies to receive flexibility authority to provide local educational agencies with flexibility agree-ments if such eligible State educational agencies— 
‘‘(A) demonstrate that flexibility agree-
ments are necessary for the successful oper-ation of innovation schools; and 
‘‘(B) provide a description of any State or 
local rules, generally applicable to public schools, that will be waived, or otherwise not apply, to innovation schools. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Flexibility authority and 
flexibility agreements shall not be granted under paragraph (1) with respect to any pro-vision under part B of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, or section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. 
‘‘(d) S
ELECTION OF LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—Each eligible State educational 
agency receiving flexibility authority under subsection (c) shall, to the extent prac-ticable and applicable, ensure that local flexibility agreements made with eligible en-tities— 
‘‘(1) prioritize local educational agencies 
that— 
‘‘(A) serve the largest numbers or percent-
ages of students from low-income families; or 
‘‘(B) will use the provided flexibility for in-
novative strategies in schools identified as in need of intervention and support under section 1114; and 
‘‘(2) are geographically diverse, including 
provided to local educational agencies serv-ing urban, suburban, or rural areas. 
‘‘(e) S
TATE APPLICATIONS AND REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible State edu-
cational agency desiring to receive flexi-bility authority under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may re-quire. The application shall include the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROGRAM .—A descrip-
tion of the eligible State educational agen-cy’s objectives in supporting innovation schools, and how the objectives of the pro-gram will be carried out, including— 
‘‘(i) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.064 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4966 July 9, 2015 
‘‘(I) support the success of innovation 
schools; 
‘‘(II) inform local educational agencies, 
communities, and schools of the opportunity for local flexibility agreements under this part; 
‘‘(III) work with eligible entities to ensure 
that innovation schools access all Federal, State, and local funds such schools are eligi-ble to receive; 
‘‘(IV) work with eligible entities to ensure 
that innovation schools receive waivers to all Federal, State, and local laws necessary to implement innovation schools’ innovation plans; 
‘‘(V) ensure each eligible entity works with 
innovation schools to ensure inclusion of all students and promote retention of students in the school; and 
‘‘(VI) share best and promising practices 
among innovation schools and other schools; 
‘‘(ii) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will actively monitor each eligible entity in a local flexibility agree-ment to hold innovation schools accountable to ensure a high-quality education, including by approving, re-approving, and revoking the innovation plan and its attendant flexibility based on the performance of the innovation school, in the areas of student achievement, student safety, financial management, and compliance with all applicable statutes; and 
‘‘(iii) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will approve local flexibility agreements, including— 
‘‘(I) a description of the application each 
local educational agency desiring to enter into such a flexibility agreement will sub-mit, which application shall include— 
‘‘(aa) the school innovation plan; ‘‘(bb) a description of the roles and respon-
sibilities of local educational agencies and of any other organizations with which the local educational agency will partner to open in-novation schools, including administrative and contractual roles and responsibilities; 
‘‘(cc) a description of the quality controls 
that will be used by the local educational agency, such as a contract or performance agreement that includes a school’s perform-ance in the State’s academic accountability system and impact on student achievement; 
‘‘(dd) a description of the planned activi-
ties to be carried out under the flexibility agreement; and 
‘‘(ee) a description of waivers and other 
flexibility needed to implement the school innovation plan; and 
‘‘(II) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will review applications from local educational agencies. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE ASSURANCES .—Assurances from 
the State educational agency that— 
‘‘(i) each eligible entity will ensure that 
innovation schools have a high degree of au-tonomy over budget and operations; 
‘‘(ii) the State educational agency— ‘‘(I) and each eligible entity entering into 
a local flexibility agreement under this sec-tion will ensure that each innovation school that receives funds under the entity’s pro-gram is meeting the requirements of this Act, , part B of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act, title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and section 504 of the Re-habilitation Act of 1973; and 
‘‘(II) will ensure that each eligible entity 
adequately monitors and provides adequate technical assistance to each innovation school in recruiting, enrolling, and meeting the needs of all students, including children with disabilities and English learners; 
‘‘(iii) the State educational agency will en-
sure that the eligible entity will monitor in-novation schools, including by— 
‘‘(I) using annual performance data, includ-
ing graduation rates and student academic achievement data, as appropriate; ‘‘(II) if applicable, reviewing the schools’ 
independent, annual audits of financial statements conducted in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and ensuring any such audits are publically reported; and 
‘‘(III) holding innovation schools account-
able to the academic, financial, and oper-ational quality controls outlined in the inno-vation plan, such as through renewal, non- renewal, or revocation of the school’s inno-vation plan; 
‘‘(iv) the State educational agency will en-
sure that, to the greatest extent possible, State and local rules, generally applicable to public schools, will be waived, or otherwise not apply, to the extent necessary, to inno-vation plans at each innovation school; 
‘‘(v) eligible entities will ensure that each 
innovation school makes publicly available information to help parents make informed decisions about the education options avail-able to their children, including information on the educational program, student support services, and annual performance and enroll-ment data for students in the innovation school; and 
‘‘(vi) the State educational agency con-
sulted with local educational agencies, schools, teachers, principals, other school leaders, and parents in developing the State application. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL ELEMENTS .—The provisions 
of peer review, approval, determination, demonstration, revision, disapproval, limita-tions, public review, and additional informa-tion applicable to State plans under para-graphs (3), (4), (5), (6), (7), and (8)(B) of sec-tion 1111(a) shall apply in the same manner to State applications submitted under this subsection. 
‘‘(f) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY APPLICA -
TIONS AND REQUIREMENTS .—A local edu-
cational agency that desires to enter into a local flexibility agreement shall submit to the State educational agency such informa-tion that the State educational agency shall require, including— 
‘‘(1) the plans for all approved innovation 
schools to be served by the local educational agency, which shall include— 
‘‘(A) a statement of the innovations 
school’s mission and why designation as an innovation school would enhance the school’s ability to achieve its mission; 
‘‘(B) a description of the innovations the 
public school would implement, which may include, innovations in school staffing, cur-riculum and assessment, class scheduling and size, use of financial and other resources, and faculty recruitment, employment, eval-uation, compensation, and extracurricular activities; 
‘‘(C) if the innovation school seeks to es-
tablish an advisory board, a description of— 
‘‘(i) the membership of the board (which 
may include representatives of teachers, par-ents, students, the local educational agency, the State educational agency, the business community, institutions of higher education, or other community representatives); 
‘‘(ii) its responsibilities in designing and 
furthering the mission of the innovation school; and 
‘‘(iii) how the board will ensure coordina-
tion with the local educational agency and State educational agency; 
‘‘(D) a listing of the programs, policies, or 
operational documents within the public school that would be affected by the public school’s identified innovations and the man-ner in which they would be affected, which shall include— 
‘‘(i) the research-based educational pro-
gram the school would implement; 
‘‘(ii) the length of school day and school 
year at the school; ‘‘(iii) the student engagement policies to 
be implemented at the school; 
‘‘(iv) the school’s instruction and assess-
ment plan; 
‘‘(v) the school’s plan to use data, evalua-
tion, and professional learning to improve student achievement; 
‘‘(vi) the proposed budget for the school; ‘‘(vii) the proposed staffing plan or staff 
compensation model for the school; and 
‘‘(viii) the professional development needs 
of leaders and staff to implement the pro-gram and how those needs will be addressed; 
‘‘(E) an identification of the improvements 
in academic performance that the school ex-pects to achieve in implementing the innova-tions; 
‘‘(F) evidence that a majority of the ad-
ministrators employed at the public school support the request for designation as an in-novation school; 
‘‘(G) evidence that not less than two-thirds 
of the regularly employed employees at the school vote by secret ballot to approve the school’s innovation school plan; 
‘‘(H) evidence that the school has strong 
parental support, demonstrated in a manner determined appropriate by the State edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(I) a description of any regulatory or pol-
icy requirements that would need to be waived for the public school to implement its identified innovations; and 
‘‘(J) any additional information required 
by the local educational agency in which the innovation plan would be implemented; 
‘‘(2) a description of any rules or regula-
tions that the local educational agency will waive in order to provide autonomy to the innovation schools and why waiving such regulations will benefit students; 
‘‘(3) a description of any State regulations 
that the local educational agency seeks to waive in order to provide autonomy to inno-vation schools, and why waiving such regula-tions will benefit students; and 
‘‘(4) a description of the process that the 
local educational agency will use to regu-larly review the progress of innovation schools, including student performance and performance in the State’s accountability system and decide whether to revoke or con-tinue the innovation school’s autonomy. 
‘‘(g) T
EACHER CERTIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this part, except as pro-vided under paragraph (2), not more than 5 percent of the teachers in an innovation school granted flexibility under this part may be unlicensed or uncertified at any one time. Such unlicensed or uncertified teach-ers shall become licensed or certified within 3 years of being hired. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE REQUIREMENTS .—Innovation 
schools located in a State with a more le-nient teacher license or certification re-quirement than the requirement described in paragraph (1) may hire teachers in accord-ance with State teacher license or certifi-cation requirements. 
‘‘(h) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS AND AS-
SESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) R EPORTING .—Each eligible State edu-
cational agency receiving the flexibility au-thority granted by the Secretary under this section shall submit to the Secretary, at the end of the third year of the demonstration period and at the end of any renewal period, a report that includes the following: 
‘‘(A) The number of students served by 
each innovation school under this part and, if applicable, the number of new students served during each year of the demonstra-tion period, expressed as a total number and as a percentage of the students enrolled in the State and relevant local educational agencies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.066 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4967 July 9, 2015 
‘‘(B) The number of innovation schools 
served under this part. 
‘‘(C) An overview of the innovations imple-
mented in the innovation schools and the in-novation school zones in the districts of in-novation. 
‘‘(D) An overview of the academic perform-
ance of the students served in innovation schools, including a comparison between the students’ academic performance before and since implementation of the innovations. 
‘‘(2) E
VALUATION .—The Director of the In-
stitute of Education Sciences (or a com-parable, independent research organization) shall conduct an evaluation of the program under this part after year 3 and 5 of the pro-gram and every 2 years thereafter. 
‘‘(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION AND PROHIBI -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING EM -
PLOYMENT .—Nothing in this part shall be 
construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded school or school district employees under Federal, State or local laws (including appli-cable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agree-ments, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON FEDERAL INTERFERENCE  
WITH STATE AND LOCAL DECISIONS .—Nothing 
in this part shall be construed to permit the Secretary to establish any criterion that specifies, defines, or prescribes the terms governing innovation schools served under this part. 
‘‘(j) D
URATION OF FLEXIBILITY DEMONSTRA -
TION AUTHORITY AND AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) F LEXIBILITY DEMONSTRATION AUTHOR -
ITY.—Flexibility demonstration authority 
under this part shall be awarded for a period that shall not exceed 5 fiscal years, and may be renewed by the Secretary for 1 additional 2-year period. 
‘‘(2) L
OCAL FLEXIBILITY AGREEMENTS .— 
Local flexibility agreements awarded by an eligible State educational agency under this part shall be for a period of not more than 5 years.’’. 
SA 2186. Mr. MURPHY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 630, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 5011. PROMISE NEIGHBORHOODS. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part I, as added by section 5010, the following: 
‘‘PART J—PROMISE NEIGHBORHOODS 
‘‘SEC. 5910. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Promise 
Neighborhoods Act of 2015’. 
‘‘SEC. 5911. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to signifi-
cantly improve the academic and develop-mental outcomes of children living in our Nation’s most distressed communities, in-cluding ensuring school readiness, high school graduation, and college and career readiness for such children, and access to a community-based continuum of high-quality services. 
‘‘SEC. 5912. PIPELINE SERVICES DEFINED. 
‘‘In this part, the term ‘pipeline services’ 
means a continuum of supports and services for children from birth through college entry, college success, and career attain-
ment, including, at a minimum, strategies to address through services or programs (in-cluding integrated student supports) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) High-quality early learning opportuni-
ties. 
‘‘(2) High-quality schools and out-of- 
school-time programs and strategies. 
‘‘(3) Support for a child’s transition to ele-
mentary school, support for a child’s transi-tion from elementary school to middle school, from middle school to high school, and from high school into and through col-lege and into the workforce, including any comprehensive readiness assessment as deemed necessary. 
‘‘(4) Family and community engagement. ‘‘(5) Family and student supports, which 
may be provided within the school building. 
‘‘(6) Activities that support college and ca-
reer readiness. 
‘‘(7) Community-based support for students 
who have attended the schools in the pipe-line, or students who are members of the community, facilitating their continued con-nection to the community and success in col-lege and the workforce. 
‘‘SEC. 5913. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—From amounts 
appropriated to carry out this part, the Sec-retary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to implement a comprehensive, evidence-based continuum of coordinated services that meet the purpose of this part by carrying out the activities in neighborhoods with high concentrations of low-income individuals and multiple signs of distress, which may include poverty, child-hood obesity rates, academic failure, and rates of juvenile delinquency, adjudication, or incarceration, and persistently low- achieving schools or schools with an achieve-ment gap. 
‘‘(2) S
UFFICIENT SIZE AND SCOPE .—Each 
grant awarded under this part shall be of suf-ficient size and scope to allow the eligible entity to carry out the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(b) D
URATION .—A grant awarded under 
this part shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, and may be renewed for an ad-ditional period of not more than 5 years 
‘‘(c) C
ONTINUED FUNDING .—Continued fund-
ing of a grant under this part, including a grant renewed under subsection (b), after the third year of the grant period shall be con-tingent on the eligible entity’s progress to-ward meeting the performance metrics de-scribed in section 5918(a). 
‘‘(d) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity re-
ceiving a grant under this part shall con-tribute matching funds in an amount equal to not less than 100 percent of the amount of the grant. Such matching funds shall come from Federal, State, local, and private sources. 
‘‘(2) P
RIVATE SOURCES .—The Secretary 
shall require that a portion of the matching funds come from private sources, which may include in-kind donations. 
‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENT .—The Secretary may ad-
just the matching funds requirement for ap-plicants that demonstrate high need, includ-ing applicants from rural areas or applicant that wish to provide services on tribal lands. 
‘‘(e) F
INANCIAL HARDSHIP WAIVER .—The 
Secretary may waive or reduce, on a case-by- case basis, the matching requirement de-scribed in subsection (d), including the re-quirement for funds for private sources for a period of 1 year at a time, if the eligible enti-ty demonstrates significant financial hard-ship. 
‘‘(f) R
ESERVATION FOR RURAL AREAS .— 
From the amounts appropriated to carry out this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary 
shall reserve not less than 20 percent for eli-gible entities that propose to carry out the activities described in section 5916 in rural areas. The Secretary shall reduce the amount described in the preceding sentence if the Secretary does not receive a sufficient number of applications that are deserving of a grant under this part for such purpose. 
‘‘SEC. 5914. ELIGIBLE ENTITIES. 
‘‘In this part, the term ‘eligible entity’ 
means— 
‘‘(1) an institution of higher education, as 
defined in section 102 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965; 
‘‘(2) an Indian tribe or tribal organization, 
as defined under section 4 of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b); or 
‘‘(3) one or more nonprofit entities working 
in formal partnership with not less than 1 of the following entities: 
‘‘(A) A high-need local educational agency. ‘‘(B) An institution of higher education, as 
defined in section 102 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965. 
‘‘(C) The office of a chief elected official of 
a unit of local government. 
‘‘(D) An Indian tribe or tribal organization, 
as defined under section 4 of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
‘‘SEC. 5915. APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible entity desir-
ing a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .—At a min-
imum, an application described in subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A plan to significantly improve the 
academic outcomes of children living in a neighborhood that is served by the eligible entity, by providing pipeline services that address the needs of children in the neigh-borhood, as identified by the needs analysis described in paragraph (4), and supported by evidence-based practices. 
‘‘(2) A description of the neighborhood that 
the eligible entity will serve. 
‘‘(3) Measurable annual goals for the out-
comes of the grant, including performance goals, in accordance with the metrics de-scribed in section 5918(a), for each year of the grant. 
‘‘(4) An analysis of the needs and assets, in-
cluding size and scope of population affected of the neighborhood identified in paragraph (1), including— 
‘‘(A) a description of the process through 
which the needs analysis was produced, in-cluding a description of how parents, family, and community members were engaged in such analysis; 
‘‘(B) an analysis of community assets and 
collaborative efforts, including programs al-ready provided from Federal and non-Federal sources, within, or accessible to, the neigh-borhood, including, at a minimum, early learning, family and student supports, local businesses, and institutions of higher edu-cation; 
‘‘(C) the steps that the eligible entity is 
taking, at the time of the application, to ad-dress the needs identified in the needs anal-ysis; and 
‘‘(D) any barriers the eligible entity, public 
agencies, and other community-based orga-nizations have faced in meeting such needs. 
‘‘(5) A description of all data that the enti-
ty used to identify the pipeline services to be provided and how the eligible entity will col-lect data on children served by each pipeline service and increase the percentage of chil-dren served over time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.066 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4968 July 9, 2015 
‘‘(6) A description of the process used to de-
velop the application, including the involve-ment of family and community members. 
‘‘(7) A description of how the pipeline serv-
ices will facilitate the coordination of the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Providing high-quality early learning 
opportunities for children, including by pro-viding opportunities for families and expect-ant parents to acquire the skills to promote early learning and child development, and ensuring appropriate screening, diagnostic assessments, and referrals for children with disabilities and developmental delays, con-sistent with the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, where applicable. 
‘‘(B) Supporting, enhancing, operating, or 
expanding rigorous and comprehensive evi-dence-based education reforms, which may include high-quality academic programs, ex-panded learning time, and programs and ac-tivities to prepare students for college ad-missions and success. 
‘‘(C) Supporting partnerships between 
schools and other community resources with an integrated focus on academics and other social, health, and familial supports. 
‘‘(D) Providing social, health, nutrition, 
and mental health services and supports, in-cluding referrals for essential healthcare and preventative screenings, for children, family, and community members, which may in-clude services provided within the school building. 
‘‘(E) Supporting evidence-based programs 
that assist students through school transi-tions, which may include expanding access to college courses for and college enrollment aide or guidance, and other supports for at- risk youth. 
‘‘(8) A description of the strategies that 
will be used to provide pipeline services (in-cluding a description of which programs and services will be provided to children, family members, community members, and children not attending schools or programs operated by the eligible entity or its partner pro-viders) to support the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(9) An explanation of the process the eli-
gible entity will use to establish and main-tain family and community engagement, in-cluding involving representative participa-tion by the members of such neighborhood in the planning and implementation of the ac-tivities of each grant awarded under this part, and the provision of strategies and practices to assist family and community members in actively supporting student achievement and child development, pro-viding services for students, families, and communities within the school building, and collaboration with institutions of higher education, workforce development centers, and employers to align expectations and pro-gramming with college and career readiness. 
‘‘(10) An explanation of how the eligible en-
tity will continuously evaluate and improve the continuum of high-quality pipeline serv-ices to provide for continuous program im-provement and potential expansion. 
‘‘(11) An identification of the fiscal agent, 
which may be any entity described in section 5914 (not including paragraph (2) of such sec-tion). 
‘‘(c) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—An 
eligible entity, as part of the application de-scribed in this section, shall submit a pre-liminary memorandum of understanding, signed by each partner entity or agency. The preliminary memorandum of understanding shall describe, at a minimum— 
‘‘(1) each partner’s financial and pro-
grammatic commitment with respect to the strategies described in the application, in-cluding an identification of the fiscal agent; 
‘‘(2) each partner’s long-term commitment 
to providing pipeline services that, at a min-imum, accounts for the cost of supporting the continuum of supports and services (in-
cluding a plan for how to support services and activities after grant funds are no longer available) and potential changes in local government; 
‘‘(3) each partner’s mission and the plan 
that will govern the work that the partners 
do together; 
‘‘(4) each partner’s long-term commitment 
to supporting the continuum of supports and services through data collection, moni-toring, reporting, and sharing; and 
‘‘(5) each partner’s commitment to ensure 
sound fiscal management and controls, in-cluding evidence of a system of supports and personnel. 
‘‘SEC. 5916. USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this part shall use the grant funds to— 
‘‘(1) support planning activities to develop 
and implement pipeline services; 
‘‘(2) implement the pipeline services, as de-
scribed in the application under section 5915; and 
‘‘(3) continuously evaluate the success of 
the program and improve the program based on data and outcomes. 
‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(1) F UNDS FOR PIPELINE SERVICES .—Each 
eligible entity that receives a grant under this part, for the first and second year of the grant, shall use not less than 50 percent of the grant funds to carry out the activities described in subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(2) O
PERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY .—Each eligi-
ble entity that operates a school in a neigh-borhood served by a grant program under this part shall provide such school with the operational flexibility, including autonomy over staff, time, and budget, needed to effec-tively carry out the activities described in the application under section 5915. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR EARLY  
CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PROGRAMS .—Funds 
under this part that are used to improve early childhood education programs shall not be used to carry out any of the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Assessments that provide rewards or 
sanctions for individual children or teachers. 
‘‘(B) A single assessment that is used as 
the primary or sole method for assessing pro-gram effectiveness. 
‘‘(C) Evaluating children, other than for 
the purposes of improving instruction, class-room environment, professional develop-ment, or parent and family engagement, or program improvement. 
‘‘SEC. 5917. REPORT AND PUBLICLY AVAILABLE 
DATA. 
‘‘(a) R EPORT .—Each eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this part shall prepare and submit an annual report to the Sec-retary, which shall include— 
‘‘(1) information about the number and 
percentage of children in the neighborhood who are served by the grant program, includ-ing a description of the number and percent-age of children accessing each support or service offered as part of the pipeline serv-ices; and 
‘‘(2) information relating to the perform-
ance metrics described in section 5918(a); and 
‘‘(b) P
UBLICLY AVAILABLE DATA.—Each eli-
gible entity that receives a grant under this part shall make publicly available, including through electronic means, the information described in subsection (a). To the extent practicable, such information shall be pro-vided in a form and language accessible to parents and families in the neighborhood, and such information shall be a part of state-wide longitudinal data systems. 
‘‘SEC. 5918. PERFORMANCE ACCOUNTABILITY 
AND EVALUATION. 
‘‘(a) P ERFORMANCE METRICS .—Each eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this part shall collect data on performance indicators 
of pipeline services and family and student supports and report the results to the Sec-retary, who shall use the results as a consid-eration in continuing grants after the third year and in awarding grant renewals. The in-dicators shall address the entity’s progress toward meeting the goals of this part to sig-nificantly improve the academic and devel-opmental outcomes of children living in our Nation’s most distressed communities from birth through college and career entry, in-cluding ensuring school readiness, high school graduation, and college and career readiness for such children, through the use 
of data-driven decision making and access to a community-based continuum of high-qual-ity services, beginning at birth. 
‘‘(b) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall 
evaluate the implementation and impact of the activities funded under this part, in ac-cordance with section 9601. 
‘‘SEC. 5919. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘From the amounts appropriated to carry 
out this part for a fiscal year, in addition to the amounts that may be reserved in accord-ance with section 9601, the Secretary may re-serve not more than 8 percent for national activities, which may include research, tech-nical assistance, professional development, dissemination of best practices, and other activities consistent with the purposes of this part. 
‘‘SEC. 5920. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SA 2187. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself 
and Mr. C ASSIDY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 75, line 18, insert ‘‘disability cat-
egory as described in subparagraphs (A)(i) and (if applicable for the State) (B)(i) of sec-tion 602(3) of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act,’’ after ‘‘homeless sta-tus,’’. 
SA 2188. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself 
and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 69, between lines 12 and 13, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(M) how the State will ensure the unique 
needs of students at all levels of schooling are met, particularly students in the middle grades and high school, including how the State will work with local educational agen-cies to— 
‘‘(i) assist in the identification of middle 
grades and high school students who are at- risk of dropping out, such as through the continuous use of student data related to measures such as attendance, student sus-pensions, course performance, and, postsec-ondary credit accumulation that results in actionable steps to inform and differentiate instruction and support; 
‘‘(ii) ensure effective student transitions 
from elementary school to middle grades and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.067 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4969 July 9, 2015 
middle grades to high school, such as by 
aligning curriculum and supports or imple-menting personal academic plans to enable such students to stay on the path to gradua-tion; 
‘‘(iii) ensure effective student transitions 
from high school to postsecondary edu-cation, such as through the establishment of partnerships between local educational agen-cies and institutions of higher education and providing students with choices for pathways to postsecondary education, which may in-clude the integration of rigorous academics, career and technical education, and work- based learning; 
‘‘(iv) provide professional development to 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, and other school personnel in addressing the academic and developmental needs of such students; and 
‘‘(v) implement any other evidence-based 
strategies or activities that the State deter-mines appropriate for addressing the unique needs of such students; 
On page 69, line 13, strike ‘‘(M)’’ and insert 
‘‘(N)’’. 
On page 69, line 17, strike ‘‘(N)’’ and insert 
‘‘(O)’’. 
On page 772, between lines 14 and 15, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(47) M
IDDLE GRADES .—The term middle 
grades means any of grades 5 through 8.’’. 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 1020 l. REPORT ON THE REDUCTION OF THE 
NUMBER AND PERCENTAGE OF STU-DENTS WHO DROP OUT OF SCHOOL. 
Not later than 5 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Director of the In-stitute of Education Sciences shall evaluate the impact of section 1111(c)(1)(M) on reduc-ing the number and percentage of students who drop out of school. 
SA 2189. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself 
and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 630, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 5011. IMPROVING SECONDARY SCHOOLS. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part I, as added by section 5010, the following: 
‘‘PART J—IMPROVING SECONDARY 
SCHOOLS 
‘‘SEC. 5910. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are to increase 
the number and percentage of students who— 
‘‘(1) successfully matriculate from middle 
school to high school; 
‘‘(2) graduate from high school college- and 
career-ready with the ability to use knowl-edge to solve complex problems, think criti-cally, communicate effectively, collaborate with others, and develop academic mindsets; 
‘‘(3) earn college-level credit and postsec-
ondary credentials, including industry-based credentials, such as through early college and dual enrollment while in high school; 
‘‘(4) successfully complete sequencing of 
coursework that integrates rigorous aca-demics with career-based learning and real world workplace experiences; and 
‘‘(5) graduate from high school prepared to 
pursue postsecondary degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, particularly for student groups historically underrepresented in these fields. ‘‘SEC. 5911. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: 
‘‘(1) A PPLIED LEARNING .—The term ‘applied 
learning’ means a strategy that engages stu-dents in opportunities to apply rigorous aca-demic content aligned with college-level ex-pectations to real world experience, through such means as project-based, work-based, or service-based learning, and develops stu-dents’ cognitive competencies and pertinent employability skills. 
‘‘(2) A
TTRITION .—The term ‘attrition’ 
means the reduction in a school’s student population as a result of transfers or drop-outs and includes students who have been en-rolled for a minimum of 3 weeks within the academic year. 
‘‘(3) C
HRONICALLY ABSENT .—The term 
‘chronically absent’, when used with respect to a student— 
‘‘(A) means a student who misses not less 
than 10 percent of the school days at a school; and 
‘‘(B) does not include any school days a 
student misses due to an in-school or out-of- school suspension, or for which a student was not enrolled at such school. 
‘‘(4) C
OMPETENCY -BASED LEARNING MODEL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘competency- 
based learning model’ means an education model in which students advance academi-cally based upon multiple demonstrations of competence in defined content-specific con-cepts and higher order skills, such as critical thinking and problem solving. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In a competency- 
based learning model the following applies: 
‘‘(i) Competencies include explicit, measur-
able, and transferable learning objectives. 
‘‘(ii) Assessment is used to identify gaps in 
a student’s knowledge and to provide fre-quent and meaningful feedback on the stu-dent’s progression toward filling such gaps and moving on to higher levels of knowledge. 
‘‘(iii) Each student receives timely, dif-
ferentiated support based on the student’s individual learning needs. 
‘‘(iv) Student agency is emphasized 
through transparency of goals and gaps in knowledge, and multiple means to close those gaps. 
‘‘(5) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means a local educational agency or a consortium of local educational agencies— 
‘‘(A) in partnership with— ‘‘(i) 1 or more institutions of higher edu-
cation; and 
‘‘(ii) 1 or more employers, which may be a 
nonprofit organization, community-based or-ganization, State or local government agen-cy, business, or an industry-related organiza-tion; and 
‘‘(B) that may include 1 or more external 
partners, such as a qualified intermediary. 
‘‘(6) E
LIGIBLE HIGH SCHOOL .—The term ‘eli-
gible high school’ means a high school that— 
‘‘(A) does not receive funding under section 
1114(c); 
‘‘(B) serves a student population of which 
not less than 40 percent are from low-income families as determined by the local edu-cational agency serving such school; and 
‘‘(C) has a 4-year adjusted cohort gradua-
tion rate for all students or for multiple sub-groups of students at or below 67 percent, ex-cept in the case of a high school that, at the time of applying for the grant under this part, is a new high school, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(7) E
LIGIBLE MIDDLE SCHOOL .—The term 
‘eligible middle school’ means a middle school— 
‘‘(A) that does not receive funding under 
section 1114(c); 
‘‘(B) that serves a student population of 
which not less than 40 percent are from low- income families as determined by the local educational agency serving such school; and ‘‘(C) from which a significant number or 
percentage of students go on to attend an el-igible high school. 
‘‘(8) I
NDUSTRY -BASED CREDENTIAL .—The 
term ‘industry-based credential’ has the meaning given the term ‘recognized postsec-ondary credential’ in section 3 of the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102). 
‘‘(9) P
ERSONALIZED LEARNING .—The term 
‘personalized learning’ means a learning en-vironment that addresses students’ academic and non-academic needs and provides stu-dents with an individualized sequence of aca-demic content, skill development, support services, and ensures that each student has an advisor designed to enable the student to achieve the student’s individual learning goals and ensure the student graduates on time and ready for college and a career by having developed skills and competencies, including the ability to think critically, solve complex or non-routine problems, evaluate arguments on the basis of evidence, and communicate effectively. 
‘‘(10) Q
UALIFIED INTERMEDIARY .—The term 
‘qualified intermediary’ means an entity that has— 
‘‘(A) a demonstrated record of working on 
grant-related middle school and high school redesign activities; and 
‘‘(B) expertise in building and sustaining 
partnerships with entities such as employ-ers, schools, community-based organizations, institutions of higher education, social serv-ice organizations, economic development or-ganizations, and workforce systems to broker services, resources, and supports to youth and the organizations and systems that are designed to serve youth (including connecting employers to classrooms, design-ing and implementing contextualized path-ways to postsecondary education and ca-reers, developing integrated curricula, deliv-ering professional development, and con-necting students to internships and other work-based learning opportunities). 
‘‘(11) S
TUDENT -CENTERED LEARNING AP -
PROACHES .—The term ‘student-centered 
learning approaches’ means instruction and curriculum that— 
‘‘(A) are— ‘‘(i) based on personalized learning; and ‘‘(ii) mastery oriented or based on com-
petency-based learning models; 
‘‘(B) enable students to have supports to 
take increased responsibility over their edu-cation and develop self-regulation skills; and 
‘‘(C) are designed to foster the skills and 
dispositions students need to succeed in col-lege, career, and citizenship, and the com-petencies described under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(12) T
RANSFER RATE .—The term ‘transfer 
rate’ means the rate at which students trans-fer from one high school to another high school, or from one high school to another education setting, for a reason other than due to a change in primary residence, as verified through written documentation by the local educational agency serving the stu-dent at the time of the transfer. 
‘‘SEC. 5912. GRANTS AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
make grants to State educational agencies with approved State plans to achieve the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPETITIVE BASIS .—For any fiscal 
year for which the amount appropriated under section 5916 is less than $300,000,000, the Secretary shall award grants to State educational agencies under paragraph (1) on a competitive basis. 
‘‘(3) F
ORMULA BASIS .—For any fiscal year 
for which the amount appropriated under section 5916 is equal to or more than $300,000,000, the Secretary shall award grants 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.068 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4970 July 9, 2015 
to State educational agencies from allot-
ments made under subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) D ETERMINATION OF ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—For any fis-
cal year for which the amount appropriated under section 5916 is equal to or more than $300,000,000, the Secretary shall reserve, from the total amount appropriated under section 5916 for the fiscal year— 
‘‘(A) one half of 1 percent, which shall be 
awarded, on a competitive basis, by the Bu-reau of Indian Education for activities con-sistent with the purposes of this part; and 
‘‘(B) not more than 2.5 percent for national 
activities, including evaluation, dissemina-tion of best practices, and technical assist-ance. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ALLOTMENT .—For any fiscal 
year for which the amount appropriated under section 5916 is equal to or more than $300,000,000, the Secretary shall allot to each State the sum of, from the total amount ap-propriated under section 5916 for a fiscal year and not reserved under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 50 percent of the sums being al-lotted as the percentage of students enrolled in high schools in which at least 50 percent of enrolled students are student from low-in-come families, as determined by the local educational agency pursuant to section 1113, in the State bears to the total of such per-centages for all the States; and 
‘‘(B) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 50 percent of the sums being al-lotted as the percentage of students enrolled in high schools in the State bears to the total of such percentages for all the States. 
‘‘(3) R
EALLOTMENT .—If any State does not 
apply for an allotment under this subsection for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this subsection. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE USE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency awarded a grant under this section shall use not less than 95 percent of the grant funds to award subgrants to eligible entities under section 5914. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .—A State edu-
cational agency may use not more than 5 percent of the grant funds for evaluation and capacity building activities, including train-ing, technical assistance, professional devel-opment, and administrative costs of carrying out responsibilities under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 5913. STATE APPLICATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to receive a 
grant for any fiscal year, a State shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reason-ably require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will utilize funds reserved under section 5912(c)(2) for State activities. 
‘‘(2) A description of the procedures and 
criteria the State educational agency will use for reviewing applications and awarding funds to eligible entities on a competitive basis. 
‘‘(3) An assurance that subgrants awarded 
to eligible entities under section 5914 will be for a period of 5 years, conditional after 3 years on satisfactory progress on the leading performance indicators described in section 5914(b)(2)(G)(i), and renewable for 3 addi-tional 1-year periods, based on satisfactory progress on the core indicators in section 5914(b)(2)(G)(ii). 
‘‘(4) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will allow eligible entities to utilize funds awarded under section 5914 for planning purposes for not more than 1 
year after receiving a subgrant, and withhold subsequent allocations of subgrant funds if the State educational agency determines an eligible plan to be insufficient to effectively achieve the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(5) An assurance that funds appropriated 
to carry out this part will be used to supple-ment, and not supplant, other Federal, State, and local public funds expended to provide programs and activities authorized under this part and other similar programs. 
‘‘(6) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will evaluate the effective-ness of programs and activities carried out under this part, including how performance on leading performance indicators described in section 5914(b)(2)(G)(i) and core indicators in section 5914(b)(2)(G)(ii) will be incor-porated into the evaluation. 
‘‘(7) An articulation agreement that will be 
entered into with each institution of higher education that will receive funding under this part that requires credit earned as a re-sult of the successful completion of a dual enrollment course funded under this part to be treated as credit earned at the institution 
in the same manner as such credit would otherwise be earned at such institution. 
‘‘(8) A description of the policies and strat-
egies that will be implemented to improve school climate. 
‘‘(c) A
PPROVAL ; D ISAPPROVAL ; N OTIFICA -
TION; RESPONSE ; FAILURE TORESPOND .—The 
provisions of approval, disapproval, notifica-tion, response, and failure to respond appli-cable to State applications under sub-sections (b), (c), (d), (e), and (f) of section 4203 shall apply in the same manner to State applications submitted under this section. 
‘‘SEC. 5914. SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this part shall use the portion of the grant funds described under section 5912(c)(1) to award subgrants to eligible enti-ties. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a subgrant under this part, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the State edu-cational agency at such time, in such man-ner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reasonably re-quire. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of how the eligible enti-
ty will use funds awarded under this section to carry out the evidenced-based activities described in subsection (c) and provide per-sonalized learning experiences, applied learn-ing opportunities, and student-centered learning approaches, that are accessible to all students. 
‘‘(B) A description of the responsibilities to 
be carried out by each member of the eligible entity and additional external partners or qualified intermediaries. 
‘‘(C) A description of how the eligible enti-
ty will sustain the activities proposed, in-cluding the availability of funds from non- Federal sources and coordination with other Federal, State, and local funds. 
‘‘(D) A description of the comprehensive 
needs assessment and capacity analysis of the eligible entity, eligible middle schools, and eligible high schools that will be served under the subgrant. 
‘‘(E) A plan to use current regional labor 
market information and engage employers and community-based organizations in the development of work-related learning oppor-tunities, particularly those in STEM-related fields, including computer science, and other curriculum revisions under subsection (c). 
‘‘(F) A plan to address the needs of stu-
dents with disabilities, English language learners, and students who are significantly 
over-aged and under-credited, in the activi-ties under subsection (c). 
‘‘(G) The performance indicators and tar-
gets the eligible entity will use to assess the effectiveness of the activities implemented under this section disaggregated by the cat-egories of students described in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi), including— 
‘‘(i) leading indicators, which may in-
clude— 
‘‘(I) annual, average attendance rates and 
the number and percentage of students who are chronically absent; 
‘‘(II) rates, including disproportionality, of 
expulsions, suspensions, school violence, har-assment, and bullying (as defined under State or local laws or policies); and 
‘‘(III) annual student mobility rates, trans-
fer rates, and attrition rates; 
‘‘(ii) core indicators, which may include— ‘‘(I) graduation rates; ‘‘(II) dropout recovery (re-entry) rates; ‘‘(III) percentage of students who have on- 
time credit accumulation at the end of each grade, and whom are on track to graduate within 4 years, and the percentage of stu-dents failing a core subject course; 
‘‘(IV) percentage of students who success-
fully transitioned from 8th to 9th grade; and 
‘‘(V) student achievement data, including 
the percentage of students performing at a proficient level on State academic assess-ments required under section 1111(b)(2); and 
‘‘(iii) indicators of postsecondary edu-
cation readiness, which may include— 
‘‘(I) percentage of students successfully 
completing rigorous postsecondary edu-cation courses while attending a secondary school, such as Advanced Placement or International Baccalaureate courses; 
‘‘(II) percentage of students who have on- 
time credit accumulation at the end of each grade or who have earned postsecondary edu-cation credit; 
‘‘(III) rates of workplace experience and 
other indicators of the acquisition of em-ployability skills, including the number and percentage of students earning a recognized postsecondary credential, as defined in sec-tion 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102); and 
‘‘(IV) the number and percentage of stu-
dents completing a registered apprenticeship program (as defined in section 171(b) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3226)). 
‘‘(c) R
EQUIRED USES OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) D ISTRICTWIDE REQUIRED USES OF  
FUNDS .—An eligible entity that receives a 
subgrant under this section shall use not less than 15 percent of the subgrant funds to— 
‘‘(A) implement an early warning indicator 
system in eligible middle schools and eligible high schools to identify struggling students and create a system of timely and effective evidence-based and linguistically and cul-turally relevant interventions, by— 
‘‘(i) identifying and analyzing the aca-
demic risk factors that most reliably predict 
dropouts by using longitudinal data of past cohorts of students; 
‘‘(ii) identifying specific indicators of stu-
dent progress and performance to determine whether students are on track to graduate secondary school in 4 years and to guide de-cision making, such as academic perform-ance in core courses, postsecondary edu-cation credit accumulation, and attendance, including the percentage of students who are chronically absent; 
‘‘(iii) identifying or developing a mecha-
nism for regularly collecting and analyzing data about the impact of interventions on the indicators of student progress and per-formance; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.069 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4971 July 9, 2015 
‘‘(iv) identifying and implementing strate-
gies for pairing academic support with inte-grated student services and case-managed interventions for students requiring inten-sive supports which may include partner-ships with other external partners; 
‘‘(B) provide support and credit recovery 
opportunities for students with disabilities, English learners, and students who are over- aged and under-credited, at secondary schools served by the eligible entity or other appropriate settings by offering activities; 
‘‘(C) provide dropout recovery or re-entry 
programs that are designed to encourage and support dropouts returning to an educational system, program, or institution following an extended absence in order to graduate college- and career-ready; 
‘‘(D) provide evidence-based middle school 
to high school transition programs and sup-ports, including through curricula alignment and early high school programs that allow students to earn high school credit in middle school; 
‘‘(E) strengthen student transitions be-
tween schools by implementing a transition strategy based on data collection that mon-itors the transition between middle school and high school, and high school and postsec-ondary transitions, and encourages collabo-ration among elementary school, middle school, and high school grades; and 
‘‘(F) provide teachers, principals, other 
school leaders, non-instructional staff, stu-dents, and families with high-quality, easily accessible, and timely information, begin-ning in middle school, about— 
‘‘(i) secondary school graduation require-
ments; 
‘‘(ii) postsecondary education application 
processes; 
‘‘(iii) postsecondary education admissions 
processes and requirements, including re-quirements for pursuing postsecondary de-grees in STEM-related subjects, including computer science; 
‘‘(iv) public financial aid and other avail-
able private scholarship and grant aid oppor-tunities; 
‘‘(v) regional and national labor market in-
formation, including information about na-tional and local STEM-related career oppor-tunities, including in computer science; and 
‘‘(vi) other programs and services for in-
creasing rates of college access and success for students from low-income families. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED USE OF FUNDS IN ELIGIBLE  
MIDDLE SCHOOLS AND ELIGIBLE HIGH  
SCHOOLS .—An eligible entity that receives a 
subgrant under this section shall use the subgrant funds in eligible middle schools and 
eligible high schools to implement a com-prehensive approach that will improve aca-demic achievement and increase on-time grade and graduation completion by— 
‘‘(A) using early warning indicator and 
intervention systems described in paragraph (1)(A); 
‘‘(B) providing personalized learning and 
applied learning opportunities; 
‘‘(C) implementing organizational prac-
tices and school schedules that allow for col-laborative teacher, principal, and other school leader participation, team teaching, and common instructional planning time, in-cluding across middle school and high school grades to facilitate effective teaching and learning and positive teacher-student inter-actions; 
‘‘(D) increasing the number of teachers cer-
tified in the subject area they are assigned to teach; 
‘‘(E) providing teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders with ongoing high-qual-ity professional development, including through the use of professional learning communities and joint training for sec-ondary teachers and postsecondary edu-cators, coaching, and mentoring, that pre-
pares teachers, principals, and other school leaders to— 
‘‘(i) address the academic challenges of 
students; 
‘‘(ii) understand the developmental needs 
of students and how to address those needs in an educational setting; 
‘‘(iii) implement data-driven interventions; 
and 
‘‘(iv) provide academic guidance to stu-
dents in student-to-staff ratios that allows students to make informed decisions about academic options, including financial aid counseling for postsecondary education, so that students can graduate college and ca-reer ready; and 
‘‘(F) improving access to rigorous courses 
by— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an eligible middle 
school, providing all students with the pre-requisite coursework necessary to prepare students for participation in rigorous and ad-vanced coursework at the high school level, including in STEM-related areas of coursework, including computer science; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an eligible high school, 
providing all students pathways to earn at least 12 postsecondary education credits while in high school; 
‘‘(G) promoting the continuous use of stu-
dent data that results in actionable steps to inform and differentiate instruction and sup-port, including the use of timely data reports that measures attendance, course perform-ance, postsecondary education credit accu-mulation, and other on-track indicators for all students; 
‘‘(H) providing ongoing mechanisms for 
strengthening family and community en-gagement; 
‘‘(I) providing college and career pathways 
through such activities as— 
‘‘(i) implementing a college- and career- 
ready curriculum that integrates rigorous academics, career and technical education, and work-based learning for high school stu-dents in high-skill, high-demand industries in collaboration with local and regional em-ployers including in STEM-related subject areas, such as computer science, and work- based learning experiences; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of eligible high schools, 
providing dual enrollment, early college, or accelerated learning courses and postsec-ondary education credit-bearing advanced coursework opportunities, including oppor-tunities to earn industry-based credentials or other recognized postsecondary education credentials, including opportunities for sec-ondary school students who over-age or 
under-credited and those who have dropped out of school; or 
‘‘(iii) designing curricula and sequences of 
courses, including in STEM-related subjects such as computer science, in collaboration with teachers from the eligible high school and faculty from the partner institution of higher education so that students may si-multaneously earn credits toward a high school diploma and earn an associate degree or at least 12 transferable postsecondary edu-cation credits toward a postsecondary degree at no cost to students or their families; 
‘‘(J) strengthening the transition between 
middle school and high school and high school and postsecondary education through such activities as— 
‘‘(i) providing academic and career coun-
seling, such as through low student-to-coun-selor ratios, that allow students to make in-formed decisions about academic and career options, including the use of current labor- market information for students, families, teachers, principals, and other school lead-ers; 
‘‘(ii) providing high-quality, age appro-
priate, college and career exploration oppor-tunities, including college campus visits, 
work-related learning opportunities, particu-larly in high demand regional industry areas; and 
‘‘(iii) providing academic and support serv-
ices; 
‘‘(K) making more strategic use of learning 
time, which may include the effective appli-cation of technology and redesigning or ex-tending school calendars, flexible scheduling, implementation of competency-based learn-ing models, and time for educators to carry out systemic reform, including the activities described under this part; and 
‘‘(L) providing integrated services to ad-
dress the social, emotional, health, and be-havioral needs of students. 
‘‘(d) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—An eligi-
ble entity shall use Federal funds received under this section only to supplement the funds that would, in the absence of such Fed-eral funds, be made available from other Federal and non-Federal sources for the ac-tivities described in this section, and not to 
supplant such funds. 
‘‘SEC. 5915. REPORTS. 
‘‘Each eligible entity receiving a subgrant 
under this part shall collect and report annu-ally to the public and the State educational agency, and the State educational agency shall annually report to the Secretary, such information on the results of the activities assisted under the subgrant as the Secretary may reasonably require, including perform-ance on the indicators described in section 5914(b)(2)(I) disaggregated by each of the cat-egories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A). 
‘‘SEC. 5916. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SA 2190. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself 
and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 630, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
‘‘PART J—IMPROVING SECONDARY 
SCHOOLS 
‘‘SEC. 5910. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are to support 
student dropout prevention, intervention, and recovery and increase the number and percentage of students who— 
‘‘(1) successfully matriculate from middle 
school to high school; 
‘‘(2) graduate from high school college and 
career ready with the ability to use knowl-edge to solve complex problems, think criti-cally, communicate effectively, collaborate with others, and develop academic mindsets; 
‘‘(3) successfully complete sequencing of 
coursework that integrates rigorous aca-demics with career-based learning and work-place experiences, and earn college credit and postsecondary credentials, including in-dustry-based credentials, such as through early college high school courses and dual or concurrent enrollment while in high school; and 
‘‘(4) graduate from high school prepared to 
pursue postsecondary degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (referred to in this part as ‘STEM’), particu-larly for student groups historically under-represented in these fields. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.069 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4972 July 9, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 5911. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means a State or local educational agency or a consortium of local educational agencies— 
‘‘(A) in partnership with— ‘‘(i) 1 or more institutions of higher edu-
cation; and 
‘‘(ii) 1 or more employers, which may be a 
nonprofit organization, community-based or-ganization, State or local government agen-cy, business, or an industry-related organiza-tion; and 
‘‘(B) that may include 1 or more external 
partners, such as a qualified intermediary. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE HIGH SCHOOL .—The term ‘eli-
gible high school’ means a high school that— 
‘‘(A) does not receive funding under section 
1114(c); 
‘‘(B) serves a student population of which 
not less than 40 percent are from low-income families as determined by the local edu-cational agency serving such school; and 
‘‘(C) has a 4-year adjusted cohort gradua-
tion rate for all students or for multiple sub-groups of students at or below 67 percent, ex-cept in the case of a high school that, at the time of applying for the grant under this part, is a new high school, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE MIDDLE SCHOOL .—The term 
‘eligible middle school’ means a middle school— 
‘‘(A) that does not receive funding under 
section 1114(c); 
‘‘(B) that serves a student population of 
which not less than 40 percent are from low- income families as determined by the local educational agency serving such school; and 
‘‘(C) from which a significant number or 
percentage of students go on to attend an el-igible high school. 
‘‘SEC. 5912. GRANTS AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary 
shall award grants to geographically and re-gionally diverse, including rural and remote areas, eligible entities to achieve the pur-poses of this part. 
‘‘(b) G
RANT DURATION .—Grants awarded 
under this part shall be for a period of 5 years, including 1 year which may be used for planning purposes, and may be renewable based on performance on indicators de-scribed in section 5913(b)(5). 
‘‘SEC. 5913. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to receive a 
grant for any fiscal year, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of how the eligible enti-
ty will use funds awarded under this section to carry out the evidenced-based activities described in subsection (c) and provide per-sonalized learning experiences, applied learn-ing opportunities, and student-centered learning approaches, that are accessible and developmentally appropriate to all students. 
‘‘(2) A description of how the eligible enti-
ty will sustain the activities proposed, in-cluding the availability of funds from non- Federal sources and coordination with other Federal, State, and local funds. 
‘‘(3) A plan to use current regional labor 
market information and engage employers and community-based organizations in the development of work-based learning opportu-nities, particularly those in STEM-related fields, including computer science, and other curriculum revisions under subsection (c). 
‘‘(4) A plan to address the needs of students 
with disabilities, English language learners, and students who are significantly over-aged 
and under-credited, in the activities under subsection (c). 
‘‘(5) The performance indicators and tar-
gets the eligible entity will use to assess the effectiveness of the activities implemented under this section disaggregated by the cat-egories of students described in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi), including— 
‘‘(A) the number and percentage of stu-
dents who successfully transitioned from 8th to 9th grade; 
‘‘(B) student achievement data, including 
the number and percentage of students per-forming at a proficient level on State aca-demic assessments required under section 1111(b)(2); 
‘‘(C) the number and percentage of stu-
dents earning credit toward a postsecondary education credential, an industry-based cre-dential, or a postsecondary credential; and 
‘‘(D) the number and percentage of stu-
dents who are on-track to graduate high school, high school graduation rates, and dropout recovery (re-entry) rates. 
‘‘(6) A description of the articulation 
agreement that will be entered into with each institution of higher education that will receive funding under this part that re-quires postsecondary credit earned as a re-sult of the successful completion of a dual or concurrent enrollment course funded under this part to be treated as credit earned at the institution in the same manner as such credit would otherwise be earned at such in-stitution. 
‘‘(c) R
EQUIRED USES OF FUNDS .—An eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this sec-tion shall use funds to— 
‘‘(1) provide college and career pathways 
through such activities as— 
‘‘(A) implementing a college- and career- 
ready curriculum that integrates rigorous academics, career and technical education, and work-based learning for high school, in-cluding in STEM-related subject areas, in-cluding computer science; 
‘‘(B) in the case of eligible high schools, 
providing dual or concurrent enrollment courses, early college high school courses, or accelerated learning courses and other op-portunities to earn transferable postsec-
ondary education credit and industry-based credentials; and 
‘‘(C) designing curricula and sequences of 
courses so that students may simultaneously earn credits toward a high school diploma and earn an associate degree or at least 12 transferable postsecondary education credits toward a postsecondary degree at no cost to students or their families; 
‘‘(2) implement an early warning indicator 
system in eligible middle schools and eligible high schools to promote the continuous use of student data that results in actionable steps to inform and differentiate instruction and support and improve school climate, which may include the use of timely data re-ports that measures attendance, course per-formance, disciplinary actions, secondary and postsecondary education credit accumu-lation, and other on-track indicators for all students; 
‘‘(3) in the case of an eligible middle 
school, provide all students with the pre-requisite coursework necessary to prepare students for participation in rigorous and ad-vanced coursework at the high school level, including in STEM-related areas of coursework, including computer science; 
‘‘(4) provide credit recovery and dropout 
recovery programs; 
‘‘(5) provide evidence-based middle school 
to high school, and high school to postsec-ondary education, transition programs and supports; and 
‘‘(6) provide teachers, principals, and other 
school leaders with ongoing high-quality professional development to support the ac-
tivities described under this subsection. 
‘‘(d) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—An eligi-
ble entity shall use Federal funds received under this part only to supplement the funds that would, in the absence of such Federal funds, be made available from other Federal and non-Federal sources for the activities de-scribed in this section, and not to supplant such funds. 
‘‘SEC. 5914. REPORTS. 
‘‘Each eligible entity receiving a grant 
under this part shall collect and report annu-ally to the public and the Secretary such in-formation on the results of the activities as-sisted under the grant as the Secretary may reasonably require, including performance on the indicators described in section 5913(b)(5) disaggregated by each of the cat-egories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A). 
‘‘SEC. 5915. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SA 2191. Mr. BOOKER (for himself 
and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 306, after line 23, add the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(V) conducting, and publicly reporting 
the results of, an annual assessment of edu-cator support and working conditions that— 
‘‘(i) evaluates supports for teachers, lead-
ers, and other school personnel, such as— 
‘‘(I) teacher and principal perceptions of 
availability of high-quality professional de-velopment and instructional materials; 
‘‘(II) timely availability of data on student 
academic achievement and growth; 
‘‘(III) the presence of high-quality instruc-
tional leadership; and 
‘‘(IV) opportunities for professional 
growth, such as career ladders and men-toring and induction programs; 
‘‘(ii) evaluates working conditions for 
teachers, leaders and other school personnel, such as— 
‘‘(I) school climate; ‘‘(II) school safety; ‘‘(III) class size; ‘‘(IV) availability and use of common plan-
ning time and opportunities to collaborate; and 
‘‘(V) community engagement; ‘‘(iii) is developed with teachers, leaders, 
other school personnel, parents, students, and the community; and 
‘‘(iv) includes the development and imple-
mentation of a plan with the groups de-scribed in clause (iii), that shall be publicly reported and shall include, at a minimum, annual benchmarks to address the results of the assessment described in this subpara-graph; and 
SA 2192. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. S CHU-
MER, and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.071 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4973 July 9, 2015 
child achieves; which was ordered to lie 
on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 1020 ll. PROHIBITION ON MARKETING OF 
ELECTRONIC CIGARETTES TO CHIL-DREN. 
(a) E LECTRONIC CIGARETTE DEFINED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), in this section, the term ‘‘elec-tronic cigarette’’ means any electronic de-vice that delivers nicotine, flavor, or other chemicals via a vaporized solution to the user inhaling from the device, including any component, liquid, part, or accessory of such a device, whether or not sold separately. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘electronic cigarette’’ shall not include any product that— 
(A) has been approved by the Food and 
Drug Administration for sale as a tobacco cessation product or for other therapeutic purposes; and 
(B) is marketed and sold solely for a pur-
pose approved as described in subparagraph (A). 
(b) P
ROHIBITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—No person may advertise, 
promote, or market in commerce in a State described in paragraph (2) an electronic ciga-rette in a manner that— 
(A) the person knows or should know is 
likely to contribute towards initiating or in-creasing the use of electronic cigarettes by children who are younger than 18 years of age; or 
(B) the Federal Trade Commission deter-
mines, regardless of when or where the ad-vertising, promotion, or marketing occurs, affects or appeals to children described in subparagraph (A). 
(2) C
OVERED STATES .—A State described in 
this paragraph is a State in which the sale of an electronic cigarette to a child who is younger than 18 years of age is prohibited by a provision of Federal or State law. 
(c) E
NFORCEMENT BY FEDERAL TRADE COM-
MISSION .— 
(1) U NFAIR OR DECEPTIVE ACT OR PRACTICE .— 
A violation of subsection (b)(1) shall be treated as a violation of a rule defining an unfair or deceptive act or practice described under section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 57a(a)(1)(B)). 
(2) P
OWERS OF COMMISSION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Federal Trade Com-
mission shall enforce this section in the 
same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though all applicable terms and provisions of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.) were incorporated into and made a part of this section. 
(B) P
RIVILEGES AND IMMUNITIES .—Any per-
son who violates this section shall be subject to the penalties and entitled to the privi-leges and immunities provided in the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.). 
(C) R
ULEMAKING .—The Federal Trade Com-
mission shall promulgate standards and rules to carry out this section in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code. 
(d) E
NFORCEMENT BY STATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In any case in which the 
attorney general of a State has reason to be-lieve that an interest of the residents of the State has been or is threatened or adversely affected by the engagement of any person subject to subsection (b)(1) in a practice that violates such subsection, the attorney gen-eral of the State may, as parens patriae, bring a civil action on behalf of the residents of the State in an appropriate district court of the United States— 
(A) to enjoin further violation of such sub-
section by such person; 
(B) to compel compliance with such sub-
section; (C) to obtain damages, restitution, or other 
compensation on behalf of such residents; 
(D) to obtain such other relief as the court 
considers appropriate; or 
(E) to obtain civil penalties in the amount 
determined under paragraph (2). 
(2) C
IVIL PENALTIES .— 
(A) C ALCULATION .—For purposes of impos-
ing a civil penalty under paragraph (1)(E) with respect to a person who violates sub-section (b)(1), the amount determined under this paragraph is the amount calculated by multiplying the number of days that the per-son is not in compliance with subsection (b)(1) by an amount not greater than $16,000. 
(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—Begin-
ning on the date on which the Bureau of Labor Statistics first publishes the Con-sumer Price Index after the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the amounts 
specified in subparagraph (A) shall be in-creased by the percentage increase in the Consumer Price Index published on that date from the Consumer Price Index published the previous year. 
(3) R
IGHTS OF FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION .— 
(A) N OTICE TO FEDERAL TRADE COMMIS -
SION.— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (iii), the attorney general of a State shall notify the Federal Trade Commission in writing that the attorney general intends to bring a civil action under paragraph (1) not later than 10 days before initiating the civil action. 
(ii) C
ONTENTS .—The notification required 
by clause (i) with respect to a civil action shall include a copy of the complaint to be filed to initiate the civil action. 
(iii) E
XCEPTION .—If it is not feasible for the 
attorney general of a State to provide the notification required by clause (i) before ini-tiating a civil action under paragraph (1), the attorney general shall notify the Federal Trade Commission immediately upon insti-tuting the civil action. 
(B) I
NTERVENTION BY FEDERAL TRADE COM -
MISSION .—The Federal Trade Commission 
may— 
(i) intervene in any civil action brought by 
the attorney general of a State under para-graph (1); and 
(ii) upon intervening— (I) be heard on all matters arising in the 
civil action; and 
(II) file petitions for appeal of a decision in 
the civil action. 
(4) I
NVESTIGATORY POWERS .—Nothing in 
this subsection may be construed to prevent the attorney general of a State from exer-cising the powers conferred on the attorney general by the laws of the State to conduct investigations, to administer oaths or affir-mations, or to compel the attendance of wit-nesses or the production of documentary or other evidence. 
(5) P
REEMPTIVE ACTION BY FEDERAL TRADE  
COMMISSION .—If the Federal Trade Commis-
sion institutes a civil action or an adminis-trative action with respect to a violation of subsection (b)(1), the attorney general of a State may not, during the pendency of such action, bring a civil action under paragraph (1) against any defendant named in the com-plaint of the Commission for the violation with respect to which the Commission insti-tuted such action. 
(6) V
ENUE ; SERVICE OF PROCESS .— 
(A) V ENUE .—Any action brought under 
paragraph (1) may be brought in— 
(i) the district court of the United States 
that meets applicable requirements relating to venue under section 1391 of title 28, United States Code; or 
(ii) another court of competent jurisdic-
tion. (B) S
ERVICE OF PROCESS .—In an action 
brought under paragraph (1), process may be served in any district in which the defend-ant— 
(i) is an inhabitant; or (ii) may be found. (7) A
CTIONS BY OTHER STATE OFFICIALS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—In addition to civil ac-
tions brought by attorneys general under paragraph (1), any other officer of a State who is authorized by the State to do so may bring a civil action under paragraph (1), sub-ject to the same requirements and limita-tions that apply under this subsection to civil actions brought by attorneys general. 
(B) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this 
subsection may be construed to prohibit an authorized official of a State from initiating or continuing any proceeding in a court of the State for a violation of any civil or criminal law of the State. 
(e) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to limit or diminish the authority of the Food and Drug Administra-tion to regulate the marketing of electronic cigarettes, including the marketing of elec-tronic cigarettes to children. 
(f) R
ELATION TO STATE LAW.—This section 
shall not be construed as superseding, alter-ing, or affecting any provision of law of a State, except to the extent that such provi-sion of law is inconsistent with the provi-sions of this section, and then only to the ex-tent of the inconsistency. 
SA 2193. Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ARKEY , 
and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 783, between lines 11 and 12, insert 
the following: 
(2) in section 9572 (as redesignated by sec-
tion 4001(5)), by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(6) S
MOKING .—The term ‘smoking’ means 
the use of any tobacco or tobacco-derived product, including an electronic cigarette.’’. 
SA 2194. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself 
and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 110, strike lines 7 through 17 and 
insert the following: 
‘‘(1) I NFORMATION FOR PARENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—At the beginning of each 
school year, a local educational agency that receives funds under this part shall notify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this part that the parents may request, and the agency will provide the parents on request (and in a timely manner), information regarding any State or local educational agency policy, procedure, or parental right regarding stu-dent participation in any mandated assess-ments for that school year, in addition to in-formation regarding the professional quali-fications of the student’s classroom teachers, including at a minimum, the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.071 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4974 July 9, 2015 
SA 2195. Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. 
CARDIN , Ms. M IKULSKI , and Ms. C OL-
LINS) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 132, line 1, insert ‘‘school-based 
mental health programs,’’ after ‘‘coun-seling,’’. 
SA 2196. Mrs. BOXER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 10202. SOS CAMPUS ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Survivor Outreach and Support Campus Act’’ or the ‘‘SOS Campus Act’’. 
(b) I
NDEPENDENT ADVOCATE FOR CAMPUS  
SEXUAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RE-
SPONSE .—Part B of title I of the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1011 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 124. INDEPENDENT ADVOCATE FOR CAM-
PUS SEXUAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RESPONSE. 
‘‘(a) A DVOCATE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) D ESIGNATION .—Each institution of 
higher education that receives Federal finan-cial assistance under title IV shall designate an independent advocate for campus sexual assault prevention and response (referred to in this section as the ‘Advocate’) who shall be appointed based on experience and a dem-onstrated ability of the individual to effec-tively provide sexual assault victim services. 
‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION OF EXISTENCE OF AND IN -
FORMATION FOR THE ADVOCATE .—Each em-
ployee of an institution described in subpara-graph (A) who receives a report of sexual as-sault shall notify the victim of the existence of, contact information for, and services pro-vided by the Advocate of the institution. 
‘‘(C) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of the Sur-vivor Outreach and Support Campus Act, the Secretary shall prescribe regulations for in-stitutions to follow in appointing Advocates under this section. At a minimum, each Ad-vocate shall— 
‘‘(i) report to an individual outside the 
body responsible for investigating and adju-dicating sexual assault complaints at the in-stitution; and 
‘‘(ii) submit to such individual an annual 
report summarizing how the resources sup-plied to the advocate were used, including the number of male and female sexual as-sault victims assisted. 
‘‘(2) R
OLE OF THE ADVOCATE .—In carrying 
out the responsibilities described in this sec-tion, the Advocate shall represent the inter-ests of the student victim even when in con-flict with the interests of the institution. The Advocate may not be disciplined, penal-ized, or otherwise retaliated against by the institution for representing the interest of the victim, in the event of a conflict of inter-est with the institution. 
‘‘(b) S
EXUAL ASSAULT .—In this section, the 
term ‘sexual assault’ means penetration, no matter how slight, of the vagina or anus with any body part or object, or oral pene-tration by a sex organ of another person, without the consent of the victim, including when the victim is incapable of giving con-
sent. 
‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF THE ADVOCATE .— 
Each Advocate shall carry out the following, regardless of whether the victim wishes the victim’s report to remain confidential: 
‘‘(1)(A) Ensure that victims of sexual as-
sault at the institution receive, with the vic-tim’s consent, the following sexual assault victim’s assistance services available 24 hours a day: 
‘‘(i) Information on how to report a campus 
sexual assault to law enforcement. 
‘‘(ii) Emergency medical care, including 
follow up medical care as requested. 
‘‘(iii) Medical forensic or evidentiary ex-
aminations. 
‘‘(B) Ensure that victims of sexual assault 
at the institution receive, with the victim’s consent, the following sexual assault vic-tim’s assistance services: 
‘‘(i) Crisis intervention counseling and on-
going counseling. 
‘‘(ii) Information on the victim’s rights 
and referrals to additional support services. 
‘‘(iii) Information on legal services. 
‘‘(C) The services described in subpara-
graphs (A) and (B) may be provided either— 
‘‘(i) pursuant to a memorandum of under-
standing (that includes transportation serv-ices), at a rape crisis center, legal organiza-tion, or other community-based organization located within a reasonable distance from the institution; or 
‘‘(ii) on the campus of the institution in 
consultation with a rape crisis center, legal organization, or other community-based or-ganization. 
‘‘(D) A victim of sexual assault may not be 
disciplined, penalized, or otherwise retali-ated against for reporting such assault to the Advocate. 
‘‘(2) Guide victims of sexual assault who 
request assistance through the reporting, counseling, administrative, medical and health, academic accommodations, or legal processes of the institution or local law en-forcement. 
‘‘(3) Attend, at the request of the victim of 
sexual assault, any administrative or insti-tution-based adjudication proceeding related to such assault as an advocate for the vic-tim. 
‘‘(4) Maintain the privacy and confiden-
tiality of the victim and any witness of such sexual assault, and shall not notify the insti-tution or any other authority of the identity of the victim or any such witness or the al-leged circumstances surrounding the re-ported sexual assault, unless otherwise re-quired by the applicable laws in the State where such institution is located. 
‘‘(5) Conduct a public information cam-
paign to inform the students enrolled at the institution of the existence of, contact infor-mation for, and services provided by the Ad-vocate, including— 
‘‘(A) posting information— ‘‘(i) on the website of the institution; ‘‘(ii) in student orientation materials; and ‘‘(iii) on posters displayed in dormitories, 
cafeterias, sports arenas, locker rooms, en-tertainment facilities, and classrooms; and 
‘‘(B) training coaches, faculty, school ad-
ministrators, resident advisors, and other staff to provide information on the existence of, contact information for, and services pro-vided by the Advocate. 
‘‘(d) C
LERY ACT AND TITLE IX.—Nothing in 
this section shall alter or amend the rights, duties, and responsibilities under section 485(f) or title IX of the Education Amend-ments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) (also known as the Patsy Takemoto Mink Equal Opportunity in Education Act).’’. 
SA 2197. Mrs. GILLIBRAND sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-
mitted by Mr. A LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part B of title X, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 10202. REPORT ON CYBERSECURITY EDU-
CATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than June 1, 
2016, the Secretary of Education shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, a report describing whether secondary and postsecondary education cur-ricula are meeting the need of public and pri-vate sectors for cyberdefense. Such report shall include— 
(1) an assessment of learning outcomes re-
quired for future cybersecurity professionals; 
(2) an assessment of the shortfalls in cur-
rent secondary and postsecondary education needed to develop cybersecurity profes-sionals, and recommendations to address such shortfalls; 
(3) an assessment of successful secondary 
and postsecondary programs that produce competent cybersecurity professionals; 
(4) recommendations of subjects to be cov-
ered by elementary schools and secondary schools to better prepare students for post-secondary cybersecurity education; and 
(5) an assessment of which additional re-
sources the Secretary, State educational agencies, and local educational agencies may need to meet the recommendations described in paragraph (4). 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘elementary school’’, ‘‘local educational agency’’, ‘‘secondary school’’, and ‘‘State educational agency’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
SA 2198. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 64, strike lines 1 through 14. 
On page 126, strike lines 8 through 11. On page 134, strike lines 10 through 15. On page 137, strike lines 3 through 7. Beginning on page 181, strike line 19 and 
all that follows through line 6 on page 183. 
On page 292, lines 16 and 17, strike ‘‘, early 
childhood directors’’. 
On page 293, lines 8 and 9, strike ‘‘, children 
who are in early childhood education pro-grams’’. 
On page 346, line 18, strike ‘‘early edu-
cation’’ and insert ‘‘kindergarten’’. 
On page 346, lines 21 and 22, strike ‘‘State- 
designated early childhood education pro-grams and’’. 
Beginning on page 349, strike line 21 and 
all that follows through line 2 on page 350. 
On page 350, lines 5 and 6, strike ‘‘, or a 
State-designated early childhood education program’’. 
On page 350, lines 10 and 11, strike ‘‘(which 
may include State-designated early child-hood education programs)’’. 
On page 352, line 17, strike ‘‘early child-
hood education’’ and insert ‘‘kindergarten’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.070 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4975 July 9, 2015 
Beginning on page 353, strike ‘‘The State’’ 
on line 23 and all that follows through line 5 on page 354. 
On page 357, lines 14 and 15, strike ‘‘early 
education’’ and insert ‘‘kindergarten’’. 
Beginning on page 358, strike line 7 and all 
that follows through line 4 on page 361. 
On page 363, line 6, strike ‘‘early childhood 
education and’’. 
On page 364, lines 16 and 17, strike ‘‘early 
childhood education program staff,’’. 
On page 388, line 9, strike ‘‘early childhood 
educators,’’. 
On page 388, line 16, strike ‘‘early child-
hood educators,’’. 
On page 390, lines 22 and 23, strike ‘‘, in-
cluding those in early childhood settings’’. 
On page 400, lines 2 and 3, strike ‘‘, includ-
ing early childhood education programs’’. 
On page 405, line 14, strike ‘‘, including 
early childhood educators’’. 
On page 416, strike lines 14 through 18 and 
insert the following: 
‘‘(6) as appropriate, to coordinate the tran-
sition of English learners from early child-hood education programs, such as Head Start or State-run preschool programs, to elemen-tary programs; 
On page 423, lines 19 and 20, strike ‘‘, in-
cluding children in early childhood edu-cation programs’’. 
On page 443, lines 8 and 9, strike ‘‘early 
childhood, elementary school,’’ and insert ‘‘elementary school’’. 
On page 448, line 18, strike ‘‘early child-
hood,’’. 
On page 495, line 11, strike ‘‘early child-
hood, elementary school,’’ and insert ‘‘ele-mentary school’’. 
On page 517, strike lines 16 through 19. On page 519, strike lines 1 through 5. On page 578, lines 6 and 7, strike ‘‘preschool 
and’’. 
On page 579, line 9, strike ‘‘Head Start pro-
viders,’’. 
On page 579, lines 10 and 11, strike ‘‘, early 
childhood development personnel’’. 
On page 579, line 14, strike ‘‘preschool 
and’’. 
On page 580, line 7, strike ‘‘preschool and’’. Beginning on page 609, strike line 22 and 
all that follows through line 4 on page 610. 
Beginning on page 611, strike line 12 and 
all that follows through line 4 on page 630. 
On page 668, strike lines 10 through 11. On page 676, strike lines 1 through 8. Beginning on page 706, strike line 3 and all 
that follows through line 5 on page 707. 
On page 760, strike lines 1 through 4. 
SA 2199. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 306, after line 23, insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(V) providing educator training to in-
crease students’ entrepreneurship skills; and 
SA 2200. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part B of title X, add the fol-
lowing: SEC. llll . ESTABLISHING A SPECIAL COM-
MITTEE ON CHILDREN. 
(a) S PECIAL COMMITTEE ESTABLISHED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established a spe-
cial committee of the Senate to be known as the Special Committee on Children (herein-after in this section referred to as the ‘‘spe-cial committee’’). 
(2) M
EMBERS .—The special committee shall 
consist of 19 members, including a chairman. The members and the chairman of the spe-cial committee shall be appointed in the same manner and at the same time as the members and chairman of a standing com-mittee of the Senate. 
(b) T
REATED AS A STANDING COMMITTEE OF  
THESENATE .—For purposes of paragraph 4 of 
rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, and for purposes of section 202 of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301), the special committee shall be treated as a standing committee of the Sen-ate. 
(c) D
UTY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—It shall be the duty of the 
special committee to conduct a continuing study of any and all matters pertaining to children and their welfare, including— 
(A) programs and services relating to the 
health, welfare, safety, housing, nutrition, education, economic stability, civil rights needs of children, and Federal programs and services that have a purpose of benefitting children or have the effect of benefitting children; and 
(B) the effectiveness of such programs and 
services. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—No proposed legislation 
shall be referred to the special committee, and the special committee shall not have power to report by bill or otherwise have leg-islative jurisdiction. 
(d) R
EPORT .—The special committee shall, 
from time to time (but not less than once a year), report to the Senate the results of the study conducted pursuant to subsection (c)(1), together with such recommendations as the special committee considers appro-priate. 
(e) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—The special 
committee, or any duly authorized sub-committee thereof, is authorized, in its dis-cretion to— 
(1) make investigations into any matter 
within its jurisdiction; 
(2) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(3) employ personnel; (4) hold hearings; (5) sit and act at such places and times 
during the sessions, recesses, and adjourned periods of the Senate; 
(6) require, by subpoena or otherwise, the 
attendance of such witnesses and the produc-tion of such books, papers, and documents, administer such oaths, take such testimony, procure such printing and binding, and make such other expenditures as it deems advis-able; 
(7) take depositions and other testimony; (8) procure the service of individual con-
sultants or organizations thereof (as author-ized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reor-ganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i)); and 
(9) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
(f) P
OWER TO ADMINISTER OATHS .—The 
chairman of the special committee or any member thereof may administer oaths to witnesses. 
(g) S
UBPOENAS .—Subpoenas authorized by 
the special committee may be issued over the signature of the chairman, or any mem-ber of the special committee designated by the chairman, and may be served by any per-son designated by the chairman or the mem-
ber signing the subpoena. 
(h) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members 
of the special committee, or any sub-committee thereof, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, ex-cept that a lesser number, to be fixed by the committee, shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of taking sworn testimony. 
(i) E
NACTMENT .—This section is enacted by 
Congress— 
(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the Senate, and as such it is deemed a part of the rules of the Senate, and it supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is in-consistent with such rules; and 
(2) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of the Senate to change the rules relating to the procedure of the Senate at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of the Senate. 
SA 2201. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 37, strike line 24 and all 
that follows through page 38, line 4, and in-sert the following: 
‘‘(iii) be used for purposes for which such 
assessments are valid and reliable, con-sistent with relevant, nationally recognized professional and technical testing standards, objectively measure academic achievement, knowledge, and skills, and be tests that do not evaluate or assess personal or family be-liefs and attitudes, or publicly disclose per-sonally identifiable information; 
SA 2202. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part B of title X, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 10204. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION SAL-
ARY CAP. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, the average salary of an employee of the Department of Education shall not be higher than the national average salary for a teach-er, as determined by data from the National Center for Education Statistics. 
SA 2203. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part B of title X, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 102 ll. FINDINGS AND SENSE OF THE SEN-
ATE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Departments of Labor, Health and 
Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (S. 1695, 114th Congress) (referred to in this section as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.072 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4976 July 9, 2015 
the ‘‘proposed appropriations Act’’), as re-
ported out of the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate on June 25, 2015, reduces investments in critical middle-class prior-ities by $3,575,000,000, compared to the appro-priation levels enacted for fiscal year 2015. 
(2) The proposed appropriations Act re-
duces investments in critical middle-class priorities by $13,231,000,000, compared to the Democratic funding alternative that is con-sistent with pre-sequester funding levels pro-vided in the Budget Control Act of 2011 (Pub-lic Law 112–25; 125 Stat. 240). 
(3) These funding cuts would bring Federal 
investments in programs under the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) to their lowest levels since fiscal year 2002. 
(4) Of the lowest-achieving 5 percent of 
schools that receive funds under part A of title I of such Act (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.), about two-thirds of students do not meet grade level standards. 
(5) The proposed appropriations Act cuts 
funding for part A of title I of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) by $850,000,000, compared to the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget re-quest and the Democratic funding alter-native offered in the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate. 
(6) Research consistently shows that high- 
quality early education is critical to the edu-cational development of every child. 
(7) The proposed appropriations Act pro-
vides no funding for preschool development grants, a cut of $750,000,000 compared to the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget request and the Democratic funding alternative of-fered in Committee. 
(8) The education funding cuts in the pro-
posed appropriations Act are largely the re-sult of the artificial and arbitrary spending caps triggered by the lack of a bipartisan budget agreement as envisioned by the Budg-et Control Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–25; 125 Stat. 240). 
(9) Congress has previously provided relief 
from these cuts in the form of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67; 127 Stat. 1165), which provided relief from se-questration equally for defense and non-defense investments for fiscal years 2014 and 2015. 
(b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense 
of the Senate that— 
(1) the fiscal and economic challenges of 
the United States are a top priority for Con-gress, and the deep, automatic budget cuts of sequestration remains an unreasonable and inadequate budgeting tool either to address the deficits and debt of the Nation or provide the resources needed to educate our children and grow the economy; 
(2) this Act was supported unanimously in 
Committee; 
(3) fulfilling the promise of this Act will 
require Congress to provide funding at levels above sequestration; 
(4) Congress should immediately begin ne-
gotiations on a successor to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67; 127 Stat. 1165) that provides equal relief from se-questration for defense and nondefense in-vestments, including education, for fiscal year 2016 and beyond; and 
(5) for fiscal year 2016, Congress should pro-
vide $18,554,875,000 for key programs under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and other education programs, as amended by this Act and consistent with the pre-sequester funding levels called for by the bipartisan Budget Control Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–25; 125 Stat. 240), including— 
(A) programs under part A of title I of the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; (B) the striving readers comprehensive lit-
eracy program under part E of title I of such Act, as such Act was in effect on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this Act, or its successor; 
(C) the 21st century community learning 
centers program under part B of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; 
(D) English language acquisition grants 
under title III of such Act; 
(E) preschool development grants under 
title XIV of division A of the American Re-covery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 112–10); and 
(F) investing in innovation grants under 
such title. 
SA 2204. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 63, line 3, insert ‘‘, including plans 
for engaging and supporting principals and other school leaders responsible for improv-ing early childhood alignment with their ele-mentary school, supporting teachers in un-derstanding the transition between early learning to kindergarten, and increasing par-ent and community engagement’’ after ‘‘pro-grams’’. 
On page 80, between lines 2 and 3, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(xviii) If the State uses funds under this 
part for preschool services, information that shows how children younger than the manda-tory age of school entry are served directly by a local educational agency, or through contract or other collaboration with early childhood programs, including early child-hood home visitation programs, as described under section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711), including— 
‘‘(I) the number of children served, 
disaggregated by income, race, and disability status; 
‘‘(II) a description of the services received; 
and 
‘‘(III) the amount the State spent using 
grant funds under this part on services for such children. 
On page 80, line 3, strike ‘‘(xviii)’’ and in-
sert ‘‘(xix)’’. 
On page 265, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(xiv) Supporting principals, other school 
leaders, teachers, teacher leaders, para-professionals, early childhood center direc-tors, and other early childhood providers to participate in efforts to align State early learning guidelines with State academic and other standards, curriculum, and assessment practices from prekindergarten to the third grade and promote quality early learning ex-periences from birth through age 8. 
On 265, line 18, strike ‘‘(xiv)’’ and insert 
‘‘(xv)’’. 
Beginning on page 283, strike line 22 and 
all that follows through page 284, line 3, and insert the following: ‘‘leadership com-petencies of principals on instruction in the early grades, developmentally appropriate strategies to measure whether young chil-dren are progressing, and principals’ ability to support teachers, teacher leaders, early childhood educators, and other professionals in the school learning community to meet the needs of students through age 8, which may include providing joint professional learning and planning activities for school staff and educators in preschool programs that address the transition to elementary school, and promoting effective prekinder-garten through grade 3 alignment;’’. SA 2205. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 274, between lines 21 and 22, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(xi) increasing and improving opportuni-
ties for teachers to take on meaningful lead-ership roles and responsibilities for addi-tional compensation without having to leave their role as teacher; and 
On page 277, between lines 6 and 7, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(F) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will increase and improve opportunities for meaningful teacher leader-ship in order to positively impact student achievement, build the capacity of teachers, and effectively negotiate or collaborate with principals, teachers and representatives of teachers, and local educational agency lead-ers. 
On page 285, after line 25, insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(O) providing additional compensation for 
teachers or making other systemic changes to create or enhance opportunities for mean-ingful teacher leadership, such as initiatives that include— 
‘‘(i) increased time for common planning, 
within and across content areas and grade levels; 
‘‘(ii) designated time for effective teachers 
to— 
‘‘(I) receive training on mentoring; and ‘‘(II) plan and execute mentoring activi-
ties; 
‘‘(iii) career ladders and lattices, providing 
for additional pay for professional growth, which may include hybrid roles in which teachers lead from the classroom; 
‘‘(iv) teacher-designed and teacher-imple-
mented professional development activities; 
‘‘(v) opportunities for experiential and pro-
fessional learning, which may include obser-vation; 
‘‘(vi) feedback mechanisms for continuous 
improvement of school environment and ac-tivities, including school working conditions and the social-emotional well-being of teach-ers; 
‘‘(vii) the development of policy collabo-
ratively by teachers, and the representatives of teachers, and the leaders of the school, local educational agency, community, or State; and 
‘‘(viii) other innovative approaches to le-
verage teacher leadership; and 
On page 296, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(F) training and supporting principals to 
identify, develop, and maintain school lead-ership teams, which shall include teacher leaders and others as designated by the prin-
cipal, using various leadership models, ex-cept that such models shall not include forced or involuntary transfers; and 
SA 2206. Mr. THUNE (for himself and 
Mrs. F ISCHER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part B of title X, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . CERTAIN EDUCATIONAL INSTITU-
TIONS EXEMPT FROM EMPLOYER HEALTH INSURANCE MANDATE. 
(a) E XEMPTION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.073 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4977 July 9, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4980H(c)(2) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: 
‘‘(F) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN EDUCATIONAL  
INSTITUTIONS .—The term ‘applicable large 
employer’ shall not include— 
‘‘(i) any elementary school or secondary 
school (as such terms are defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965), 
‘‘(ii) any local educational agency or State 
educational agency (as such terms are de-fined in section 9101 of such Act), and 
‘‘(iii) any institution of higher education 
(as such term is defined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965).’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by this subsection shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2014. 
(b) S
TUDY OF IMPACT ON EDUCATION .—The 
Secretary of Education shall— 
(1) study the impact of the employer 
health insurance mandate under section 4980H of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act and the impact of such mandate as in effect on the day after the date of enactment of this Act on— 
(A) in coordination with the national as-
sessment of title I under section 1501 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6491), the ability of State edu-cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, elementary schools, and secondary schools to meet the purposes of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); and 
(B) in coordination with the annual data 
collection conducted through the Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System de-scribed in section 132(i)(4) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1015a(i)(4)), the ability of institutions of higher education to maintain academic programs; and 
(2) not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, submit separate written reports to Congress with respect to the studies conducted under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1). 
SA 2207. Ms. MIKULSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 630, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 5011. PERFORMANCE PARTNERSHIPS PILOT 
PROGRAM FOR DISCONNECTED YOUTH. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part I, as added by section 5010, the following: 
PART J—PERFORMANCE PARTNERSHIPS 
PILOT PROGRAM FOR DISCONNECTED YOUTH 
SEC. 5911. PURPOSE; FINDINGS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this part is to 
authorize a performance partnerships pilot program for disconnected youth to promote coordination between Federal agencies in order to improve outcomes for disconnected youth in communities. 
(b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Recent events in communities across 
the United States have illustrated, in part, the importance of improving opportunities, outcomes, and services for disconnected pop-ulations. (2) One in 6 youth, nationwide, are not con-
nected to the labor force. 
(3) There are 2,500,000 children being raised 
by parents who were disconnected youth themselves. 
(4) The United States has a responsibility 
to improve outcomes for disconnected youth by investing in innovative strategies to ad-dress the needs of disconnected populations. 
(5) The Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate has recognized the value in in-vesting in such partnerships and has sup-ported Performance Partnership Pilots for Disconnected Youth in recent appropriations bills for the Departments of Health, Human Services, and Education, and related agen-cies. 
SEC. 5912. PERFORMANCE PARTNERSHIPS PILOT 
PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) D ISCONNECTED YOUTH .—The term ‘‘dis-
connected youth’’ means an individual who— 
(A) is between the ages 14 to 24, inclusive; 
and 
(B)(i) is homeless, in foster care, or in-
volved with the criminal justice system; or 
(ii) is not working and not enrolled in an 
elementary school, secondary school, insti-tution of higher education, or other edu-cational institution. 
(2) P
ARTICIPATING FEDERAL AGENCY .—The 
term ‘‘participating Federal agency’’ means the Department of Education, the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, the De-partment of Labor, and the Corporation for National and Community Service, as appro-priate based on the specific Performance Partnership Pilot involved. 
(3) P
ERFORMANCE PARTNERSHIP PILOT .—The 
term ‘‘Performance Partnership Pilot’’ is a project that seeks to identify, through a demonstration, cost-effective strategies for providing services at the State, regional, or local level that— 
(A) involve 2 or more Federal programs 
(administered by one or more Federal agen-cies)— 
(i) which have related policy goals, and (ii) at least one of which is administered 
(in whole or in part) by a State, local, or tribal government; and 
(B) achieve better results for regions, com-
munities, or specific at-risk populations through making better use of the budgetary resources that are available for supporting such programs. 
(4) L
EAD FEDERAL ADMINISTERING AGENCY .— 
The term ‘‘lead Federal administering agen-cy’’ is the Federal agency, to be designated by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (from among the participating Federal agencies that have statutory respon-sibility for the Federal discretionary funds that will be used in a Performance Partner-ship Pilot), that will enter into and admin-ister the particular performance partnership agreement on behalf of that agency and the other participating Federal agencies. 
(b) F
LEXIBILITY OF FUNDS .—Participating 
Federal agencies may carry out not more than 10 Performance Partnership Pilots under this section. Each Performance Part-nership Pilot shall— 
(1) provide flexibility to the entities par-
ticipating in the Performance Partnership Pilot with respect to discretionary funds under the authority of the participating Fed-eral agencies, as specified in the performance partnership agreement; 
(2) be designed to improve outcomes for 
disconnected youth, by increasing the rate at which disconnected youth achieve success in meeting educational, employment, or other key goals; and 
(3) involve Federal programs targeted to 
disconnected youth, or designed to prevent youth from disconnecting from school or work, that provide education, training, em-
ployment, and other related social services. 
(c) P
ERFORMANCE PARTNERSHIP AGREE -
MENTS .—Federal agencies may use Federal 
funds, as authorized in subsection (b), to par-ticipate in a Performance Partnership Pilot only in accordance with the terms of a per-formance partnership agreement that— 
(1) is entered into between— (A) the head of the lead Federal admin-
istering agency, on behalf of all of the par-ticipating Federal agencies (subject to the head of the lead Federal administering agen-cy having received from the heads of each of the other participating agencies their writ-ten concurrence for entering into the agree-ment), and 
(B) the respective representatives of all of 
the State, local, or tribal governments that are participating in the agreement; and 
(2) specifies, at a minimum, the following 
information: 
(A) The length of the agreement (which 
shall not extend for more than 3 years after the date upon which the parties enter into the agreement). 
(B) The Federal programs and federally 
funded services that are involved in the Per-formance Partnership Pilot. 
(C) The Federal funds that are being used 
in the Performance Partnership Pilot (by the respective Federal account identifier, and the total amount from such account that is being used in the Performance Partnership Pilot) in accordance with subsection (b)(1), and any period of availability for obligation (by the Federal Government) of any such funds. 
(D) The non-Federal funds that are in-
volved in the Performance Partnership Pilot, by source (which may include private funds as well as governmental funds) and by amount. 
(E) The State, local, or tribal programs 
that are involved in the Performance Part-nership Pilot. 
(F) The populations to be served by the 
Performance Partnership Pilot. 
(G) The cost-effective Federal oversight 
procedures that will be used for the purpose of maintaining the necessary level of ac-countability for the use of the Federal dis-cretionary funds. 
(H) The cost-effective State, local, or trib-
al oversight procedures that will be used for the purpose of maintaining the necessary level of accountability for the use of the Fed-eral discretionary funds. 
(I) The outcome (or outcomes) that the 
Performance Partnership Pilot is designed to achieve. 
(J) The appropriate, reliable, and objective 
outcome-measurement methodology that the Federal Government and the participating State, local, or tribal governments will use, in carrying out the Pilot, to determine whether the Performance Partnership Pilot is achieving, and has achieved, the specified outcomes that the Performance Partnership Pilot is designed to achieve. 
(K) The statutory, regulatory, or adminis-
trative requirements related to Federal man-datory programs that are barriers to achiev-ing improved outcomes of the Pilot. 
(L) In cases where, during the course of the 
Performance Partnership Pilot, it is deter-mined that the Performance Partnership Pilot is not achieving the specified outcomes that it is designed to achieve— 
(i) the consequences that will result from 
such deficiencies with respect to the Federal discretionary funds that are being used in the Performance Partnership Pilot; and 
(ii) the corrective actions that will be 
taken in order to increase the likelihood that the Performance Partnership Pilot, upon completion, will have achieved such specified outcomes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.073 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4978 July 9, 2015 
(d) A GENCY HEADDETERMINATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A participating Federal 
agency may participate in a Performance Partnership Pilot (including by providing funds described in subsection (b)(1) that have been appropriated to such agency) only upon the written determination by the head of such agency that the agency’s participation in such Performance Partnership Pilot— 
(A) will not result in denying or restricting 
the eligibility of any individual for any of the services that (in whole or in part) are funded by the agency’s programs and Federal discretionary funds that are involved in the Performance Partnership Pilot, and 
(B) based on the best available informa-
tion, will not otherwise adversely affect vul-nerable populations that are the recipients of such services. 
(2) C
ONSIDERATION .—In making the deter-
mination under paragraph (1), the head of a 
participating Federal agency may take into consideration the other Federal funds de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) that will be used in the Pilot as well as any non-Federal funds (including from private sources as well as governmental sources) that will be used in the Performance Partnership Pilot. 
(e) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—For the purpose of car-
rying out the Performance Partnership Pilot in accordance with the performance partner-ship agreement, and subject to the written approval of the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget, the head of each par-ticipating Federal agency may transfer the Federal funds described in subsection (b)(1) that are being used in the Pilot to an ac-count of the lead Federal administering agency that includes other Federal discre-tionary funds that are being used in the Pilot. Subject to the waiver authority under subsection (f), such transferred funds shall remain available for the same purposes for which such funds were originally appro-priated, except as provided in paragraph (2). 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Funds transferred under 
paragraph (1) shall remain available for obli-gation by the Federal Government until the expiration of the period of availability for those Federal discretionary funds (which are being used in the Pilot) that have the long-est period of availability, except that any such transferred funds shall not remain available beyond (which shall not extend for more than 3 years after the date upon which the parties enter into the performance part-nership agreement). 
(f) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—In connection with 
the participation by a Federal participating agency in a Performance Partnership Pilot, and subject to the other provisions of this section (including subsection (e)), the head of the Federal participating agency to which Federal funds described in subsection (b)(1) were appropriated may waive (in whole or in part) the application, solely to such discre-tionary funds that are being used in the Pilot, of any statutory, regulatory, or ad-ministrative requirement that such agency head— 
(1) is otherwise authorized to waive (in ac-
cordance with the terms and conditions of such other authority), and 
(2) is not otherwise authorized to waive, 
except that— 
(A) the head of the agency shall not waive 
any requirement related to nondiscrimina-tion, wage and labor standards, or allocation of funds to State and substate levels; 
(B) the head of the agency shall issue, for 
any requirement described in this paragraph) a written determination, prior to granting the waiver, with respect to such discre-tionary funds that the granting of such waiv-er for purposes of the Performance Partner-ship Pilot— 
(i) is consistent with both— (I) the statutory purposes of the Federal 
program for which such discretionary funds were appropriated, and 
(II) the other provisions of this section, in-
cluding the written determination by the head of the agency issued under subsection (d); 
(ii) is necessary to achieve the outcomes of 
the Performance Partnership Pilot as speci-fied in the performance partnership agree-ment, and is no broader in scope than is nec-essary to achieve such outcomes; and 
(iii) will result in either— (I) realizing efficiencies by simplifying re-
porting burdens or reducing administrative barriers with respect to such discretionary funds, or 
(II) increasing the ability of individuals to 
obtain access to services that are provided by such discretionary funds; and 
(C) the head of the agency shall provide at 
least 60 days advance written notice to the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate, and all other com-mittees of jurisdiction in the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate. 
(g) A
PPLICABILITY TO EXISTING PERFORM -
ANCE PARTNERSHIP PILOTS .—Nothing in this 
part shall be construed to apply to any Per-formance Partnership Pilot carried out under the authority of section 524 of the De-partments of Labor, Health and Human Serv-ices, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–325; 128 Stat. 2522) or section 526 of the Depart-ment of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 413). 
SA 2208. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 72, between lines 19 and 20, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(L) assessments adopted pursuant to sub-
section (b) require students to spend on aver-age less than 2 percent of the average in-structional time taking such assessments (except in the case of assessments that are determined to be performance-based, com-petency-based, or to justify the additional time), where such calculation of time spent on such assessments shall not include any additional time spent taking assessments provided as an appropriate accommodation to children with disabilities or students with a disability who are provided accommoda-tions under another Act; 
SA 2209. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 20, line 18, insert ‘‘, periodically 
review those strategies and the resulting data, use that information to continuously improve the strategies,’’ after ‘‘title’’. 
On page 69, between lines 12 and 13, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(M) how the State will periodically re-
view and evaluate programs and activities under this part to assess progress toward im-proved student academic achievement, and how the State will use the results from such 
review or evaluation to refine and continu-ously improve such programs and activities; 
On page 106, between lines 23 and 24, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(17) how the local educational agency will 
periodically review and evaluate programs and activities under this part to assess progress toward improved student academic achievement, and how the local educational agency will use the results from such review or evaluation to refine and continuously im-prove such programs and activities; 
SA 2210. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 52, between lines 9 and 10, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(L) L IMITATION ON ASSESSMENT TIME .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-
ing an allocation under this part for any fis-cal year, each State shall— 
‘‘(I) set a limit on the aggregate amount of 
time devoted to the administration of assess-ments (including assessments adopted pursu-ant to this subsection, other assessments re-quired by the State, and assessments re-quired districtwide by the local educational agency) for each grade, expressed as a per-centage of annual instructional hours; and 
‘‘(II) ensure that each local educational 
agency in the State will notify the parents of each student attending any school in the local educational agency, on an annual basis, whenever the limitation described in sub-clause (I) is exceeded. 
‘‘(ii) C
HILDREN WITH DISABILITIES AND  
ENGLISH LEARNERS .—Nothing in clause (i) 
shall be construed to supersede the require-ments of Federal law relating to assessments that apply specifically to children with dis-abilities or English learners. 
SA 2211. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 111, between lines 24 and 25, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(2) T ESTING TRANSPARENCY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), each local educational agency that re-ceives funds under this part shall make wide-ly available through public means (including by posting in a clear, concise, and easily ac-cessible manner on the local educational agency’s website and, to the extent prac-ticable, on the website of each school served by the local educational agency) for each grade served by the local educational agency or school, information on each assessment required by the State to comply with section 1111, other assessments required by the State, and to the extent such information is available and feasible to report, assessments required districtwide by the local edu-cational agency, including— 
‘‘(i) the subject matter assessed; ‘‘(ii) the purpose for which the assessment 
is designed and used; 
‘‘(iii) the source of the requirement for the 
assessment; and 
‘‘(iv) to the extent such information is 
available— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.074 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4979 July 9, 2015 
‘‘(I) the amount of time students will spend 
taking the assessment, and the schedule and calendar for the assessment; and 
‘‘(II) the time and format for disseminating 
results. 
‘‘(B) LEA 
THAT DOES NOT OPERATE A  
WEBSITE .—In the case of a local educational 
agency that does not operate a website, such local educational agency shall determine how to make the information described in subparagraph (A) widely available, such as through distribution of that information to the media, through public agencies, or di-rectly to parents. 
SA 2212. Mr. BOOKER (for himself 
and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 306, after line 23, add the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(V) conducting, and publicly reporting 
the results of, an annual assessment of edu-cator support and working conditions that— 
‘‘(i) evaluates supports for teachers, lead-
ers, and other school personnel, such as— 
‘‘(I) teacher and principal perceptions of 
availability of high-quality professional de-velopment and instructional materials; 
‘‘(II) timely availability of data on student 
academic achievement and growth; 
‘‘(III) the presence of high-quality instruc-
tional leadership; and 
‘‘(IV) opportunities for professional 
growth, such as career ladders and men-toring and induction programs; 
‘‘(ii) evaluates working conditions for 
teachers, leaders and other school personnel, such as— 
‘‘(I) school climate; ‘‘(II) school safety; ‘‘(III) class size; ‘‘(IV) availability and use of common plan-
ning time and opportunities to collaborate; and 
‘‘(V) community engagement; ‘‘(iii) is developed with teachers, leaders, 
other school personnel, parents, students, and the community; and 
‘‘(iv) includes the development and imple-
mentation, with the groups described in clause (iii), of a plan to address the results of the assessment described in this subpara-graph, which shall be publicly reported; and 
SA 2213. Mr. VITTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . LIMITATION ON GRANTS TO SANC-
TUARY CITIES. 
Section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Re-
form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON GRANTS TO SANCTUARY  
CITIES .— 
‘‘(1) S ANCTUARY CITY DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘sanctuary city’ means a State or a political subdivision of a State that has in effect a statute, resolution, direc-tive, policy, or practice that— ‘‘(A) prohibits, or in any way restricts, an 
officer or employee— 
‘‘(i) from sending to, or receiving from, the 
Department of Homeland Security informa-tion regarding the citizenship or immigra-tion status of an individual; or 
‘‘(ii) from assisting or cooperating with 
Federal immigration law enforcement in the course of carrying out the officers’ routine law enforcement duties, including with re-spect to the issuance of federal detainers; or 
‘‘(B) is otherwise not in compliance with 
the requirements of subsection (a) or (b). 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON GRANTS .—A sanctuary 
city is not eligible to receive a grant under the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assist-ance Grant Program established pursuant to subpart 1 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3750 et seq.).’’. 
SA 2214. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mrs. 
FISCHER (for herself and Mr. N ELSON )) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1359, to allow manufacturers to meet warranty and labeling requirements for consumer products by displaying the terms of warranties on Internet websites, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
On page 3, line 21, strike ‘‘on’’ and insert 
‘‘for’’. 
On page 4, line 1, insert ‘‘, through elec-
tronic or other means,’’ after ‘‘available’’. 
On page 4, line 3, strike ‘‘on’’ and insert 
‘‘for’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 9, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 9, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 9, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding Amer-ica’s Long-Term Fiscal Picture.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on July 9, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-
ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 9, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that Amy Griffin, a fel-low in Senator F
RANKEN ’s office, be 
granted floor privileges during the re-mainder of this Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Boris Granovskiy, a fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of the 114th Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Molly John-son, an intern in my office, be granted floor privileges for the duration of to-day’s session in the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the following detailees, fellows, and interns on my Finance Committee staff be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the session: Sara Brundage, Jenni Greenlee, Daniel Hafner, Ernie Jolly, Jennifer Kay, Nolan Mayther, Alex-andra Menardy, Tori Miller, J’Lill Mitchell, Nikesh Patel, Angelique Salizan, and Jay Weismuller. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AMENDING THE UNITED STATES 
COTTON FUTURES ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 2620, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2620) to amend the United 
States Cotton Futures Act to exclude certain cotton futures contracts from coverage under such Act. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 2620) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.075 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4980 July 9, 2015 
UNITED STATES MERCHANT MA-
RINE ACADEMY IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 93, S. 143. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 143) to allow for improvements to 
the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 143) was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 143 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United 
States Merchant Marine Academy Improve-ments Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. MELVILLE HALL OF UNITED STATES MER-
CHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
(a) G IFT TO THE MERCHANT MARINE ACAD-
EMY.—The Maritime Administrator may ac-
cept a gift of money from the Foundation under section 51315 of title 46, United States Code, for the purpose of renovating Melville Hall on the campus of the United States Merchant Marine Academy. 
(b) C
OVERED GIFTS.—A gift described in 
this subsection is a gift under subsection (a) that the Maritime Administrator determines exceeds the sum of— 
(1) the minimum amount that is sufficient 
to ensure the renovation of Melville Hall in accordance with the capital improvement plan of the United States Merchant Marine Academy that was in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) 25 percent of the amount described in 
paragraph (1). 
(c) O
PERATION CONTRACTS .—Subject to sub-
section (d), in the case that the Maritime Administrator accepts a gift of money de-scribed in subsection (b), the Maritime Ad-ministrator may enter into a contract with the Foundation for the operation of Melville Hall to make available facilities for, among other possible uses, official academy func-tions, third-party catering functions, and in-dustry events and conferences. 
(d) C
ONTRACT TERMS .—The contract de-
scribed in subsection (c) shall be for such pe-riod and on such terms as the Maritime Ad-ministrator considers appropriate, including a provision, mutually agreeable to the Mari-time Administrator and the Foundation, that— 
(1) requires the Foundation— (A) at the expense solely of the Foundation 
through the term of the contract to main-tain Melville Hall in a condition that is as good as or better than the condition Melville Hall was in on the later of— 
(i) the date that the renovation of Melville 
Hall was completed; or 
(ii) the date that the Foundation accepted 
Melville Hall after it was tendered to the Foundation by the Maritime Administrator; and (B) to deposit all proceeds from the oper-
ation of Melville Hall, after expenses nec-essary for the operation and maintenance of Melville Hall, into the account of the Regi-mental Affairs Non-Appropriated Fund In-strumentality or successor entity, to be used solely for the morale and welfare of the ca-dets of the United States Merchant Marine Academy; and 
(2) prohibits the use of Melville Hall as 
lodging or an office by any person for more than 4 days in any calendar year other than— 
(A) by the United States; or (B) for the administration and operation of 
Melville Hall. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C ONTRACT .—The term ‘‘contract’’ in-
cludes any modification, extension, or re-newal of the contract. 
(2) F
OUNDATION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘Foundation’’ means the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy Alumni Association and Foundation, Inc. 
(f) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed under section 3105 of title 41, United States Code, as requir-ing the Maritime Administrator to award a contract for the operation of Melville Hall to the Foundation. 
f 
INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND 
WARNING SYSTEM MODERNIZA-TION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 132, S. 1180. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1180) to amend the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 to direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with amendments, as follows: 
(The parts of the bill intended to be 
stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italic.) 
S. 1180 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Integrated 
Public Alert and Warning System Mod-ernization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARN-
ING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 526. INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND 
WARNING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—To provide timely and 
effective warnings regarding natural disas-ters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters or threats to public safety, the Ad-ministrator shall— 
‘‘(1) modernize the integrated public alert 
and warning system of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘public alert and warning system’) to help ensure that under all conditions the President and, ex-
cept to the extent the public alert and warn-ing system is in use by the President, Fed-eral agencies and State, tribal, and local governments can alert and warn the civilian population in areas endangered by natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man- made disasters or threats to public safety; and 
‘‘(2) implement the public alert and warn-
ing system to disseminate timely and effec-tive warnings regarding natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disas-ters or threats to public safety. 
‘‘(b) I
MPLEMENTATION REQUIREMENTS .—In 
carrying out subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall— 
‘‘(1) establish or adopt, as appropriate, 
common alerting and warning protocols, standards, terminology, and operating proce-dures for the public alert and warning sys-tem; 
‘‘(2) include in the public alert and warning 
system the capability to adapt the distribu-tion and content of communications on the basis of geographic location, risks, and mul-tiple communication systems and tech-nologies, as appropriate and to the extent technically feasible; 
‘‘(3) include in the public alert and warning 
system the capability to alert, warn, and provide equivalent information to individ-uals with disabilities, individuals with ac-cess and functional needs, and individuals with limited-English proficiency, to the ex-tent technically feasible; 
‘‘(4) ensure that training, tests, and exer-
cises are conducted for the public alert and warning system, including by— 
‘‘(A) incorporating the public alert and 
warning system into other training and exer-cise programs of the Department, as appro-
priate; 
‘‘(B) establishing and integrating into the 
National Incident Management System a comprehensive and periodic training pro-gram to instruct and educate Federal, State, tribal, and local government officials in the use of the Common Alerting Protocol en-abled Emergency Alert System; and 
‘‘(C) conducting, not less than once every 3 
years, periodic nationwide tests of the public alert and warning system; 
‘‘(5) to the extent practicable, ensure that 
the public alert and warning system is resil-ient and secure and can withstand acts of terrorism and other external attacks; 
‘‘(6) conduct public education efforts so 
that State, tribal, and local governments, private entities, and the people of the United States reasonably understand the functions of the public alert and warning system and how to access, use, and respond to informa-tion from the public alert and warning sys-tem through a general market awareness campaign; 
‘‘(7) consult, coordinate, and cooperate 
with the appropriate private sector entities and Federal, State, tribal, and local govern-mental authorities, including the Regional Administrators and emergency response pro-viders; 
‘‘(8) consult and coordinate with the Fed-
eral Communications Commission, taking into account rules and regulations promul-gated by the Federal Communications Com-mission; and 
‘‘(9) coordinate with and consider the rec-
ommendations of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Subcommittee estab-lished under section 2(b) of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Mod-ernization Act of 2015. 
‘‘(c) S
YSTEM REQUIREMENTS .—The public 
alert and warning system shall— 
‘‘(1) to the extent determined appropriate 
by the Administrator, incorporate multiple communications technologies; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:23 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JY6.087 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4981 July 9, 2015 
‘‘(2) be designed to adapt to, and incor-
porate, future technologies for commu-nicating directly with the public; 
‘‘(3) to the extent technically feasible, be 
designed— 
‘‘(A) to provide alerts to the largest por-
tion of the affected population feasible, in-cluding nonresident visitors and tourists, in-dividuals with disabilities, individuals with access and functional needs, and individuals with limited-English proficiency; and 
‘‘(B) to improve the ability of remote areas 
to receive alerts; 
‘‘(4) promote local and regional public and 
private partnerships to enhance community preparedness and response; 
‘‘(5) provide redundant alert mechanisms 
where practicable so as to reach the greatest number of people; and 
‘‘(6) to the extent feasible, include a mech-
anism to ensure the protection of individual privacy. 
‘‘(d) U
SE OF SYSTEM .—Except to the extent 
necessary for testing the public alert and warning system, the public alert and warn-ing system shall not be used to transmit a message that does not relate to a natural disaster, act of terrorism, or other man- made disaster or threat to public safety. 
‘‘(e) P
ERFORMANCE REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Mod-ernization Act of 2015, and annually there-after through 2018, the Administrator shall make available on the public website of the Agency a performance report, which shall— 
‘‘(A) establish performance goals for the 
implementation of the public alert and warn-ing system by the Agency; 
‘‘(B) describe the performance of the public 
alert and warning system, including— 
‘‘(i) the type of technology used for alerts 
and warnings issued under the system; 
‘‘(ii) the measures taken to alert, warn, 
and provide equivalent information to indi-viduals with disabilities, individuals with ac-cess and function needs, and individuals with limited-English proficiency; and 
‘‘(iii) the training, tests, and exercises per-
formed and the outcomes obtained by the Agency; 
‘‘(C) identify significant challenges to the 
effective operation of the public alert and warning system and any plans to address these challenges; 
‘‘(D) identify other necessary improve-
ments to the system; and 
‘‘(E) provide an analysis comparing the 
performance of the public alert and warning system with the performance goals estab-lished under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) C
ONGRESS .—The Administrator shall 
submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives each report re-quired under paragraph (1).’’. 
(b) I
NTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARN-
INGSYSTEM SUBCOMMITTEE .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall es-tablish a subcommittee to the National Ad-visory Council established under section 508 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 318) to be known as the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Sub-committee (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Subcommittee’’). 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—Notwithstanding section 
508(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 318(c)), the Subcommittee shall be composed of the following members (or their 
designees): 
(A) The Deputy Administrator for Protec-
tion and National Preparedness of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency. 
(B) The Chairman of the Federal Commu-
nications Commission. 
(C) The Administrator of the National Oce-
anic and Atmospheric Administration of the Department of Commerce. 
(D) The Assistant Secretary for Commu-
nications and Information of the Department of Commerce. 
(E) The Under Secretary for Science and 
Technology of the Department of Homeland Security. 
(F) The Under Secretary for the National 
Protection and Programs Directorate. 
(G) The Director of Disability Integration 
and Coordination of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. 
(H) The Chairperson of the National Coun-
cil on Disability. 
(I) Qualified individuals appointed by the 
Administrator as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act from among the following: 
(i) Representatives of State and local gov-
ernments, representatives of emergency management agencies, and representatives of emergency response providers. 
(ii) Representatives from federally recog-
nized Indian tribes and national Indian orga-nizations. 
(iii) Individuals who have the requisite 
technical knowledge and expertise to serve on the Subcommittee, including representa-tives of— 
(I) communications service providers; (II) vendors, developers, and manufacturers 
of systems, facilities, equipment, and capa-bilities for the provision of communications services; 
(III) third-party service bureaus; (IV) the broadcasting industry, including 
public broadcasting; 
(V) the commercial mobile radio service 
industry; 
(VI) the cable industry; (VII) the satellite industry; (VIII) national organizations representing 
individuals with disabilities, the blind, deaf, and hearing-loss communities, individuals with access and functional needs, and the el-derly; 
(IX) consumer or privacy advocates; and (X) organizations representing individuals 
with limited-English proficiency. 
(iv) Qualified representatives of such other 
stakeholders and interested and affected par-ties as the Administrator considers appro-priate. 
(3) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Deputy Adminis-
trator for Protection and National Prepared-ness of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall serve as the Chairperson of the Subcommittee. 
(4) M
EETINGS .— 
(A) I NITIAL MEETING .—The initial meeting 
of the Subcommittee shall take place not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(B) O
THER MEETINGS .—After the initial 
meeting, the Subcommittee shall meet, at least annually, at the call of the Chair-person. 
(5) C
ONSULTATION WITH NONMEMBERS .—The 
Subcommittee and the program offices for the integrated public alert and warning sys-tem for the United States shall consult with individuals and entities that are not rep-resented on the Subcommittee to consider new and developing technologies that may be beneficial to the public alert and warning system, including— 
(A) the Defense Advanced Research 
Projects Agency; (B) entities engaged in federally funded re-
search; and 
(C) academic institutions engaged in rel-
evant work and research. 
(6) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Subcommittee 
shall— 
(A) develop recommendations for an inte-
grated public alert and warning system; and 
(B) in developing the recommendations 
under subparagraph (A), consider— 
(i) recommendations for common alerting 
and warning protocols, standards, termi-nology, and operating procedures for the public alert and warning system; and 
(ii) recommendations to provide for a pub-
lic alert and warning system that— 
(I) has the capability to adapt the distribu-
tion and content of communications on the basis of geographic location, risks, or per-sonal user preferences, as appropriate; 
(II) has the capability to alert and warn in-
dividuals with disabilities and individuals with limited-English proficiency; 
(III) to the extent appropriate, incor-
porates multiple communications tech-nologies; 
(IV) is designed to adapt to, and incor-
porate, future technologies for commu-nicating directly with the public; 
(V) is designed to provide alerts to the 
largest portion of the affected population feasible, including nonresident visitors and tourists, and improve the ability of remote 
areas to receive alerts; 
(VI) promotes local and regional public and 
private partnerships to enhance community preparedness and response; and 
(VII) provides redundant alert mecha-
nisms, if practicable, to reach the greatest number of people regardless of whether they have access to, or use, any specific medium of communication or any particular device. 
(7) R
EPORT .— 
(A) S UBCOMMITTEE SUBMISSION .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Subcommittee shall submit to the National Advisory Council a report con-taining any recommendations required to be developed under paragraph (6) for approval by the National Advisory Council. 
(B) S
UBMISSION BY NATIONAL ADVISORY  
COUNCIL .—If the National Advisory Council 
approves the recommendations contained in the report submitted under subparagraph (A), the National Advisory Council shall sub-mit the report to— 
(i) the head of each agency represented on 
the Subcommittee; 
(ii) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate; and 
(iii) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. 
(8) T
ERMINATION .—The Subcommittee shall 
terminate not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act such sums as may be nec-essary for each of fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018. 
(d) L
IMITATIONS ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.— 
(1) D EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘participating commercial mobile serv-ice provider’’ has the meaning given that term under section 10.10(f) of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this Act, in-
cluding an amendment made by this Act, shall be construed— 
(A) to affect any authority— (i) of the Department of Commerce; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.054 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4982 July 9, 2015 
(ii) of the Federal Communications Com-
mission; or 
(iii) provided under the Robert T. Stafford 
Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.); 
(B) to provide the Secretary of Homeland 
Security with authority to require any ac-tion by the Department of Commerce, the Federal Communications Commission, or any nongovernmental entity; 
(C) to apply to, or to provide the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency with authority over, any par-ticipating commercial mobile service pro-vider; øor¿ 
(D) to alter in any way the wireless emer-
gency alerts service established under the Warning, Alert, and Response Network Act (47 U.S.C. 1201 et seq.) or any related orders issued by the Federal Communications Com-mission after October 13, ø2006. ¿ 2006; or 
(E) to provide the Federal Emergency Man-
agement Agency with authority to require a State or local jurisdiction to use the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the committee-reported amendments be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendments 
were agreed to. 
The bill (S. 1180), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1180 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Integrated 
Public Alert and Warning System Mod-ernization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARN-
ING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 526. INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND 
WARNING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—To provide timely and 
effective warnings regarding natural disas-ters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters or threats to public safety, the Ad-ministrator shall— 
‘‘(1) modernize the integrated public alert 
and warning system of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘public alert and warning system’) to help ensure that under all conditions the President and, ex-cept to the extent the public alert and warn-ing system is in use by the President, Fed-eral agencies and State, tribal, and local governments can alert and warn the civilian population in areas endangered by natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man- made disasters or threats to public safety; and 
‘‘(2) implement the public alert and warn-
ing system to disseminate timely and effec-tive warnings regarding natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disas-ters or threats to public safety. 
‘‘(b) I
MPLEMENTATION REQUIREMENTS .—In 
carrying out subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall— 
‘‘(1) establish or adopt, as appropriate, 
common alerting and warning protocols, standards, terminology, and operating proce-dures for the public alert and warning sys-
tem; 
‘‘(2) include in the public alert and warning 
system the capability to adapt the distribu-tion and content of communications on the basis of geographic location, risks, and mul-tiple communication systems and tech-nologies, as appropriate and to the extent technically feasible; 
‘‘(3) include in the public alert and warning 
system the capability to alert, warn, and provide equivalent information to individ-uals with disabilities, individuals with ac-cess and functional needs, and individuals with limited-English proficiency, to the ex-tent technically feasible; 
‘‘(4) ensure that training, tests, and exer-
cises are conducted for the public alert and warning system, including by— 
‘‘(A) incorporating the public alert and 
warning system into other training and exer-cise programs of the Department, as appro-priate; 
‘‘(B) establishing and integrating into the 
National Incident Management System a comprehensive and periodic training pro-gram to instruct and educate Federal, State, tribal, and local government officials in the use of the Common Alerting Protocol en-abled Emergency Alert System; and 
‘‘(C) conducting, not less than once every 3 
years, periodic nationwide tests of the public alert and warning system; 
‘‘(5) to the extent practicable, ensure that 
the public alert and warning system is resil-ient and secure and can withstand acts of terrorism and other external attacks; 
‘‘(6) conduct public education efforts so 
that State, tribal, and local governments, private entities, and the people of the United States reasonably understand the functions of the public alert and warning system and how to access, use, and respond to informa-tion from the public alert and warning sys-tem through a general market awareness campaign; 
‘‘(7) consult, coordinate, and cooperate 
with the appropriate private sector entities and Federal, State, tribal, and local govern-mental authorities, including the Regional Administrators and emergency response pro-viders; 
‘‘(8) consult and coordinate with the Fed-
eral Communications Commission, taking into account rules and regulations promul-gated by the Federal Communications Com-mission; and 
‘‘(9) coordinate with and consider the rec-
ommendations of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Subcommittee estab-lished under section 2(b) of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Mod-ernization Act of 2015. 
‘‘(c) S
YSTEM REQUIREMENTS .—The public 
alert and warning system shall— 
‘‘(1) to the extent determined appropriate 
by the Administrator, incorporate multiple communications technologies; 
‘‘(2) be designed to adapt to, and incor-
porate, future technologies for commu-nicating directly with the public; 
‘‘(3) to the extent technically feasible, be 
designed— 
‘‘(A) to provide alerts to the largest por-
tion of the affected population feasible, in-cluding nonresident visitors and tourists, in-dividuals with disabilities, individuals with access and functional needs, and individuals with limited-English proficiency; and 
‘‘(B) to improve the ability of remote areas 
to receive alerts; 
‘‘(4) promote local and regional public and 
private partnerships to enhance community preparedness and response; 
‘‘(5) provide redundant alert mechanisms 
where practicable so as to reach the greatest number of people; and ‘‘(6) to the extent feasible, include a mech-
anism to ensure the protection of individual privacy. 
‘‘(d) U
SE OF SYSTEM .—Except to the extent 
necessary for testing the public alert and warning system, the public alert and warn-ing system shall not be used to transmit a message that does not relate to a natural disaster, act of terrorism, or other man- made disaster or threat to public safety. 
‘‘(e) P
ERFORMANCE REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Mod-ernization Act of 2015, and annually there-after through 2018, the Administrator shall make available on the public website of the Agency a performance report, which shall— 
‘‘(A) establish performance goals for the 
implementation of the public alert and warn-ing system by the Agency; 
‘‘(B) describe the performance of the public 
alert and warning system, including— 
‘‘(i) the type of technology used for alerts 
and warnings issued under the system; 
‘‘(ii) the measures taken to alert, warn, 
and provide equivalent information to indi-viduals with disabilities, individuals with ac-cess and function needs, and individuals with limited-English proficiency; and 
‘‘(iii) the training, tests, and exercises per-
formed and the outcomes obtained by the Agency; 
‘‘(C) identify significant challenges to the 
effective operation of the public alert and warning system and any plans to address these challenges; 
‘‘(D) identify other necessary improve-
ments to the system; and 
‘‘(E) provide an analysis comparing the 
performance of the public alert and warning system with the performance goals estab-lished under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) C
ONGRESS .—The Administrator shall 
submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives each report re-quired under paragraph (1).’’. 
(b) I
NTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARN-
INGSYSTEM SUBCOMMITTEE .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall es-tablish a subcommittee to the National Ad-visory Council established under section 508 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 318) to be known as the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Sub-committee (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Subcommittee’’). 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—Notwithstanding section 
508(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 318(c)), the Subcommittee shall be composed of the following members (or their designees): 
(A) The Deputy Administrator for Protec-
tion and National Preparedness of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency. 
(B) The Chairman of the Federal Commu-
nications Commission. 
(C) The Administrator of the National Oce-
anic and Atmospheric Administration of the Department of Commerce. 
(D) The Assistant Secretary for Commu-
nications and Information of the Department of Commerce. 
(E) The Under Secretary for Science and 
Technology of the Department of Homeland Security. 
(F) The Under Secretary for the National 
Protection and Programs Directorate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.054 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4983 July 9, 2015 
(G) The Director of Disability Integration 
and Coordination of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. 
(H) The Chairperson of the National Coun-
cil on Disability. 
(I) Qualified individuals appointed by the 
Administrator as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act from among the following: 
(i) Representatives of State and local gov-
ernments, representatives of emergency management agencies, and representatives of emergency response providers. 
(ii) Representatives from federally recog-
nized Indian tribes and national Indian orga-nizations. 
(iii) Individuals who have the requisite 
technical knowledge and expertise to serve on the Subcommittee, including representa-tives of— 
(I) communications service providers; 
(II) vendors, developers, and manufacturers 
of systems, facilities, equipment, and capa-bilities for the provision of communications services; 
(III) third-party service bureaus; (IV) the broadcasting industry, including 
public broadcasting; 
(V) the commercial mobile radio service 
industry; 
(VI) the cable industry; (VII) the satellite industry; (VIII) national organizations representing 
individuals with disabilities, the blind, deaf, and hearing-loss communities, individuals with access and functional needs, and the el-derly; 
(IX) consumer or privacy advocates; and (X) organizations representing individuals 
with limited-English proficiency. 
(iv) Qualified representatives of such other 
stakeholders and interested and affected par-ties as the Administrator considers appro-priate. 
(3) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Deputy Adminis-
trator for Protection and National Prepared-ness of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall serve as the Chairperson of the Subcommittee. 
(4) M
EETINGS .— 
(A) I NITIAL MEETING .—The initial meeting 
of the Subcommittee shall take place not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(B) O
THER MEETINGS .—After the initial 
meeting, the Subcommittee shall meet, at least annually, at the call of the Chair-person. 
(5) C
ONSULTATION WITH NONMEMBERS .—The 
Subcommittee and the program offices for the integrated public alert and warning sys-tem for the United States shall consult with individuals and entities that are not rep-resented on the Subcommittee to consider new and developing technologies that may be beneficial to the public alert and warning system, including— 
(A) the Defense Advanced Research 
Projects Agency; 
(B) entities engaged in federally funded re-
search; and 
(C) academic institutions engaged in rel-
evant work and research. 
(6) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Subcommittee 
shall— 
(A) develop recommendations for an inte-
grated public alert and warning system; and 
(B) in developing the recommendations 
under subparagraph (A), consider— 
(i) recommendations for common alerting 
and warning protocols, standards, termi-nology, and operating procedures for the public alert and warning system; and 
(ii) recommendations to provide for a pub-
lic alert and warning system that— 
(I) has the capability to adapt the distribu-
tion and content of communications on the basis of geographic location, risks, or per-
sonal user preferences, as appropriate; 
(II) has the capability to alert and warn in-
dividuals with disabilities and individuals with limited-English proficiency; 
(III) to the extent appropriate, incor-
porates multiple communications tech-nologies; 
(IV) is designed to adapt to, and incor-
porate, future technologies for commu-nicating directly with the public; 
(V) is designed to provide alerts to the 
largest portion of the affected population feasible, including nonresident visitors and tourists, and improve the ability of remote areas to receive alerts; 
(VI) promotes local and regional public and 
private partnerships to enhance community preparedness and response; and 
(VII) provides redundant alert mecha-
nisms, if practicable, to reach the greatest number of people regardless of whether they have access to, or use, any specific medium of communication or any particular device. 
(7) R
EPORT .— 
(A) S UBCOMMITTEE SUBMISSION .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Subcommittee shall submit to the National Advisory Council a report con-taining any recommendations required to be developed under paragraph (6) for approval by the National Advisory Council. 
(B) S
UBMISSION BY NATIONAL ADVISORY  
COUNCIL .—If the National Advisory Council 
approves the recommendations contained in the report submitted under subparagraph (A), the National Advisory Council shall sub-mit the report to— 
(i) the head of each agency represented on 
the Subcommittee; 
(ii) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate; and 
(iii) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. 
(8) T
ERMINATION .—The Subcommittee shall 
terminate not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act such sums as may be nec-essary for each of fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018. 
(d) L
IMITATIONS ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.— 
(1) D EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘participating commercial mobile serv-ice provider’’ has the meaning given that term under section 10.10(f) of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this Act, in-
cluding an amendment made by this Act, shall be construed— 
(A) to affect any authority— (i) of the Department of Commerce; (ii) of the Federal Communications Com-
mission; or 
(iii) provided under the Robert T. Stafford 
Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.); 
(B) to provide the Secretary of Homeland 
Security with authority to require any ac-tion by the Department of Commerce, the Federal Communications Commission, or any nongovernmental entity; 
(C) to apply to, or to provide the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency with authority over, any par-ticipating commercial mobile service pro-vider; 
(D) to alter in any way the wireless emer-
gency alerts service established under the Warning, Alert, and Response Network Act (47 U.S.C. 1201 et seq.) or any related orders 
issued by the Federal Communications Com-mission after October 13, 2006; or 
(E) to provide the Federal Emergency Man-
agement Agency with authority to require a State or local jurisdiction to use the inte-grated public alert and warning system of the United States. 
f 
E–WARRANTY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 142, S. 1359. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1359) to allow manufacturers to 
meet warranty and labeling requirements for consumer products by displaying the terms of warranties on Internet websites, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Fisch-er-Nelson amendment be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2214) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) 
On page 3, line 21, strike ‘‘on’’ and insert 
‘‘for’’. 
On page 4, line 1, insert ‘‘, through elec-
tronic or other means,’’ after ‘‘available’’. 
On page 4, line 3, strike ‘‘on’’ and insert 
‘‘for’’. 
The bill (S. 1359), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1359 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘E-Warranty 
Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Many manufacturers and consumers 
prefer to have the option to provide or re-ceive warranty information online. 
(2) Modernizing warranty notification rules 
is necessary to allow the United States to continue to compete globally in manufac-turing, trade, and the development of con-sumer products connected to the Internet. 
(3) Allowing an electronic warranty option 
would expand consumer access to relevant consumer information in an environmentally friendly way, and would provide additional flexibility to manufacturers to meet their la-beling and warranty requirements. 
SEC. 3. ELECTRONIC DISPLAY OF TERMS OF 
WRITTEN WARRANTY FOR CON-SUMER PRODUCTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102(b) of the Mag-
nuson-Moss Warranty—Federal Trade Com-mission Improvement Act (15 U.S.C. 2302(b)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(4)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), the rules prescribed under this sub-section shall allow for the satisfaction of all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.059 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4984 July 9, 2015 
requirements concerning the availability of 
terms of a written warranty on a consumer product under this subsection by— 
‘‘(i) making available such terms in an ac-
cessible digital format on the Internet website of the manufacturer of the consumer product in a clear and conspicuous manner; and 
‘‘(ii) providing to the consumer (or pro-
spective consumer) information with respect to how to obtain and review such terms by indicating on the product or product pack-aging or in the product manual— 
‘‘(I) the Internet website of the manufac-
turer where such terms can be obtained and reviewed; and 
‘‘(II) the phone number of the manufac-
turer, the postal mailing address of the man-ufacturer, or another reasonable non-Inter-net based means of contacting the manufac-turer to obtain and review such terms. 
‘‘(B) With respect to any requirement that 
the terms of any written warranty for a con-sumer product be made available to the con-sumer (or prospective consumer) prior to sale of the product, in a case in which a con-sumer product is offered for sale in a retail location, by catalog, or through door-to-door sales, subparagraph (A) shall only apply if the seller makes available, through elec-tronic or other means, at the location of the sale to the consumer purchasing the con-sumer product the terms of the warranty for the consumer product before the purchase.’’. 
(b) R
EVISION OF RULES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Trade Commission shall revise the rules prescribed under such section to com-ply with the requirements of paragraph (4) of such section, as added by subsection (a) of this section. 
(2) A
UTHORITY TO WAIVE REQUIREMENT FOR  
ORAL PRESENTATION .—In revising rules under 
paragraph (1), the Federal Trade Commission may waive the requirement of section 109(a) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 2309(a)) to give inter-ested persons an opportunity for oral presen-tation if the Commission determines that giving interested persons such opportunity would interfere with the ability of the Com-mission to revise rules under paragraph (1) in a timely manner. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 219, designating July 25, 2015, as ‘‘National Day of the American Cowboy’’; S. Res. 220, commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Medora Musical; and S. Res. 221, recognizing the 100th anniversary of Rocky Moun-tain National Park. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The resolutions, with their pre-
ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT OF 
2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 2119, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the adoption of the Gardner amendment No. 2119, that the modifica-tion of the page and line numbers, which is at the desk, be made. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2119), as modi-
fied, is as follows: 
On page 19, line 24, insert ‘‘public charter 
school representatives (if applicable),’’ be-fore ‘‘specialized’’. 
On page 98, line 10, insert ‘‘public charter 
school representatives (if applicable),’’ after ‘‘leaders,’’. 
f 
LETTER OF RESIGNATION FROM 
THE U.S. AIR FORCE ACADEMY BOARD OF VISITORS 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the fol-lowing letter of resignation from the U.S. Air Force Academy Board of Visi-tors be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
July 8, 2015. 
Hon. J OSEPH R. B IDEN, Jr. 
Vice President of the United States, The White 
House, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. VICEPRESIDENT : I have been 
honored to serve as a member of the U.S. Air Force Academy Board of Visitors for the past four years. I have appreciated the op-portunity to represent and advise one of the finest military academies in the world. 
Serving as a member of the Board has been 
one of the great honors of my career. How-ever, due to my increasingly demanding schedule, I regret that I must resign from my position. I am fully confident that your next appointee will be an outstanding person of character who embodies the values and ideals of the U.S. Air Force. 
Again, thank you for the opportunity to 
serve the men and women of the Air Force Academy. 
Sincerely, 
L
INDSEY O. G RAHAM , 
U.S. Senator. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JULY 13, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m. on Monday, July 13; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; that lastly, fol-lowing morning business, the Senate then resume consideration of S. 1177. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
JULY 13, 2015, AT 3 P.M. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:34 p.m., adjourned until Monday, July 13, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
THE JUDICIARY  
DARLENE MICHELE SOLTYS, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA, TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE NATALIA COMBS GREENE, RE-TIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL DAVID W. ASHLEY COLONEL JEREMY O. BAENEN COLONEL STEPHEN F. BAGGERLY COLONEL SAMUEL W. BLACK COLONEL CHRISTINE M. BURCKLE COLONEL DAVID B. BURGY COLONEL JANUS D. BUTCHER COLONEL JOHN D. CAINE COLONEL CRAIG A. CAMPBELL COLONEL JOSEPH S. CHISOLM COLONEL FLOYD W. DUNSTAN COLONEL DOUGLAS A. FARNHAM COLONEL LAURIE M. FARRIS COLONEL JERRY L. FENWICK COLONEL DAWN M. FERRELL COLONEL DOUGLAS E. FICK COLONEL ARTHUR J. FLORU COLONEL DONALD A. FURLAND COLONEL TIMOTHY H. GAASCH COLONEL KERRY M. GENTRY COLONEL JEROME M. GOUHIN COLONEL RANDY E. GREENWOOD COLONEL ROBERT J. GREY, JR. COLONEL EDITH M. GRUNWALD COLONEL GREGORY M. HENDERSON COLONEL ELIZABETH A. HILL COLONEL JOHN S. JOSEPH COLONEL JILL A. LANNAN COLONEL JAMES M. LEFAVOR COLONEL JEFFREY A. LEWIS COLONEL TIMOTHY T. LUNDERMAN COLONEL ERIC W. MANN COLONEL BETTY J. MARSHALL COLONEL SHERRIE L. MCCANDLESS COLONEL KEVIN T. MCMANAMAN COLONEL DAVID J. MEYER COLONEL ROBERT A. MEYER, JR. COLONEL STEVEN S. NORDHAUS COLONEL SCOTT W. NORMANDEAU COLONEL RICHARD C. OXNER, JR. COLONEL KIRK S. PIERCE COLONEL THERESA B. PRINCE COLONEL DAVID L. ROMUALD COLONEL EDWARD A. SAULEY III COLONEL KEITH A. SCHELL COLONEL BRIAN M. SIMPLER COLONEL CHARLES G. STEVENSON COLONEL BRADLEY A. SWANSON COLONEL DEAN A. TREMPS COLONEL WILLIAM M. VALENTINE COLONEL RICHARD W. WEDAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. STEVEN A. SCHAICK 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JEFFREY A. DOLL 
f 
DISCHARGED NOMINATION 
The Senate Committee on Energy 
and Natural Resources was discharged from further consideration of the fol-lowing nomination pursuant to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.061 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4985 July 9, 2015 
order of June 28, 1990 and the nomina-
tion was placed on the Executive Cal-endar: *MONICA C. REGALBUTO, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE AN AS-
SISTANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT). *Nominee has committed to respond 
to requests to appear and testify before any duly constituted committee of the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY6.017 S09JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1021 July 9, 2015 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes: 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Chair, I rise 
in opposition to H.R. 5 The Student Success Act. I rise in opposition to this bill because education is a civil right. The Elementary and Secondary Schools Act, also known as ESEA, was initially passed in 1965 as part of Presi-dent Johnson’s ‘‘War on Poverty.’’ President Johnson understood that without a good edu-cation, economic stability was impossible and poverty inevitable. 
The goal of the original ESEA was to pro-
vide a fair and equitable education to every child in America. Unfortunately, H.R. 5 is nei-ther fair nor equitable. This bill creates the warped concept of Title I Portability, which would shift resources from poor school dis-tricts such as the ones in my district of Brook-lyn, New York to wealthier communities. Chil-dren in poor districts stand to lose upward of $85 per student, while children in wealthier communities would gain an average of $290 dollars per student. 
It ends the Safe and Drug Free Schools 
Program, among 70 other programs also slat-ed for elimination. You would think that with the rise in school shootings and rampant school violence, that if we ever needed a Safe and Drug Free School Program it would be now. 
It also eliminates Title III, which helped to 
ensure that English Language Learners attain English proficiency. H.R. 5 not only figu-ratively, but also literally, silences the voices of our Hispanic students and in doing so rel-egates them to a life of inequity and poverty. 
Under H.R. 5, New York State is projected 
to receive $1.52 billion in 2016 and $6.943 bil-lion over the 2016–2021 period. This is $46 million less in 2016 and $606 million less over the 2016–2021 period than under the Presi-dent Obama’s budget. In fact, my district of Brooklyn, New York is in Kings County. Kings County, with a poverty rate of 33.3 percent, will see a $39.9 million cut in Title I funding under this bill. 
Today, we Democrats are shining a light on 
H.R. 5 so that America can see how ugly, dangerous and divisive this bill really is. And just like during the civil rights movement, we won’t back down! We won’t give up! We will fight until every child in America—Black, Brown, Asian or White—has a fair, equitable, and quality public school education—because Education is a Civil Right. RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATED 
SERVICE OF JOE VIOLANTE TO OUR GREAT NATION AND HER WARRIORS 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on July 
31, our Nation’s veterans will lose one of their strongest advocates when Joe Violante retires as the National Legislative Director for the Dis-abled American Veterans at DAV’s National Service and Legislative Headquarters here in Washington, DC. 
A New Jersey native, Mr. Violante joined the 
Marine Corps in 1969. He served with the 2nd Battalion, 4th Marines and Battalion Landing Team 2/4 in Southeast Asia where he was in-jured. After being discharged in 1972 with the rank of sergeant, Mr. Violante received a bachelor’s degree in history and political science from the University of New Mexico, and eventually earned his law degree from San Fernando Valley College of Law, in Cali-fornia. Following private practice in California, Mr. Violante began working as a VA Staff At-torney at the Board of Veterans’ Appeals in 1985. But Joe felt he could better-serve vet-erans by working for an organization that ad-vocates for veterans. 
Leaving the VA, Mr. Violante joined DAV’s 
professional staff as Staff Counsel/Judicial Ap-peals Representative at the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims in 1990. Following his time at the Board, Mr. Violante was appointed Legislative Counsel for DAV in 1992 and was later promoted to Deputy Na-tional Legislative Director in 1996 and Legisla-tive Director in 1997. In addition to his work at DAV, Mr. Violante has served on numerous boards and committees. 
Mr. Violante served as a member of the 
Board of the National Foundation for Women Legislators from 2001 to 2009 and a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Cir-cuit Bar Association from 2001 to 2004. Addi-tionally, Mr. Violante co-hosted ‘‘Veterans’ Forum,’’ a local cable television program dedi-cated to veterans’ issues from 1991 to 1994; chaired the Veterans Appeals’ Committee and Legislative Committee of the Federal Circuit Bar Association from 1992 to 1996 and 1997 to 2001, respectively; was vice-chair of the American Bar Association Coordinating Com-mittee on Veterans Benefits and Services from 1991 to 1994; and at-large member of the Board of Governors of the Veterans’ Law Committee of the Federal Bar Association from 1992 to 1993. 
Mr. Speaker, it would be a challenge to find 
someone who has done more as an advocate for veterans than Mr. Joe Violante. So, in the long-standing tradition of the Navy and Marine Corps, I wish Joe and his family fair winds and following seas. Bravo Zulu Marine. IN HONOR OF MIKE ROOS 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the long and distinguished public serv-ice career of our friend, Mr. Mike Roos. I had the great honor of working with Mike as col-leagues in the California State Assembly along with several other current and former mem-bers of this House. I count myself fortunate to call him a good friend. After many years of public service, Mike is retiring from Mike Roos and Company, the public affairs firm that he founded in 1999, and turning to the next chap-ter of his life. 
The firm that Mike shaped specializes in 
government relations, corporate issues man-agement, media relations, and ballot measure campaigns. Prior to establishing Mike Roos and Company, Mike served as President and CEO of the Los Angeles Alliance for Restruc-turing Now, a coalition of business and civic leaders from the Los Angeles Area dedicated to implementing systemic reform and restruc-turing within the Los Angeles Unified School District. His significant efforts in this capacity have undoubtedly changed countless lives of children in the Los Angeles area for the better. 
Mike’s distinguished Assembly career began 
in 1977. He earned the love and respect of both his Democratic and Republican col-leagues. His own caucus chose him Majority Floor Leader in his second term, a position he held until his 1987 election as Assembly Speaker Pro Tempore. He had the reputation as a genuine legislator—someone who used the power of lawmaking to make the lives of the People of California better. Perhaps his most well known achievement is the Mello Roos Community Facilities Act of 1982 and the Roberti-Roos Weapons Control Act of 1989. Mike authored the finest and strictest laws to date protecting the confidentiality of HIV patients, as well as the law creating the Alternative Test Sites Program, which estab-lished centers where individuals could receive free, anonymous testing for the AIDS anti-body. He consistently fought for a better edu-cation for all, authoring legislation prohibiting sex discrimination in California’s educational institutions. 
Prior to his election to the State Assembly, 
Mike served as the Executive Director of the Coro Foundation, a leadership training pro-gram for future leaders in public service. Thanks to his substantial experience and in-sight, he continues to be a valuable consultant to civic and educational organizations, speak-ing on topics ranging from education reform to the legislative process in California politics. 
Mr. Speaker, I know I speak for the whole 
House in thanking Mike for his years of serv-ice on behalf of the people of California. I know he looks forward to spending more time with his family in this next chapter of his life, including his four daughters Shelby, Melissa, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09JY8.001 E09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1022 July 9, 2015 
Catherine, and Caroline. I wish him nothing 
but success and happiness. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BRIAN NEWBY ON 
HIS PROMOTION TO THE RANK OF MAJOR GENERAL 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Brian C. Newby on his promotion to the rank of Major General, United States Air Force. 
I have known Major General Newby for 
many years and have the honor of calling him my friend. He is a man of integrity and kind-ness. He is the epitome of what a General should be. 
Major General Newby was born in Dayton, 
Ohio, but attended Western Hills High School in Fort Worth. He was commissioned in 1983 as a distinguished graduate of the Air Force ROTC program at Texas Tech University and earned a law degree from the University of Texas Law School in 1986. 
For more than 25 years he has been a true 
National Guardsman, serving his country while also working at senior positions in government and at a top legal firm. 
He served as the Chief of Staff and Deputy 
Commander of the Texas Air National Guard before being promoted to Brigadier General. 
Major General Newby also served as Chief 
of Staff to former Texas Governor Rick Perry and in that capacity co-chaired the State of Texas’ recovery efforts following Hurricane Ike. He also served as the Governor’s General Counsel before being appointed to serve as Chief of Staff. 
He currently holds an Of Counsel position at 
Cantey Hanger, LLP of Fort Worth while also maintaining his own legal practice. 
Major General Newby has been and con-
tinues to be an incredible public servant. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PAUL GROMOSIAK 
FOR HIS SUSTAINED COMMIT-MENT TO THE NIAGARA FALLS COMMUNITY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and honor Mr. Paul Gromosiak for his passionate support of and commitment to the City of Niagara Falls and Niagara Falls State Park. As a tribute to his hard work and dedication, a monument will be placed at Heritage Park commemorating his impact on the community. 
As a committed life-long Western New York-
er, Mr. Gromosiak has inspired countless indi-viduals who have come to visit the Niagara Falls State Park. He graduated from Niagara University with a B.S. in Chemistry and went on to receive a permanent certification in mathematics as well as in chemistry and gen-eral science from the State University of New York. 
Mr. Gromosiak has spent countless hours 
walking the park and helping visitors learn more about the nation’s oldest park. Moreover, 
he has authored numerous books about the place that means so much to him. In addition to being a well-respected historian, he is also an engaging teacher and a dedicated leader in the community. He worked as a chemistry teacher in the Niagara Falls School District as well as a chemist for both the Eastman Kodak Company and the Hooker Chemical Company. 
Mr. Gromosiak is frequently interviewed by 
national and local media for his insight on the history and continued progress of Niagara Falls. In 1989, Mr. Gromosiak appeared on the CBS program ‘‘America Tonight’’ for a special segment on the environment sur-rounding Niagara Falls. He served as a guest 
columnist for The Buffalo News and The Niag-ara Gazette. Furthermore, he was consulted in 1993 by Canada’s weekly news magazine MacLean’s for information on the storied cus-tom of honeymooning in the Falls. In 1997, he was featured in the PBS documentary ‘‘Fading in the Mist,’’ speaking about efforts to maintain the natural environment of Niagara Falls. Mr. Gromosiak also contributed to a web page on the history of Niagara Falls. 
Mr. Gromosiak has been an avid fighter for 
the City of Niagara Falls and has championed projects such as the Niagara Experience Cen-ter as well as the relocation of the Stone Chimney. His ideas have sparked interest in and made the region’s history more accessible to the public, as exemplified by his emphasis on history as an experience. 
Family and friends of Mr. Gromosiak can at-
tend the event to unveil the monument in his honor. It takes place on Friday, July 10th at 11pm at Heritage Park on Main and Buffalo. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to recognize Mr. Paul Gromosiak. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Mr. Gromosiak for his vital in-fluence on the City of Niagara Falls, the State Park, and the community. His outstanding im-pact is derived from a deep understanding of the region’s rich history, an innovative vision for its future, and a passion for its success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE CAPE, IS-LANDS AND SOUTHEAST MASSA-CHUSETTS CHAPTER OF THE AMERICAN RED CROSS 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of the 100th anniversary of the Cape, Islands and Southeast Massachusetts Chapter of the American Red Cross. 
Established in 1915, this Chapter of the 
American Red Cross of Massachusetts has served as a lifeline within our community—re-sponding to the needs of residents and visitors alike by providing food, shelter and other dis-aster assistance in emergencies, teaching life-saving skills, and organizing blood drives. The Cape, Islands, and Southeast Chapter reaches a population of more than 1.2 million people across Barnstable, Bristol, Plymouth, Nantucket and Dukes counties and saves mil-lions more from suffering the harm or loss of a loved one. 
The American Red Cross of Massachusetts 
has served as a pillar for our community through the world’s most trying times and 
through local and regional challenges. During the First World War, the Red Cross notably sent nurses to treat recovering soldiers and undertook initiatives such as knitting over 90,000 pairs of socks and treating the sick in-fected with influenza during the height of the epidemic. In 1955 when Hurricanes Edna, Carol and Hazel hit Massachusetts the Chap-ter provided shelter and food services to over 200 people across Cape Cod. By 1991, the number of people it was able to provide shel-ter to had increased to 17,000. After the 9/11 terrorist attacks the Chapter’s blood drives was inundated with willing volunteers that indi-viduals were asked to return at a later date. Chapter volunteers responded once again when Hurricane Katrina struck the shores of the southern United States by sending volun-teers down to the areas hardest hit. And, most recently, when tragedy struck closer to home at the Boston Marathon in 2013, Chapter vol-unteers were quick to become involved in re-lief efforts. 
Furthermore, this Chapter has a global 
reach. Volunteers have gone on to serve in the International Red Cross across the globe, from war-torn Afghanistan to impoverished Af-rican nations. Chapter volunteers exemplify the Red Cross’ mission to prevent and allevi-ate human suffering in the face of emer-gencies by mobilizing the power of volunteers and the generosity of donors. I am proud of the work they have done in Southeast Massa-chusetts and beyond. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in celebrating the 100th anniversary of the Cape, Islands and Southeast Massachusetts Chapter of the American Red Cross. I take comfort knowing that this Chapter will remain a vital humanitarian organization in not only the Commonwealth, but across the nation and the world, for generations to come. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, 
ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair, this 
amendment is critically important. The des-ignation of the Northern Long Eared Bat as threatened has had a significant impact on the Ninth District of Georgia, despite the fact that the only evidence it is there is a geo-tagged dot on a map. 
These bats are listed as threatened be-
cause White Nose Syndrome has led to a drastic decline in their population. Humans don’t cause White Nose Syndrome but they are being penalized for it. There are some counties in my district where the bat has never been seen, but because they’re in the bat’s ‘‘range’’ they are subject to burdensome re-strictions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09JY8.003 E09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1023 July 9, 2015 
A construction project for a new interchange 
in my home, Hall County, was delayed be-cause of the need to survey for the bat. 
What’s worse, even if no bats are found 
during the preconstruction bat survey, Fish and Wildlife Service requires a clearing restric-tion in construction contracts for prime-building months if certain factors contributing to a qual-ity bat habitat are present. These types of re-strictions increase prices and create unneces-sary and burdensome delays on important in-frastructure projects. Similar restrictions can also negatively affect other sectors such as forestry, ranching, and utilities. 
The underlying bill takes important steps to 
address the problematic requirements associ-ated with the bat’s status as a threatened spe-cies. This amendment goes the extra step to prevent the current situation from getting even worse by prohibiting the use of funds to list the Northern Long Eared Bat as endangered. 
I urge my colleagues to support this amend-
ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JERRY MATHIASEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mr. Jerry Mathiasen of Council Bluffs. Jerry was re-cently named the president and CEO of the Pottawattamie County Community Foundation (PCCF). He had previously served as the in-terim president and CEO at PCCF before his most recent post. PCCF serves as a commu-nity builder within Council Bluffs and the sur-rounding area by leveraging partnerships and providing grants across the county to improve the lives of its citizens. 
As a native of Council Bluffs, Jerry returned 
home after serving in the administration of Governor Terry Branstad for 14 years. Once home, he gave his time and talents to the Iowa West Foundation for almost 18 years. Jerry has had a long, successful career as a philanthropic leader and has earned the title of President and CEO of PCCF. 
I applaud and congratulate Jerry for his re-
cent promotion to President and CEO of PCCF. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress and I know that my colleagues will join me in congratulating Jerry and wishing him nothing but continued suc-cess in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT HURT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not present for Roll Call vote #417 on House Amendment 64 to H.R. 5. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ HONORING CHANCELLOR WILLIAM 
‘‘BRIT’’ KIRWAN 
HON. ANDY HARRIS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor an outstanding educator and faithful public servant, Chancellor William ‘‘Brit’’ Kirwan, for his years of faithful dedication to the University System of Maryland. After 46 years as an exemplary advocate of edu-cational excellence, Mr. Kirwan retired last month. I would like to thank him for his pas-sion, dedication, and commitment to the stu-dents of Maryland. From his 24 years as a faculty member, to his decade serving as President of the University of Maryland, Col-lege Park, and on to his 12 year tenure as Chancellor of the Maryland University System, Chancellor Kirwan has touched and contrib-uted to the lives of countless Marylanders. In addition to his stewardship of Maryland’s insti-tutions of higher education, Chancellor Kirwan has also been a national thought leader on a wide range of topics including innovation, aca-demic transformation and higher education’s role in economic development. Among others, Chancellor Kirwan has received the Carnegie Corporation Leadership Award, the Tech Council of Maryland’s Lifetime Achievement Award in Education, the Regional Visionary Award from the Greater Baltimore Committee, and the Maryland Chamber of Commerce’s Public Service Award. His achievements speak for themselves. Chancellor Kirwan’s services have been greatly appreciated and his efforts will be sorely missed. I congratulate Chancellor Kirwan on his many accomplish-ments and wish him all the best in his retire-ment. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in paying tribute to Chancellor Wil-liam ‘‘Brit’’ Kirwan for his years of leadership and excellence in the education of Maryland’s students. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I 
was unavoidably detained in my district and missed recorded votes #390 through 391. Had I been present, 
On Roll Call #390, Motion to Close Portions 
of the Conference on H.R. 1735—National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, I would have voted YES; 
On Roll Call #391, Concur in the Senate 
Amendment to H.R. 91—Veteran’s I.D. Card Act, I would have voted YES. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KNAPP PROPERTIES 
INC. 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Knapp Properties, Incorporated of Des Moines, Iowa. 
Knapp Properties was recently recognized for their outstanding commitment to business eth-ics by the Better Business Bureau (BBB) and presented with a 2015 Integrity Award. 
The Better Business Bureau has been de-
veloping and administering self-regulation pro-grams for the business community for the past 75 years. The Integrity Awards were estab-lished in 1993 to recognize exemplary busi-nesses while promoting the BBB’s mission of leadership in advancing marketplace trust. 
Knapp Properties has lived up to these 
goals and strives to treat all of their associates with the same respect and integrity that they would expect in return. This attitude spreads throughout the entire organization from their President, Gary Neugent. 
I applaud and congratulate Knapp Prop-
erties for earning this prestigious award. I am proud to represent them in the U.S. Congress and I know that my colleagues join me in con-gratulating Knapp Properties Inc. and wishing them nothing but continued success in the fu-ture. 
f 
IRAN 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the 
work of the Chairman and the Members of her subcommittee. 
I rise today with grave concerns about this 
agreement that could very well lead to an in-creased likelihood of a nuclear Iran. 
This outcome is unacceptable and the con-
sequences would have harmful effects on our country and the region. 
Simply put, we cannot trust a country that 
continues to sponsor and sanction terrorism against U.S. interests and actively promotes the destruction of our strongest ally in the Mid-dle East—Israel. 
The United States must limit opportunities 
for Iran to obtain nuclear weapons rather than providing avenues for the spread of such weapons. 
A nuclear Iran will be very unlikely to re-
spond to peaceful international intervention. By permitting Iran to obtain nuclear weapons capability—even after 10 years—we will in-crease the likelihood of future military action in the Middle East. 
This will increase the burden on our already 
strained military and put the brave men and women of our armed forces at risk unneces-sarily—while increasing the possibility of fur-ther destabilization in multiple countries in the Middle East. 
Additionally, by lifting the sanctions on Iran 
and releasing the money held in accounts held abroad will we be promoting the further fund-ing by Iran of terrorist activities and groups such as Hamas and the Taliban. Strength-ening a regime well known for state sponsor-ship of terrorism goes against all reason. 
Further, we can be sure that other countries 
are looking at this agreement with Iran as a bellwether of permissive activity. If one country in the region is allowed by the United States to obtain a nuclear weapon, surely others will look to follow suit. 
It’s my belief that Congress should step up 
the pressure and reject any agreement that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JY8.001 E09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1024 July 9, 2015 
does not meet our nation’s strategic objec-
tives. I am deeply concerned that the U.S., once a strong leader on the world stage, is now allowing ourselves to be duped and un-dercut by a country with an agenda of terror and instability rather than the peace and co-operation that developed nations seek. 
I urge my colleagues to reject any agree-
ment that diminishes the standing of the U.S. and does not completely cut off weaponized nuclear capabilities for Iran. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RIGIDIZED METALS 
CORPORATION FOR ITS OUT-STANDING INNOVATION AND ITS PASSION FOR THE BUFFALO COMMUNITY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and honor Rigidized Metals Corporation as it celebrates its 75th Anniversary. Along with the dedicated team of Rigidized Metals, CEO Rick Smith has made significant contributions to metal technology while sustaining strong local ties. Rigidized Metals consistently seeks to improve both its product and the region, focusing on energy and environmental sustainability as well as maintaining the highest quality product. 
Since 1940, Rigidized Metals has been fos-
tering collaboration, passion, and achievement both in its field and among its employees. The company continues to attend events such as trade shows to continue its improvement and discuss ways to further reduce cost, energy use, and environmental harm. Rigidized Met-als manufactures, textures, and finished met-als that are not only made of sixty-percent re-cycled material but that are also one-hundred- percent recyclable. Moreover, Rigidized Metals has received LEED Credits, which recognizes its leadership in energy and environmental de-sign. 
Besides their positive ecological impact, the 
company strives for durability, strength, and natural beauty in their products. From impact resistant railing overlooking Niagara Falls to scratch-resistant textured metal in the National Hockey League’s locker room, Rigidized Met-al’s products are designed expertly to aug-ment each unique environment, considering factors such as acoustics, shade and reflec-tion. Its Cave of the Winds project in Niagara Falls required a unique curvature, lightweight structure, moisture resistance, and a textured depth. Another local project at the Burchfield Penny Art Center includes light and projector totems along the side of the institute, allowing for a new and public approach to viewing art. 
The company does not shy from a chal-
lenge and is recognized for its national influ-ence. A research collaboration with the Uni-versity at Buffalo School of Architecture com-bines industry and academia to achieve a seemingly impossible vertical metal installation that opens up the field to further metal work opportunities. 
Family and friends of the Rigidized Metals 
team will attend the anniversary celebration to commemorate its achievements and usher in a new era of innovation. It took place on Wednesday, July 8th at 4pm at 658 Ohio Street, where the newly remodeled transfer 
station was revealed. The revitalization of the station reflects Rigidized Metals work within the community as it reinvigorates historic land-marks rather than build new facilities. It now features a gallery showroom for products at a key location on Ohio Street, connecting the Inner and Outer Harbors. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to recognize Rigidized Metal Corporation and my good friend Rick Smith on the occasion of the company’s 75th Anniver-sary. Rick is the third generation president. The company was founded by his grandfather, Rick Smith, followed by his father, until Rick took the reins in 2000. I ask that my col-leagues join me in congratulating the company for its leadership in quality, architectural de-sign, sustainability, and commitment to com-munity. Its exceptional impact resides in its pioneering technology, longstanding leader-ship, and passion for future success in Buffalo and beyond. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE SERVICE OF 
JOSHUA ZARKA 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the excellent work of Joshua Zarka. Since 2011, Josh has served as the Minister for Congressional Affairs at the Israeli Em-bassy in Washington, D.C. At the end of July, Josh will conclude his service at the Embassy and return to Israel for a new chapter in his career. 
The United States has historically main-
tained a warm relationship with Israel. This friendship is built by those at the executive level, but nurtured by diplomatic staffs, such as Josh, who work tirelessly behind the scenes to further our countries’ shared goals. In his role as a liaison to the United States Congress, Josh has worked with many of my colleagues and me to strengthen this relation-ship. Josh’s energy and commitment to follow up on even the smallest details was evident each and every day. 
Joshua Zarka serves as an example of how 
diplomacy should take place—friends first. His desire to serve Israel and the broader U.S.- Israel relationship is seldom seen and equal. He will be dearly missed, and I wish him well in his studies at the Israel National Defense College. 
f 
HONORING TONY J. JARAMILLO, 
SR. 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join with family and friends in celebrating Tony J. Jaramillo, Sr.’s 87th birthday. 
Tony was born July 14, 1928 in Socorro 
County to Juan and Flora Jaramillo—he was the eldest of eight children. When it came time to start high school, Tony received a scholar-ship to attend Lourdes High School in Albu-
querque with the intent of becoming a priest. Ultimately, Tony decided not to stay at Lourdes and would later graduate from Socorro High School in 1947. Shortly after, in 1948, he married the love of his life, Gloria Jean Bowers and they started a family. 
What drives Tony is his passion for politics, 
his selfless dedication to public service, and his resolve to ensure that the citizens of Socorro are living in a thriving community. He has held many elected offices during his life-time, beginning with Justice of the Peace from 1966 through 1970; member of the Socorro School Board from 1966 through 1972; mem-ber of the Socorro City Council from 1970 through 1978; Mayor of Socorro from 1978 through 1986; and Socorro County Manager from 1986 through 1990. He has also been very involved in the Democratic Party, serving as the Democratic Party Chairman from 1972 to 1988 where he actively engaged the New Mexico Legislature. 
As a businessman, Tony has been very 
successful. A licensed Real Estate Broker, he owned and operated a Property and Casualty Agency for many years and was the owner of La Fiesta Bakery and the Mountain Mail Newspaper. Many in Socorro remember his time as the manager of the local Loma The-ater, a position he held for over 20 years. And, when he served as mayor, he made economic development a priority and brought the Indus-trial Park and new businesses to the city. 
He and his wife, Gloria, raised eight children 
and they have many grandchildren and great grandchildren. I would like to extend a ‘‘Happy Birthday’’ to Tony J. Jaramillo, Sr., and thank him for his dedicated public service and for his efforts to create a vibrant community for the citizens of Socorro. 
f 
SPEECH OF MARYAM RAJAVI, THE 
ELECTED PRESIDENT OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL OF RESIST-ANCE OF IRAN (NCR) IN 2015 PARIS GRAND GATHERING OF THE IRANIAN RESISTANCE—13 JUNE 2015 
HON. ROBERT PITTENGER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I submit the 
following speech by Maryam Rajavi, the elect-ed President of the National Council of Resist-ance of Iran (NRC). 
In the name of God, In the name of Iran, In 
the name of Freedom, In the name of 120,000 shining stars, the blazing flames of honor and dignity who defied the religious tyranny, and In the name of all the unsung heroes and heroines who made the ultimate sacrifice so that others could live free; so that in the darkest hour of her history, Iran shines with stars, stands proud and cries out: ‘‘Down with the velayat-e faqih regime!’’ 
VOICE AND MESSAGE OF IRAN ’S GENUINE  
OWNERS  
Elected representatives of nations around 
the globe, Honorable dignitaries, My fellow compatriots, here and all over Iran: I sin-cerely extend my gratitude to you all for joining this gathering. We have come here to convey to the world the voice and message of Iran’s rightful owners, the Iranian people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY8.007 E09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1025 July 9, 2015 
Amid an unrelenting uproar over the Iranian 
regime’s ominous nuclear program and three inhuman wars in the region, we have come to say that those who are speaking on behalf of Iran are in fact the enemies of Iran and all Iranians. The people of Iran neither want nu-clear weapons, nor meddling in Iraq, Syria or Yemen, nor despotism, torture and shackles. The people of Iran are the tens of millions of enraged teachers, students, nurses and work-ers who demand freedom, democracy, jobs and livelihood. 
They say: First, the velayat-e faqih regime 
has reached the end of the line. Second, the 
only way to end the violations of human rights in Iran, the nuclear impasse, the cri-ses in the region, and the confrontation with ISIS and terrorism, is to topple the Caliph of regression and terrorism in Iran. 
MAJOR CHANGE , A COMMON DEMAND  
Look at Iran as it has risen up today. It is 
inflamed and seething despite nearly 1,800 executions during Hassan Rouhani’s tenure: The uprising in Mahabad and the protests in Sanandaj, Sardasht, Saqqez and Marivan, re-flect the courage and upheaval of Iranian Kurds in the face of crime and injustice. Suc-cessive demonstrations by teachers all across our nation echo the cries of those who have been ignored and have now risen up for the right to life and right to freedom; The daily strikes and sit-ins by workers resonate the outcries of starving families nationwide; Dozens of armed clashes involving young Baluchis, Kurds and Arabs reflect the fury of an enchained nation which has been denied of any means to protest; Hundreds of hunger strikes and protests by political prisoners, embody the perseverance of a nation that has defeated the mullahs even in torture chambers; The sit-ins of the mothers of death-row prisoners, the protests of Gonabadi and Ahl-e Haq dervishes, and the suffering of impoverished street venders are the rumblings of a mountain about to erupt. Look at today’s Iran. Do you see any Iranian not discontented or not wanting change? 
The 15 million deprived and destitute citi-
zens languishing in shanty towns in the sub-urbs, the 10 to 15 million young people who cannot find jobs and the millions of families feeling the heavy burden of high prices, all of them, feel the same pain and demand major change. So, I am speaking to you, my be-loved countrymen and women across the na-tion. Your resistance, your struggle and your solidarity are stronger than any other force. Stand up to the ruling regime and create 1,000 Ashrafs, meaning 1,000 bastions of rebel-lion in Iran. Major uprisings will arise out of your protests. And the army of rebellion and liberation will be the harbinger of Iran’s freedom for the world. 
A DEFEATED NUCLEAR STRATEGY  
Ladies and gentlemen: The nuclear pro-
gram that projected the power of the velayat-e faqih regime for the past quarter century is now a source of the mullahs’ weakness and impasse. Why did Khamenei acquiesce to the Geneva Accord, despite being only two to three months away from nuclear weapons capability? The answer is simple: Because he feared another eruption of uprisings; because his nuclear strategy has run aground; and because in the words of his foreign minister, the regime’s strategic capacity has been eroded. This explains why the Geneva Accord destabilized the regime and the Lausanne Agreement destabilized it even further. Unlike Khomeini, who drank from the chalice of poison of ceasefire in the Iran-Iraq war in 1988, Khamenei could not agree to a comprehensive deal with the P5+1. He says, ‘‘I neither agree nor disagree.’’ This means that his regime is at an impasse. The same situation prevails as pertains to the final, comprehensive agreement. Whether or not Khamenei agrees to it, the regime can-
not escape the prospects of being over-thrown. 
WRAPPING UP THE BOMB -MAKING STRUCTURE  
Unfortunately, western governments, the 
United States in particular, violated UN Se-curity Council resolutions and offered major concessions, propelling the regime closer to the Bomb. I should therefore remind western governments that the Iranian people and Re-sistance will not accept any agreement that does not dismantle the regime’s bomb-mak-ing infrastructure. UN Security Council res-olutions must be implemented fully. Ura-nium enrichment must be halted completely. All suspect sites, military or otherwise must be inspected. And the regime must provide answers to the military dimensions of its nu-clear project and make its nuclear experts available for IAEA questioning. 
P5+1 Leaders: If you do not want a nuclear- 
armed fundamentalist regime, stop appeas-ing it. Do not bargain over the human rights of the Iranian people and recognize their or-ganized Resistance which is striving for free-dom. You are gravely mistaken in thinking that there is no solution. There is a solution for ending the mullahs’ nuclear weapons pro-gram: regime change by the Iranian people and Resistance. As the Iranian Resistance’s Leader Massoud Rajavi has declared, ‘‘Re-sistance against this regime is our duty and our inalienable right. We have been and will be at war with this regime. With or without enrichment, with and without nuclear weap-ons, and under any circumstances, the strug-gle for freedom is the inalienable right of the Iranian people.’’ 
FAILURES AND FLAWS OF VALI -E FAQIH  
Ladies and gentlemen: The regime’s crit-
ical situation can be seen in Khamenei’s fail-ures and in the erosion of his standing. Khamenei has failed to unify the ruling clique. His acquiescence to Rouhani’s presi-dency reflects this failure. This failure, how-ever, was initially neither because of inter-national sanctions nor due to the economic crisis. The most important reason was the Resistance and the Iranian people’s uprisings. Today, the regime’s Supreme Leader and its President have faced off, bashing one another on a daily basis. The power struggle is reaching the final phase. Rafsanjani has openly called for dividing the power and authority of the Supreme Leader. For the first time, a rival faction has taken shape against Khamenei. The pro-Khamenei faction has significantly split and disinte-grated. In other words, the body whose task is to preserve the regime in times of tension and turmoil is itself crumbling. Indeed, the ruling theocracy has rotted at its core. All signs point to the end of this decadent re-gime. 
MULLAHS TRAPPED IN THREE WARS  
Ladies and gentlemen: Today, the clerical 
regime has fallen into the trap of three re-gional wars, in which it can neither advance nor retreat. The bubble-like expansion of the ruling theocracy has put it in a perilous pre-dicament. In Syria, what the mullahs built is teetering because it was erected on quick-sand. Although the clerical regime has spent billions of dollars annually to prop up Bashar Assad, today the Syrian dictator is gasping for air. I hope that on victory day, Khamenei joins Assad before the Inter-national Criminal Court for the slaughter of 300,000 Syrian men, women and children. In Iraq, the clerical regime has lost its puppet government of Nouri al-Maliki. This is the beginning of the regime’s demise not only in Iraq but also throughout the region. Al-though the regime continues to commit genocide against the Sunnis by the Quds Force that meddles in Iraq under the pretext of fighting the ISIS, these efforts will prove 
futile and will not restore the regime’s losses. And in Yemen, Khamenei sought to take over the country to gain the upper hand during the nuclear talks and amid the re-gional crisis. It, however, turned the largest regional coalition against Tehran. When Bashar Assad is toppled or when the regime’s forces are defeated in Iraq or in Yemen, the regime’s entire front in the Middle East will collapse. This regime lacks the capability to advance in these three wars. On the other hand, if it retreats, it will implode. Such an impasse thus attests to the certainty of the overthrow of the velayat-e faqih regime. 
NECESSARY EVICTION FROM THE ENTIRE REGION  
Today, western and Arab world’s policy 
makers stress that ISIS and Bashar Assad are the two sides of the same coin. I add that the Caliph in Tehran is the godfather of both of them. The fact is that ISIS emerged out of the atrocities perpetrated by Bashar Assad and Maliki committed on orders from the clerical regime. I therefore call upon western governments to refrain from taking sides with the Tehran regime. In Iraq, do not col-laborate with the regime’s Revolutionary Guards Corps and the so-called Shiite mili-tias who are a hundred times more dan-gerous than the other henchmen. The solu-tion in Iraq is to evict the mullahs’ regime forces, to empower Sunni power-sharing, and to arm the Sunni tribes. The solution in Syria is to evict the Iranian regime’s forces and to support the people of Syria in over-throwing Assad’s dictatorship. The solution in Yemen is to stand up to Tehran, as the Arab coalition has already done. This must be pursued until the regime is uprooted all across the region. Indeed, the solution is to evict the Iranian regime from the entire re-gion and to topple the Caliph of regression and terrorism Iran. 
AN ORGANIZED MOVEMENT  
Ladies and gentlemen: When social condi-
tions are ripe for change, there is no element more vital than the existence of an organized movement. This explains why the mullahs fear and attempt to destroy the People’s Mojahedin (PMOI/MEK) and the National Council of Resistance of Iran. The mullahs have always considered the PMOI’s presence in Iraq as an existential threat because they are the vanguard force in the fight against religious fascism. The PMOI and the NCRI hoisted the banner of peace in diametric op-position to Khomeini’s persistence on pro-longing the Iran-Iraq war. The PMOI formed the National Liberation Army. The PMOI and the NCR foiled the nefarious conspir-acies of the Iranian regime and its appeasers, and nullified the unjust terrorist label by winning in more than 20 courts in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and elsewhere in Europe. The PMOI and the Na-tional Council of Resistance discredited and terminated the 15-year-long case opened by the French Judiciary. They upheld the Ira-nian people’s right to regime change. 
TERMINATION OF PRISON CONDITIONS AND  
BLOCKADE OF CAMP LIBERTY  
Dear friends: Over the past three decades, 
the mullahs have endeavored to annihilate this movement more than anything else. Their efforts include thousands of conspir-acies and churning out allegations particu-larly against the Resistance Leader Massoud Rajavi. They have also fired 1,000 missiles at PMOI and National Liberation Army bases in 2000. We all recall that in an attempt to crack down on the June 2009 uprisings, the regime first attacked Camp Ashraf. Simi-larly, the morning after his defeat during the Presidential elections in 2013, Khamenei or-dered a rocket attack on Camp Liberty. And two years ago, when he decided to sign the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY8.010 E09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1026 July 9, 2015 
nuclear accord, he ordered that Ashraf resi-
dents be massacred. The mullahs’ real aim is to annihilate the residents of Liberty or se-cure their surrender to the regime. This ex-plains why the regime is hindering their re-location out of Iraq, On the other hand, by repeatedly violating international treaties and reneging on their written obligations to-ward the Ashrafis, the U.S. and the UN have in practice sided with the religious fascism ruling Iran. I once again call on the U.S. and the UN to take urgent action to protect the Camp Liberty residents and put an end to the medical and logistical siege of the camp and its prison-like conditions. If the United States does not guarantee that the PMOI is protected against attacks by the terrorist Quds Force, it must, at least, return part of its member’s personal arms for self-defense and protection purposes. 
HOPE AND CAUSE  
Dear friends: Change in Iran is within 
reach because not only has the regime rotted to the core, but Iranian society is also ready for change and path to that change has al-ready been paved. This path has been opened and led by Massoud Rajavi and this is his great mandate. When he left the Shah’s pris-on, Massoud asked: ‘‘How could anyone shackle and enchain a nation forever?’’ In pursuit of the ideal of freedom, Massoud Rajavi created a movement that has pro-pelled Iran towards freedom. Yes, the na-tional uprising of June 20, 1981, the National Council of Resistance and the National Lib-eration Army, Ashraf City and Camp Lib-erty, are all cornerstones that he shaped and inspired in order to secure freedom in Iran. The late Ayatollah Taleqani said that inter-rogators at Evin Prison feared Massoud Rajavi’s name. Now, the ruling mullahs and their cohorts also fear both his name and his words because he has turned the forbidden word of ‘‘toppling the regime’’ into a major movement that has driven the religious fas-cism into an impasse. He has taught the van-guard generation of Iran that in the struggle against the velayat-e faqih’s barbarism, the only gem blessed with an eternal spirit is one’s commitment to an ideal, having faith, maintaining hope, being truthful, and mak-ing sacrifices. The PMOI, which just this year will celebrate its fiftieth anniversary, has advanced a struggle for a cause and ideal, without focusing on what they will themselves gain from it. Having an ideal means standing as resolute as a mountain, yet flowing as freely as a river, and gripping ever so tightly the banner of liberty despite all the storms and calamities. It means shed-ding all fears of both the length of the strug-gle and the enormous price it demands. This is the path that guides the ship of freedom toward the shores of salvation. 
From the PMOI founder Mohammad 
Hanifnejad and his associates to young peo-ple who join our ranks every day, from the men who believe in the ideal of equality to the 1,000 vanguard women who form the PMOI’s Central Council, they all have one thing in common. They have chosen the tra-dition of sacrificing themselves without ex-pecting any reciprocity. They adhere to a tradition that has guided the actions of van-guards and pioneers of freedom since the be-ginnings of time; the tradition of embracing a fiery commitment and remaining faithful to the idea that this world is defined by change and not by destiny. Our Constitution is freedom, democracy and equality With this ideal and this faith, we are determined to build a free and democratic society. A century ago, the Mojahedin of the Constitu-tional Movement sought to realize ‘‘justice, freedom, equality and unity.’’ Afterwards, the great nationalist leader of Iran, Dr. Mo-hammad Mossadeq, rose up and said, ‘‘The aim is to ensure that people participate in 
every aspect of affairs, whether good or bad, and take over the affairs of the nation.’’ Sub-sequently, the Fedayeen and the PMOI and other vanguard militants opened the path to overthrowing the Shah’s dictatorship. And now, our Resistance—with a galaxy of fallen heroes and heroines from Ashraf Rajavi and Moussa Khiabani to Sedigheh Mojaveri and Neda Hassani to Zohreh Ghaemi and Giti Givechian—has arisen to ensure freedom of choice for each and every one of our fellow Iranians. We have rejected the ruling tyran-nical regime. We have rejected forcible and misogynous religion. And we have rejected the Constitution of the velayat-e faqih. Our Constitution is freedom, democracy and equality. Our Constitution has not been drafted by the Assembly of Experts, a collec-tion of criminals. It has been engraved in the hearts of each and every Iranian. And it will be drafted by elected representatives of the Iranian people in a Constituent Assembly. This Constitution is founded on a free, toler-ant and advanced republic. It is founded on pluralism, separation of religion and state, women’s equality and their active and equal participation in political leadership. We be-lieve in equal rights for all ethnic and reli-gious minorities and a society devoid of tor-ture and executions. My fellow compatriots, who have gathered here, and my dear com-patriots who are hearing me right now all across Iran, are you ready to expand the campaign for Iran’s liberation and overthrow the velayat-e faqih regime? Indeed, to carry out this great responsibility, which will her-ald a glorious future, we pledge before Iran’s history and nation that we are ready, ready, ready. Indeed, with the hope and faith in freedom, we have gone through half a cen-tury of struggle against two dictatorships. And we will continue with ever-greater hope and determination until freedom and democ-racy reign supreme in Iran. Yes, we can break the chains; And flow to the sea like a river; With a radiant cause, we can; Destroy the darkness of injustice; We can and we must sing in unison; In every breath, of Iran’s freedom; No doubt, the future belongs to you; Hundreds of hails to you and your struggle. 
May victory be yours! 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHERYL BEAVER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and to congratulate Cheryl Beaver of Clarinda, Iowa for being selected as the Educator of the Year by the Iowa Family and Consumer Sciences Educator Associa-tion. After attending Iowa State University, Cheryl worked for the Clarinda Community School District, where she has taught high school in Family Consumer Science (FCS) for the past 34 years. In addition to her teaching career, Cheryl has further invested in her stu-dents with her leadership of the Family, Ca-reer and Community Leaders of America (FCCLA) at the Clarinda High School and Clarinda Middle School. 
Cheryl takes great pride in teaching life 
skills and promoting family life in her schools and community. She teaches valuable life skills in consumer resource management, fam-ily living, food and nutrition, culinary arts, inte-rior design, human development, child devel-opment, and textiles and clothing. She has earned the respect and admiration of students 
by giving them the opportunities for personal growth, expanding their leadership potential and developing indispensable skills to serve their families, communities, and workplaces. Cheryl teaches with energy and integrity. She treats all of her students equally and cares for their personal growth. Cheryl is a positive role model and has dedicated her life to improving her students’ lives both in and outside of the classroom. 
I commend Cheryl’s leadership and her car-
ing style because it will leave a lasting impact on many of her students. Cheryl is an Iowan who is making a great difference in the lives of her students and for that we are deeply proud. She has dedicated her life to helping and serving others and so it is with great honor that I recognize her today. I know my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representa-tives join me in honoring her accomplish-ments. I thank her for her service and wish her and her family all the best moving forward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DAYTON RAS-
MUSSEN, SAM ROSSINI, AND GARRETT WAITE OF THE WA-TERLOO BLACK HAWKS 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to ac-
knowledge three players on the Waterloo Black Hawks, a United States Hockey League (USHL) team from my district, as they prepare to represent the United States in a prestigious international hockey tournament. 
Goalie Dayton Rasmussen, defenseman 
Sam Rossini, and forward Garrett Waite were chosen to participate on the national team for the Ivan Hlinka Memorial Cup Tournament in the Czech Republic and Slovakia this August. The tournament, hosted by the Czech Ice Hockey Association and Slovak Ice Hockey Federation, serves as the premier hockey tournament for under-18 teams. 
As the co-chair of the Congressional Slovak 
Caucus and a member of the Congressional Czech Caucus, I look forward to this inter-national display of athletics in Slovakia and the Czech Republic. I am excited to watch these three Waterloo Black Hawks represent their country and hope they do so with the ut-most dignity and class that reflects my con-stituents in Iowa. This type of international cul-tural exchange with our friends in Eastern Eu-rope demonstrates the universal appeal of sportsmanship, competition, and international diplomacy that athletics can provide. 
Congratulations to Dayton, Sam, and Gar-
rett on their selection to the United States under-18 team and I wish them the best of luck in the tournament. 
f 
MR. MARK MOELLER— 
EMBODIMENT OF SERVICE 
HON. JOHN RATCLIFFE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I submit the 
recognition of an outstanding public servant, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JY8.011 E09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1027 July 9, 2015 
leader, and family man, Rockwall Police Chief 
Mark Moeller. Chief Moeller plans to retire on July 17th after 38 years in law enforcement, the past 13 years serving as chief. He began his career with the Dallas Police Department in 1977, where he worked in several divisions and held a variety of positions including detec-tive, sergeant, and lieutenant. In 2002, he was appointed Chief of the Rockwall Police Depart-ment, where he brought his broad base of ex-perience and wisdom to lead the Department through unprecedented growth and change. During that time, he tirelessly served the citi-zens of Rockwall and the surrounding area with the highest level of professionalism and integrity, and his community is forever grateful for his dedication. 
When Chief Moeller began his tenure in 
Rockwall, the city had a population of 20,000 and 42 sworn officers. The city now supports 43,000 residents and has almost doubled the number of sworn officers to 79. Included among Chief Moeller’s many accomplishments in Rockwall, he established a fully trained SWAT team and a police volunteer program, Citizens on Patrol. A career highlight was twice earning recognition from the Texas Po-lice Chiefs Association, which requires meet-ing 166 standards. 
Mark earned a Bachelor of Science in Crimi-
nal Justice Administration and a Master of Science in Human Relations and Business, and he is a graduate of the FBI National Academy. In retirement, he plans to travel with his wife of almost 36 years, Debbie, volunteer more with the First United Methodist Church, Helping Hands, and Habitat for Humanity. He and Debbie also plan to spend time with their two married children, Matt and Kimberly, and their four wonderful grandchildren. Chief Mark Moeller leaves behind a distinguished legacy, and the influence of his steadfast and progres-sive leadership will be felt for many years to come. I ask my colleagues to join me today in congratulating Mark Moeller, and wishing him all the best in this next chapter of life. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, during the roll 
call votes on Wednesday, July 8, 2015, I re-corded an incorrect vote on an amendment that was offered to the Student Success Act. 
On roll call number 410 to the Student Suc-
cess Act, I intended to vote YES. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RANDY CHAPMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mr. Randy Chapman of Sidney, Iowa, on his re-cent retirement as a Deputy with the Fremont County Sheriff’s Department. For more than 20 years, Randy has served in law enforce-ment in Fremont County. Randy started his career as the Sidney Police Chief before join-ing the Fremont County Sheriff’s Department 
in 1994. He said helping people was the rea-son for becoming an officer and a deputy. 
Randy said, ‘‘I got to take care of many 
issues and in the process I was able to help many county residents.’’ He has seen many changes in the methods and procedures of being an effective law enforcement officer. Randy reflected, ‘‘being a native of the Sidney area has helped me perform my duties. Peo-ple knew I was fair and that I did not play fa-vorites. It has been a rewarding career.’’ 
Randy Chapman made a difference by help-
ing and serving others. It is with great honor that I recognize him today. I know that my col-leagues in the House join me in honoring his accomplishments. I thank him for his service to Fremont County, Iowa, and wish him and his family all the best moving forward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. ROBERT GENE 
LAWSON 
HON. ED WHITFIELD 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Mr. Robert Gene Lawson, a re-nowned professor who greatly contributed to law reform efforts and education in Kentucky. He retired on July 1 after 50 years of teaching at the University of Kentucky, College of Law. He advanced the lives of countless students through education and public service. A few of his students include U.S. Senate Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Governor Steve 
Beshear, U.S. Representative A NDYBARR, and 
most of the Kentucky Supreme Court. He was also one of my favorite professors, and I have a great deal of respect and admiration for him. 
Professor Lawson was born in 1938 in a 
small coal mining community in West Virginia. His father, a coal miner, urged him to escape the coal camp through education, and Pro-fessor Lawson worked his way through tuition- free Berea College and then went on to re-ceive a law degree from the University of Ken-tucky in 1963. He practiced law for two years and then accepted an invitation to teach at his alma mater in 1965. He served as the Dean of the College of Law from 1971–1973 and again from 1982–1988. Professor Lawson is a Member of the University of Kentucky, College of Law Hall of Fame, and University of Ken-tucky Hall of Distinguished Alumni. 
In addition to his impressive teaching his-
tory, Professor Lawson has many other signifi-cant accomplishments that contributed to the Commonwealth of Kentucky. He was the prin-cipal drafter of Kentucky’s Penal Code, and its rules of Courtroom Evidence, and led inves-tigation into the Beverly Hills Supper Club fire in 1977 that killed 165 people in Northern Kentucky. Bob Lawson has tirelessly worked with the General Assembly to ensure that state jails and prisons are housing criminals and not people, such as the mentally ill and the addicted, who can be rehabilitated into productive members of society. Professor Lawson has written an important paper on criminal and evidence law, books that now oc-cupy the shelves of law libraries and judicial chambers. 
The University of Kentucky and the entire 
Commonwealth have surely benefitted from Professor Lawson’s time and service. His leg-
acy will carry on as his students continue to serve in the legal profession and public serv-ice, and I personally thank him for his years of honorable dedication and tutelage. 
f 
THE CLAIMS LICENSING ADVANCE-
MENT FOR INTERSTATE MAT-TERS ACT (CLAIM ACT) 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
introduce the Claims Licensing Advancement for Interstate Matters Act, known as the CLAIM Act to help consumers save millions of dollars in insurance costs and create more jobs. 
Under current law, independent claims ad-
justers face a hodgepodge of inconsistent state regulations that only serve to delay the prompt adjustment of claims for natural disas-ters, accident victims, and other tragedies in life. Independent claims adjusters must take a license examination in each state in which they work. This requires adjusters to take time off from their job and travel to each state in which they seek a license. This is a costly bur-den on the claims adjusters, the companies that employ them, and ultimately, the con-sumer. Sadly, it is the consumer who currently pays for these costs in higher premiums. 
Today, it is my pleasure to introduce a bill 
that would end this costly burden. The CLAIM Act would lead to a process that would pro-vide independent claims adjusters licensing reciprocity so their home-state license is valid in any other state. 
This legislation builds upon the success 
Congress has already had in encouraging states to coordinate licensing for agents and brokers, and appropriately expands that prece-dent to claims adjusters, who face many of the same licensing issues. 
To be clear, the CLAIM Act does not create 
a new federal law and does not ‘‘federalize’’ the insurance industry. The CLAIM Act re-spects states’ rights to continue to regulate in-surance. The CLAIM Act would make sure that each state keeps its independence to adopt rules as they see fit and recognizes that state insurance regulators are best situated to address insurance licensing standards. 
The goal of this bill is to streamline the 
claims adjustment process so that individual claims adjusters can respond in the fastest possible and most cost-effective manner pos-sible. I look forward to further discussing the issues of uniformity and reciprocity and the CLAIM Act as we move forward in the Com-mittee process. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JY8.014 E09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1028 July 9, 2015 
Today, it is $18,151,929,875,352.39. We’ve 
added $7,525,052,826,439.31 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PELLA CORPORATION 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Pella Corporation of Pella, Iowa. Pella Corporation has reached an important milestone this year and I join them in celebrating their 90th anni-versary of providing window services to Amer-ica. 
Since its founding on February 6, 1925, 
Pella Corporation has strived to provide inno-vative products to meet the needs of their cus-tomers and has been determined to maintain excellence through even the toughest of times. They kept their doors open during the Great Depression, both World Wars, and the 2007– 2009 recession. Even during these trying times, they have continued to care for their hardworking employees and the communities where their manufacturing facilities are lo-cated. They continue to strive for excellence in everything they do and provide a beacon of leadership not only in Pella, but in the entire state of Iowa. 
It is with great honor that I recognize Pella 
Corporation and its hard working employees today for their hard work and perseverance. I also invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Pella Corporation on their 90th anniversary. I wish them nothing but con-tinued success for another 90 years. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE ANCIENT AND 
ACCEPTED SCOTTISH RITE MA-SONS 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
offer my congratulations to the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite Masons as they cele-brate their 151 years of service. 
The Scottish Rite Masons is a national orga-
nization of individuals that strive to enrich the lives of their members and enhance the com-munities in which they live. The Scottish Rites’ first Supreme Council was founded in Charles-ton, South Carolina in 1801, and a second Su-preme Council was created in New York in 1806. 
The Scottish Rite Masons’ mission pro-
claims that they ‘‘emulate the principles of brotherly love, tolerance, charity and truth while actively embracing high social, moral and spiritual values including fellowship, com-passion, and dedication to God, family and country.’’ 
They also produce a strategic plan that dis-
plays five objectives, including offering Ma-sonic knowledge, establishing a public rela-tions department, supporting philanthropic ac-tivities, providing a framework for effective 
leadership and providing financial stability for a long-term success of the Fraternity. 
The Scottish Rite Masons have been instru-
mental in assisting youth in their academic pursuits and have made generous contribu-tions to the American Heart Association, American Cancer Foundation, YMCA, NAACP and a myriad of other non-profit entities. 
Mr. Speaker, The Ancient and Accepted 
Scottish Rite Masons have improved the lives of many and continue to make outstanding and a wide-range of contributions to our soci-ety. I ask that you and my colleagues join me in congratulating them on this celebration. 
f 
IN HONOR OF NATIONAL 
GASTROPARESIS AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on 
behalf of Americans affected by gastroparesis, also known as delayed gastric emptying, in observance of National Gastroparesis Aware-ness Month in August. 
Gastroparesis is a chronic medical condition 
where the stomach cannot empty properly in the absence of any observable blockage. Fac-tors causing gastroparesis may include long- standing diabetes, complications from sur-geries, or other illnesses, such as MS and Parkinson’s disease. 
Gastroparesis is relatively common, affect-
ing an estimated 5 million Americans including thousands in my district in Milwaukee. While it can strike anyone at any age, gastroparesis is four times more likely to affect women than men. 
Gastroparesis can be debilitating and some-
times life threatening. Symptoms (including nausea or vomiting, stomach fullness, inability to finish a meal, and others) usually occur dur-ing and after eating a normal sized meal and can result in problems, such as severe dehy-dration, difficulty managing blood glucose lev-els, obstruction, and malnutrition. 
There is no cure for gastroparesis. Treat-
ments like dietary measures, medications, pro-cedures to maintain nutrition, and surgery can only reduce symptoms and related problems with the hope of maintaining quality of life. 
Studies reveal a growing incidence of 
gastroparesis, as well as increasing rates of related hospitalizations and emergency room visits. However, as gastroparesis is a poorly understood condition, delayed diagnosis, treat-ment, and management of the condition are frequent challenges faced by this patient pop-ulation. 
Gastroparesis creates a significant burden 
on individuals and families. It also places a burden of direct and indirect costs on the com-munity, economy, and U.S. healthcare system. 
I applaud the efforts of nonprofit groups like 
the International Foundation for Functional Gastrointestinal Disorders (IFFGD) from Mil-waukee, as well as other patient organiza-tions, to provide education and support that will help those affected by gastroparesis. 
I urge my fellow colleagues to join me in 
recognizing August as National Gastroparesis Awareness Month in an effort to improve our understanding and awareness of this condi-
tion, as well as support increased research for effective treatments of people affected by gastroparesis. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF GERALDINE 
SIMMONS RUTLEDGE 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
with a heavy heart to honor the life of Mrs. Geraldine Rutledge. Known affectionately as ‘‘Gerri’’ to her friends and family, she was born on April 8, 1945, and passed peacefully on Thursday, July 2, 2015 at her home sur-rounded by her family and friends. 
Mrs. Rutledge received her formal education 
in the Ecorse Public School system in Ecorse, Michigan. She continued her higher education at Tennessee State University in Nashville, Tennessee, where she earned an under-graduate degree in Elementary Education. She later received a graduate degree from Eastern Michigan University. Her teaching ca-reer spanned more than thirty years in the Wil-low Run Community Schools, and she retired in 2000 from Henry Ford Elementary School. During her tenure, she was an active member of the Michigan Education Association, served two consecutive terms as President of the local union, and touched the lives of countless children. 
On Christmas Eve, 1967, she married her 
college sweetheart, State Representative David Rutledge, a dear friend of mine. They are the loving parents of Felicia and Marcus and together, they supported each other’s en-deavors in business and public service. 
As an active member of the community, 
Mrs. Rutledge was a faithful member of the Second Baptist Church of Ypsilanti. She con-tinually worked to strengthen her relationship with God through biblical studies and church attendance. She was also an active member of the Red Hat Society, and Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today to honor the life and memory of Mrs. Geraldine Rutledge. She lived a life worthy of recognition. As she makes her way to her heavenly home, may her family and friends take comfort in the memory of the love she shared and the contributions she made to her community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHILDREN’S CANCER 
CONNECTION 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Children’s 
Cancer Connection of Des Moines, Iowa. Chil-dren’s Cancer Connection was recently recog-nized for their outstanding commitment to business ethics by the Better Business Bureau (BBB) and presented with a 2015 Integrity Award. 
The Better Business Bureau has been de-
veloping and administering self-regulation pro-grams for the business community for the past 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JY8.019 E09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1029 July 9, 2015 
75 years. The Integrity Awards were estab-
lished in 1993 to recognize exemplary busi-nesses while promoting the BBB’s mission of leadership in advancing marketplace trust. 
Children’s Cancer Connection has lived up 
to these goals and provided excellent service since 1988 to children battling childhood can-cer. They offer their service at little or no cost to the families dealing with this devastating disease and do not turn away patients be-cause of their finances. 
I applaud and congratulate Children’s Can-
cer Connection for earning this prestigious award and for their dedicated service to our community. I am proud to represent them in 
the U.S. Congress and I know that my col-leagues join me in congratulating Children’s Cancer Connection and wishing them nothing but continued success in their future endeav-ors. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE RETIREMENT 
OF CHANCELLOR WILLIAM ENGLISH ‘‘BRIT’’ KIRWAN 
HON. ELIJAH E. CUMMINGS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Brit Kirwan, Chancellor of the University System of Maryland on his recent retirement. Dr. Kirwan has been a strong and inspirational leader of the university system in our great state, and we are sad to see him go. 
Dr. Kirwan first left his mark on the Univer-
sity of Maryland when he served as an educa-tor and instructor at our flagship campus in College Park for 25 years. When he left Mary-land in 2002 to become President of the Ohio State University, he did so after having risen from an assistant professor in the mathe-matics department to department chair, pro-vost, and eventually university president. 
When Dr. Kirwan returned to Maryland in 
2002, to become chancellor of the University System of Maryland he quickly set to work, helping to shift the focus of the system and create innovative ways to support student de-velopment. To do so he often used technology and the unique resources of the state of Mary-land and national capital region to do so. Since Dr. Kirwan became chancellor, enroll-ment has risen 24 percent and the number of students receiving bachelor’s degrees has also grown significantly, by 36 percent. 
When he retired on June 30, completing a 
proud career of public service, Dr. Kirwan had led significant improvements to our university system that will benefit both students and fac-ulty for decades to come. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Dr. Kirwan for his dedi-cated service to our students and congratulate him on an impressive career. The entire Mary-land congressional delegation is proud to have worked alongside him and we wish him well in his hard earned retirement. REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF 
VIVIAN E. JONES 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise with 
great sadness as I announce the passing of my longtime District Administrator, Vivian E. Jones. As I speak with profound sorrow, I as-cend to celebrate a life well lived and to re-member with fondness the accomplishments of a remarkable woman who, over her 45 years of service to me and this body, etched her name in the walls of Congress as one of its longest serving staff members. 
Vivian’s death on July 2, 2015, brought im-
mense sorrow and loss to me, my staff, and to the countless constituents that counted on her assistance. The many who met and were touched by Vivian and her life’s work can at-test that she was equal parts strong mind and ample heart, a humble soul who cared deeply about the issues of the day and their impact on everyday people. And yet she was able to influence public decision making, develop ac-tivities of enormous impact and provide moti-vation, inspiration, and consolation to the younger members of my staff 
Vivian Jones goes back to my days at law- 
firm Weaver, Evans, Wingate & Wright. She was my administrative assistant when I first practiced law. Vivian became a part of my campaign staff in March of 1970, when I, then a young New York State Assemblyman, chal-lenged the legendary Adam Clayton Powell, Jr. for the Congressional Seat. 
Upon election to the Congress, she joined 
the Congressional Staff as my Executive Sec-retary. As a freshman Congressman, I was the beneficiary of Vivian’s previous experience with secretarial and paralegal work. She im-mediately became responsible for my sched-ule and constituent services in the district of-fice, which was all done without computers in those early days of my career in the House. 
In 1975, Vivian succeeded Virginia Bell as 
the District Administrator (District Director). In her new role, Vivian’s responsibilities ex-panded to the role of a Chief of Staff in the District. She managed the local district offices, directed work activities, supervised staff, and oversaw and coordinated activities in the dif-ferent communities of the Congressional Dis-trict. As a woman in this role in the 1970’s and proceeding decades, she was quite an effec-tive leader and powerful force in pushing my agenda forward in the district. She continued this role until January 1999, when Vivian relin-quished her role, reducing her work load, and began working part-time. 
Although only part-time, a loyal colleague, 
Vivian Jones, continued to coordinate my schedule in conjunction with the scheduler in Washington, DC. She handled all personnel matters pertaining to district staff, and pre-pared correspondences of varying complexity for my signature. Vivian continued to arrive at the office in the wee hours of the morning on her assigned days. As always, she remained committed to offering a sympathetic ear or to jump start a slow or reluctant bureaucracy for a constituent. 
For over 50 years, Vivian’s dynamic spirit 
and sense of purpose served me and all of her past colleagues as a motivation and driv-ing force. She provided the people of the Con-
gressional District incredible assistance over her many years of service to Congress and was a devoted friend to her colleagues and agency staff. 
A simple speech from the floor of this sump-
tuous body will never ease the pain of losing such a precious soul. I can only hope that all of those whose lives were touched by her can take solace in knowing that all of her hard work, guidance, and care throughout the years exceeded all measures of selflessness and devotion to our country. As I stand here with my heart filled with grief, I honor her, not only for her courage, loyalty, faithfulness, and gen-erosity, but also for her simply being a true embodiment of the vision and determination of women that have strengthened and trans-formed America. No one can ever replace such a precious human being. She is survived by her brother Neil Jones and her niece Joyce Rodriguez. 
Mr. Speaker, rather than mourn her passing, 
I would hope that my colleagues join me in celebrating the life of our beloved Vivian Jones by remembering that she exemplified greatness in every way. She was, in life, a shining example of all the best in our land. There is no doubt that she will always be re-membered for her extraordinary commitment, energy, wisdom, principle, and clear purpose which won the admiration of all those who were privileged to come to know her. As stat-ed in Psalm 116:15, ‘‘Precious in the sight of the LORD is the death of his saints.’’ In rest, may she find the peace we all seek. 
f 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE 
FLAG 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, each 
day, as we begin our work in Congress, we pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, a flag that preserves our republic’s promise of liberty and justice for all. 
This is not the message of the Confederate 
battle flag. We all know this flag represents hate, intolerance, and bigotry. Like the Nazi flag, the Confederate flag must be retired to history books and museums. It has no place in the public square. 
Unconscionably, House Republicans are de-
fending the Confederate flag by blocking Democratic efforts to remove this rebel flag from the U.S. Capitol grounds. This comes just hours after House Republicans offered an amendment to undo Democratic amendments that bar the display of the Confederate flag in federal cemeteries, and bar the National Park Service from doing business with gift shops selling Confederate flag merchandise. 
It is a cold, cruel irony that just as South 
Carolina votes to finally remove the Confed-erate flag at their statehouse, House Repub-licans now seek to protect this symbol of hate at the federal level. 
Let us remove the Confederate flag from the 
grounds of the U.S. Capitol. Doing so will honor our country and show respect for the flag of the United States of America, which is the symbol of freedom, justice, and democracy for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JY8.024 E09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1030 July 9, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO MIDWEST 
CONSTRUCTION & SUPPLY INC. 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Midwest Construction & Supply Incorporated of Grimes, Iowa. Midwest Construction & Supply was re-cently recognized for their outstanding commit-ment to business ethics by the Better Busi-ness Bureau (BBB) and presented with a 2015 Integrity Award. 
The Better Business Bureau has been de-
veloping and administering self-regulation pro-grams for the business community for the past 75 years. The Integrity Awards were estab-lished in 1993 to recognize exemplary busi-nesses while promoting the BBB’s mission of leadership in advancing marketplace trust. 
Midwest Construction & Supply has lived up 
to these goals and provided excellent service and customer satisfaction for 57 years and over three generations. This attitude spreads throughout the entire organization from their President, Kalliope Eaton. 
I applaud and congratulate Midwest Con-
struction & Supply Inc. for earning this pres-tigious award. I am proud to represent them in the U.S. Congress and I know that my col-leagues join me in congratulating Midwest Construction & Supply Inc. and wishing them 
nothing but continued success in the future. HONORING COLONEL PETER 
AHERN ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. MARTHA McSALLY 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Colonel Peter Ahern on his many years of service to our country, and to wish him well on his upcoming retirement. 
Colonel Ahern received his Bachelor’s De-
gree from St. Ambrose University and was commissioned through the Platoon Leaders Course program in May of 1986. In 2007, he received a Masters of Arts Degree in National Security and Strategic Studies from the Na-tional War College. 
Colonel Ahern served 29 years in the Ma-
rine Corps. His assignments included, but were not limited to, serving as Company Com-mander, 1st Recruit Training Battalion, MCRD San Diego; Battery Commander, 1st Battalion, 11th Marines, 1st Marine Division; Future Op-erations Division (J35) United States Africa Command, Stuttgart, Germany; Commanding Officer Chemical Biological Incident Response Force (CBIRF), II Marine Expeditionary Force; and culminating as Director, Strategic Initia-tives Group (SIG), Headquarters Marine Corps. 
Colonel Ahern participated in combat oper-
ations in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait (Operation Desert Shield/Desert Storm), Iraq (Operation Iraqi Freedom, OIF–II); and planning/advisory 
duties with the Ugandan Peoples Defense Force; and humanitarian assistance disaster relief operations in Japan (Operation TOMODACHI). 
Colonel Ahern has received a number of 
awards over the course of his career, most notably the Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, the Meritorious Service Medal with three gold stars, the Navy Com-mendation Medal with two gold stars, the Joint Meritorious Achievement Medal, the Navy Achievement Medal, the Combat Action Rib-bon, and the Navy-Marine Corps Expert Para-chute Wings. 
It’s not an overstatement to say Colonel 
Ahern was one of the finest officers with whom I served. He and I were part of the ini-
tial cadre tasked to stand up Africa Command, and we worked closely on many security and humanitarian issues that arose anywhere on the continent. Colonel Ahern was an oper-ationally-focused leader, a brilliant strategist, and utmost professional. He was instrumental to the success of Africa Command, not just while we served there, but long after he was reassigned as well. 
I thank Colonel Ahern for his many years of 
service to our nation. It was a privilege to serve with him and call him a colleague, and I wish him all the best in his upcoming retire-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JY8.028 E09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D801 Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4901–S4985 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-six bills and four 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1723–1748, S.J. Res. 18, and S. Res. 219–221. 
                                                                                    Pages S4952–53 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1725, making appropriations for the Depart-
ment of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. (S. Rept. No. 114–79) 
S. 1300, to amend the section 221 of the Immi-
gration and Nationality Act to provide relief for adoptive families from immigrant visa fees in certain situations. 
S. 1482, to improve and reauthorize provisions re-
lating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid.
              Page S4952 
Measures Passed: 
United States Cotton Futures Act: Senate passed 
H.R. 2620, to amend the United States Cotton Fu-tures Act to exclude certain cotton futures contracts from coverage under such Act.
                           Page S4979 
United States Merchant Marine Academy Im-
provements Act: Senate passed S. 143, to allow for 
improvements to the United States Merchant Marine Academy.
                                                                       Page S4980 
Integrated Public Alert and Warning System 
Modernization Act: Senate passed S. 1180, to amend 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States, after agreeing to the committee amendments. 
                                                                                    Pages S4980–83 
E-Warranty Act: Senate passed S. 1359, to allow 
manufacturers to meet warranty and labeling re-quirements for consumer products by displaying the terms of warranties on Internet websites, after agree-
ing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S4983–84 McConnell (for Fischer/Nelson) Amendment No. 
2214, relating to electronic warranties. 
                                                                                    Pages S4983–84 
National Day of the American Cowboy: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 219, designating July 25, 2015, as ‘‘National Day of the American Cowboy’’.
   Page S4984 
Medora Musical 50th Anniversary: Senate agreed 
to S. Res. 220, commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Medora Musical.
                                           Page S4984 
Rocky Mountain National Park: Senate agreed 
to S. Res. 221, recognizing the 100th anniversary of Rocky Mountain National Park.
                        Page S4984 
Measures Considered: 
Every Child Achieves Act—Agreement: Senate 
continued consideration of S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, taking ac-tion on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                Pages S4904–15, S4920–26 
Adopted: 
By a unanimous vote of 98 yeas (Vote No. 227), 
Murray (for Brown) Amendment No. 2099 (to Amendment No. 2089), to amend part A of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to allow funds provided under such part to be used for a site resource coordinator. 
                                                                      Pages S4912, S4913–14 
By a unanimous vote of 98 yeas (Vote No. 228), 
Toomey Modified Amendment No. 2094 (to Amendment No. 2089), to ensure that States have policies or procedures that prohibit aiding or abet-ting of sexual abuse.
              Pages S4904, S4906–09, S4914 
Alexander (for Portman) Amendment No. 2147 
(to Amendment No. 2089), to promote recovery support services for students.
               Pages S4912, S4915 
Murray (for Manchin/Shaheen) Amendment No. 
2103 (to Amendment No. 2089), to enable local educational agencies to use funds under part A of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 for programs and activities that pro-mote volunteerism and community service. 
                                                                            Pages S4912, S4915 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D09JY5.REC D09JY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D802 July 9, 2015 
Murray (for Kaine) Amendment No. 2096 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to add career and technical education as a core academic subject. 
                                                                            Pages S4912, S4915 
Alexander (for Heller/Manchin) Amendment No. 
2121 (to Amendment No. 2089), to ensure timely and meaningful consultation between State edu-cational agencies and Governors in the development of State plans under titles I and II and section 9302. 
                                                                            Pages S4912, S4915 
Murray (for Feinstein/Portman) Amendment No. 
2087 (to Amendment No. 2089), to provide for ad-ditional means of certifying children, youth, parents, and families as homeless.
                        Pages S4912, S4915 
Alexander (for Fischer) Amendment No. 2079 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to ensure local governance of education.
                                                 Pages S4904, S4915 
Alexander (for Gardner/Peters) Amendment No. 
2083 (to Amendment No. 2089), to enable local educational agencies to use funds under part A of title I for dual or concurrent enrollment programs at eligible schools.
                                                  Pages S4922–23 
Murray (for McCaskill) Amendment No. 2092 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), enabling States, as a consor-tium, to use certain grant funds to voluntarily de-velop a process that allows teachers who are licensed or certified in a participating State to teach in other participating States.
                                          Pages S4922–23 
Murray (for Gillibrand/Ayotte) Amendment No. 
2108 (to Amendment No. 2089), to amend the pro-gram under part E of title II to ensure increased ac-cess to science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subject fields for underrepresented students. 
                                                                                    Pages S4922–23 
Alexander (for Gardner) Modified Amendment 
No. 2119 (to Amendment No. 2089), to include charter school representatives in the list of entities with whom a State and local educational agency shall consult in the development of plans under title I.
                                                                   Pages S4922–23, S4984 
Murray (for Casey) Amendment No. 2131 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to improve the bill relating to appropriate accommodations for children with dis-abilities.
                                                                  Pages S4922–23 
Murray (for Klobuchar/Hoeven) Amendment No. 
2138 (to Amendment No. 2089), to amend the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 relat-ing to improving student academic achievement in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. 
                                                                                    Pages S4922–23 
Rejected: By 44 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 226), Daines 
Amendment No. 2110 (to Amendment No. 2089), to allow a State to submit a declaration of intent to the Secretary of Education to combine certain funds to improve the academic achievement of students. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing 
that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 af-firmative votes, was not agreed to.) 
                                                                      Pages S4909–12, S4913 
Pending: 
Alexander/Murray Amendment No. 2089, in the 
nature of a substitute.                                              Page S4904 
Murray (for Peters) Amendment No. 2095 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to allow local educational agencies to use parent and family engagement funds for financial literacy activities.
                            Page S4904 
Murray (for Warren/Gardner) Amendment No. 
2120 (to Amendment No. 2089), to amend section 1111(d) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 regarding the cross-tabulation of stu-dent data.
                                                       Pages S4912, S4913 
Alexander (for Kirk) Amendment No. 2161 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to ensure that States meas-ure and report on indicators of student access to crit-ical educational resources and identify disparities in such resources.
                                                     Pages S4923–25 
Alexander (for Scott) Amendment No. 2132 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to expand opportunity by allowing Title I funds to follow low-income chil-dren.
                                                                         Pages S4923–25 
Alexander (for Hatch/Markey) Amendment No. 
2080 (to Amendment No. 2089), to establish a com-mittee on student privacy policy.
              Pages S4923–25 
Murray (for Franken) Amendment No. 2093 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools.
                             Pages S4925–26 
Murray (for Kaine) Amendment No. 2118 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to amend the State account-ability system under section 1113(b)(3) regarding the measures used to ensure that students are ready to enter postsecondary education or the workforce without the need for postsecondary remediation. 
                                                                                    Pages S4925–26 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, July 13, 2015, Senate vote on or in relation to the following amendments, with no second-degree amendments in order to any of the amendments prior to the votes: Alexander (for Hatch/Markey) Amendment No. 2080 (to Amendment No. 2089) (listed above), and Murray (for Kaine) Amendment No. 2118 (to Amendment No. 2089) (listed above).
           Page S4926 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 4 p.m., on Monday, July 13, 2015, Senate resume consideration of the bill.
                                                                                   Page S4984 
House Messages: 
National Defense Authorization Act: Senate in-
sisted on its amendment to H.R. 1735, to authorize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D09JY5.REC D09JY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D803 July 9, 2015 
appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military ac-
tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, agreed to the request of the House for a conference, and authorized the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees, after taking action on the following motions and motion to in-struct conferees proposed thereto:
             Pages S4915–20 
Adopted: 
McConnell motion to insist upon the Senate 
amendment, agree to the request by the House for a conference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees.
                                                      Page S4919 
Rejected: 
By 44 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 230), Reed Mo-
tion to Instruct Conferees to insist that the final conference report fully fund the President’s budget request for the Department of Defense, including $534.3 billion in base budget funding and $50.9 billion in Overseas Contingency Operations budget funding, thereby supporting the bipartisan view that the funding caps imposed by the Budget Control Act of 2011 should be eliminated or increased in proportionally equal amounts for the revised security and non-security spending categories.
     Pages S4919–20 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 81 yeas to 15 nays (Vote No. 229), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the McConnell motion to insist upon the Senate amendment, agree to the re-quest by the House for a conference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees. 
                                                                                            Page S4919 
The Chair was authorized to appoint the following 
conferees on the part of the Senate: Senators McCain, Inhofe, Sessions, Wicker, Ayotte, Fischer, Cotton, Rounds, Graham, Reed, Nelson, Manchin, Gilli-brand, Donnelly, Hirono, and Kaine.
             Page S4920 
U.S. Air Force Academy Board of Visitors— Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was 
reached providing that the letter of resignation from the United States Air Force Academy Board of Visi-tors be printed in the record.
                              Page S4984 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Darlene Michele Soltys, of the District of Colum-
bia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. 
52 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 
                                                                                            Page S4984 Nomination Discharged: The following nomina-
tion was discharged from further committee consid-eration and placed on the Executive Calendar: 
Monica C. Regalbuto, of Illinois, to be an Assist-
ant Secretary of Energy (Environmental Manage-ment), which was sent to the Senate on February 25, 2015, from the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources.
                                            Pages S4984–85 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4950 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4950–52 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S4952 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4953–56 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4956–63 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4948–50 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4963–79 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4979 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4979 
Record Votes: Five record votes were taken today. 
(Total—230)                       Pages S4913, S4914, S4919, S4920 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:34 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, July 13, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4984.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘State, For-eign Operations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2016’’. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the nomination of General Jo-seph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, to be Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the nominations of Michele Thoren Bond, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Consular Affairs), and Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, of the District of Colum-bia, to be Representative on the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be an Alternate Representative to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JY5.REC D09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D804 July 9, 2015 
United Nations, after the nominees testified and an-
swered questions in their own behalf. 
UNDERSTANDING AMERICA’S LONG TERM 
FISCAL PICTURE 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine un-
derstanding America’s long-term fiscal picture, after receiving testimony from Keith Hall, Director, Con-gressional Budget Office. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: S.1482, to improve and reauthorize provisions re-
lating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid; 
S.1300, to amend the section 221 of the Immigra-
tion and Nationality Act to provide relief for adop-tive families from immigrant visa fees in certain sit-uations; and 
The nominations of Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Penn-
sylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Travis Randall McDonough, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Tennessee, and Waverly D. Crenshaw, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 27 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2990–2994, 2996–3017; and 3 reso-lutions, H. Res. 354–356, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H5028–30 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5031–32 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H.R. 2995, making appropriations for financial 
services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–194).
                                                Page H5028 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Valadao to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4959 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:47 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H4970 
Motion to Adjourn: Rejected the Clyburn motion 
to adjourn by a recorded vote of 13 ayes to 402 noes, Roll No. 424.
                                          Pages H4973–74 
Question of Privilege: Representative Pelosi rose to 
a question of the privileges of the House and sub-mitted a resolution (H. Res. 355). Subsequently, Representative McCarthy moved to refer the resolu-tion to the Committee on House Administration and was recognized for one hour on the motion. 
                                                                                    Pages H4974–76 
Agreed to the McCarthy motion to refer the reso-
lution, H. Res. 355, to the Committee on House Administration by a recorded vote of 238 ayes to 176 noes, Roll No. 426, after the previous question was ordered by a recorded vote of 238 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 425.
                                          Pages H4975–76 Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015: The House 
passed H.R. 2647, to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest man-agement activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire-prone forested lands, by a re-corded vote of 262 ayes to 167 noes, Roll No. 428. 
                                      Pages H4985–86, H4987–93, H4993–H5007 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–21, modified by the amend-ment printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–192, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendments in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committees on Agriculture and Natural Resources now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                            Page H4995 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To expe-
dite under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and improve forest management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire-prone forested lands, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H5007 
Agreed to: 
Tipton amendment (No. 2 printed in part C of H. 
Rept. 114–192) that requests stewardship contracts awarded prior to Feb. 7, 2014 shall be modified by the Secretary to include fire liability provisions de-scribed in Section 604(d)(7) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003;
                               Pages H5003–04 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D09JY5.REC D09JY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D805 July 9, 2015 
Lujan Grisham (NM) amendment (No. 3 printed 
in part C of H. Rept. 114–192) that allows the For-est Service to create a pilot program that would exe-cute contracts with tribes to perform administrative, management, and other functions of programs of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004; and 
                                                                                    Pages H5004–05 
Kilmer amendment (No. 4 printed in part C of 
H. Rept. 114–192) that directs the Secretary of Ag-riculture to develop and implement at least one landscape-scale forest restoration project that in-cludes, as a defined purpose of that project, the gen-eration of material that will be used to promote ad-vanced wood products; requires that the project be developed through a collaborative process. 
                                                                                    Pages H5005–06 
Rejected: 
Polis amendment (No. 1 printed in part C of H. 
Rept. 114–192) that sought to strike Section 203, relating to the prohibition on restraining orders, pre-liminary injunctions, and injunctions pending ap-peals, and strike Title III, relating to the imposition of a bond requirement as part of a potential legal challenge of certain forest management activities (by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 247 noes, Roll No. 427.
                                                             Pages H5002–03, H5006 
H. Res. 347, the rule providing for the further 
consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) and consideration of the bill (H.R. 2647) was agreed to yesterday, July 8th. 
21st Century Cures Act: The House began consid-
eration of H.R. 6, to accelerate the discovery, devel-opment, and delivery of 21st century cures. Consid-eration is expected to resume tomorrow, July 10th. 
                                                                                    Pages H5008–16 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–22 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce now printed in the bill. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. 
H. Res. 350, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 6) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 244 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 430, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 185 nays, Roll No. 429. 
                                                                Pages H4976–85, H5007–08 
Senate Messages: Message received from the Senate 
and message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today ap-pear on pages H4976 and H4986–87. Quorum Calls—Votes: 
One yea-and-nay vote and six recorded votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4973–74, H4975, H4975–76, H5006, H5007, H5007–08, and H5008. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 8:56 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
U.S. INTERNATIONAL FOOD AID PROGRAMS: OVERSIGHT AND ACCOUNTABILITY 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Livestock 
and Foreign Agriculture held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. International Food Aid Programs: Oversight and Accountability’’. Testimony was heard from Thomas Melito, Director, International Affairs and Trade, Government Accountability Office; Catherine Trujillo, Acting Deputy Inspector General, U.S. Agency for International Development; and Rod DeSmet, Deputy Assistant Inspector General for Audit, Office of the Inspector General, Department of Agriculture. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Home-
land Security held a markup on the Homeland Secu-rity Appropriations Bill, FY 2016. The Homeland Security Appropriations Bill, FY 2016, was for-warded to the full committee, without amendment. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘H.R. 702, Legislation to Prohibit Restrictions on the Ex-port of Crude Oil’’. Testimony was heard from Peter Gandalovic, Ambassador to the United States, Czech Republic; and public witnesses. 
THE DODD-FRANK ACT FIVE YEARS 
LATER: ARE WE MORE STABLE? 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘The Dodd-Frank Act Five Years Later: Are We More Stable?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
IMPLICATIONS OF A NUCLEAR 
AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Implications of a Nuclear Agree-ment with Iran’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JY5.REC D09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D806 July 9, 2015 
THE GULF COOPERATION COUNCIL CAMP 
DAVID SUMMIT: ANY RESULTS? 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Gulf Cooperation Council Camp David Summit: Any Results?’’. Testimony was heard from Kenneth Katzman, Specialist in Middle Eastern Af-fairs, Congressional Research Service; and public wit-nesses. 
AFRICA’S DISPLACED PEOPLE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Afri-
ca’s Displaced People’’. Testimony was heard from Catherine Wiesner, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migra-tion, Department of State; Thomas H. Staal, Acting Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assistance, U.S. Agency for International Development; and public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-
latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing on H.R. 2947, the ‘‘Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE STATE OF PROPERTY RIGHTS IN 
AMERICA TEN YEARS AFTER KELO v. CITY OF NEW LONDON 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Property Rights in America Ten Years After Kelo v. City of New London’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee con-
cluded a markup on H.R. 487, to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands; H.R. 959, the ‘‘Medgar Evers House Study Act’’; H.R. 1554, the ‘‘Elkhorn Ranch and White River National Forest Conveyance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1937, the ‘‘National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1949, the ‘‘The Na-tional Liberty Memorial Clarification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2223, the ‘‘Crags, Colorado Land Exchange Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2791, the ‘‘Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act’’; H.R. 2898, the ‘‘Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015’’; S. 501, the ‘‘New Mexico Water Settlement Technical Correc-tions Act’’; and H.R. 1138, the ‘‘Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Jerry Peak Wilderness Addi-tions Act’’. The following legislation was ordered re-ported, as amended: H.R. 2898. The following legis-lation was ordered reported, without amendment: 
H.R. 487, H.R. 959, H.R. 1138, H.R. 1554, H.R. 1937, H.R. 1949, H.R. 2223, H.R. 2791, S. 501. 
CONSTRUCTION COSTS AND DELAYS AT 
THE U.S. EMBASSY IN KABUL 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Construction Costs and Delays at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul’’. Testimony was heard from Lydia Muniz, Director, Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations, Depart-ment of State; Michael J. Courts, Director, Inter-national Affairs and Trade, Government Account-ability Office; Gregory B. Starr, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Diplomatic Security, Department of State; Donald S. Hays, Senior Inspector, Office of the In-spector General, Department of State; Jarrett Blanc, Principal Deputy Special Representative for Afghani-stan and Pakistan, Department of State; and a public witness. 
EXAMINING EPA’S REGULATORY 
OVERREACH 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining EPA’s Regulatory Overreach’’. Testimony was heard from Gina McCarthy, Administrator, Environmental Pro-tection Agency. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Dis-
ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs held a mark-up on H.R. 2214, the ‘‘Disabled Veterans’ Access to Medical Exams Improvement Act’’; H.R. 800, ‘‘the Express Appeals Act’’; H.R. 1379, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Board of Veterans’ Appeals to develop evidence in appeal cases, and for other purposes; H.R. 1380, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligi-bility for a medallion furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to signify the veteran status of a de-ceased individual; H.R. 2605, the ‘‘Veterans Fidu-ciary Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1302, the ‘‘VA Appeals Backlog Relief Act’’; H.R. 1338, the ‘‘Dig-nified Interment of Our Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1384, the ‘‘Honor America’s Guard-Reserve Retirees Act’’; and H.R. 2691, the ‘‘Veterans’ Sur-vivors Claims Processing Automation Act of 2015’’. The following legislation was forwarded to the full committee, as amended: H.R. 2214, H.R. 800, H.R. 1379, H.R. 1380, and H.R. 2605. The following legislation was ordered reported, without amend-ment: H.R. 1302, H.R. 1338, H.R. 1384, and H.R. 2691. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JY5.REC D09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D807 July 9, 2015 
PROMOTING WORK OPPORTUNITIES FOR 
SOCIAL SECURITY DISABILITY INSURANCE BENEFICIARIES 
Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held 
a hearing on promoting work opportunities for So-cial Security Disability Insurance beneficiaries. Testi-mony was heard from James Smith, Budget and Pol-icy Manager, Division of Vocational Rehabilitation, Vermont Agency of Human Services; and public wit-nesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
JULY 10, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘H.R. 985, Concrete Masonry Products Research, Edu-cation, and Promotion Act of 2015’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Subcommittee on Hous-
ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Hous-ing in America: Oversight of HUD’s Public and Indian Housing Programs’’, 9:45 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘The International Space Sta-tion: Addressing Operational Challenges’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JY5.REC D09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD808 July 8, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, July 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will resume consideration of S. 1177, Every Child Achieves Act. At 5:30 p.m., Senate will vote on or in re-lation to Alexander (for Hatch/Markey) Amendment No. 2080 (to Amendment No. 2089), and Murray (for Kaine) Amendment No. 2118 (to Amendment No. 2089). Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Friday, July 10 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Complete consideration of H.R. 
6—21st Century Cures Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Blum, Rod, Iowa, E1023, E1026 
Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E1021, E1023 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E1028 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1027 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1022 Cummings, Elijah E., Md., E1029 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1028 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1021 Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E1027 
Granger, Kay, Tex., E1022 Harris, Andy, Md., E1023 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E1022, E1024 Hurt, Robert, Va., E1023 Keating, William R., Mass., E1022 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E1024 McSally, Martha, Ariz., E1030 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E1024 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1021 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1028 
O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E1027 Pittenger, Robert, N.S., E1024 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E1029 Ratcliffe, John, Tex., E1026 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1029 Whitfield, Ed, Ky., E1027 Young, David, Iowa, E1023, E1023, E1026, E1027, E1028, 
E1028, E1030 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 10, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09JY5.REC D09JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST