Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6429 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 2015 No. 127 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, September 8, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
Senate 
THURSDAY , AUGUST 6, 2015 
The Senate met at 11:30 and 5 seconds 
a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable D
AVID PERDUE , a Senator 
from the State of Georgia. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
The bill clerk read the following let-
ter: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , 
Washington, DC, August 6, 2015. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable D
AVID PERDUE , a Sen-
ator from the State of Georgia, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. PERDUE thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
WILDFIRE FUNDING 
∑Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, Congress 
needs to find a fiscally-responsible so-lution to wildfire funding and fire bor-rowing. While the Forest Service still has half a billion dollars remaining for fire suppression, there are years when firefighting costs exceed predicted funding levels. We need a focused dis-cussion on this issue and I plan to begin the conversation with key offices and States—Wyoming, Oregon, Idaho, 
Arizona, Alaska, Washington, Cali-fornia, Nevada, Montana, Colorado, and others that would like to join and will be constructive to its resolution. I know there are differences of opinion out there as to how to solve this prob-lem, but the key to solving it is getting everyone in a room to discuss it. As cap adjustments are under the jurisdic-tion of the Budget Committee, I look forward to working with my colleagues on a durable and long-lasting solution that fits our fiscal priorities and is re-sponsible budgeting. 
∑Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I agree 
with the Senator from Wyoming that we need to find a solution to this prob-lem and I have introduced legislation with Senator C
RAPO that currently sits 
in the Budget Committee. Oregon is on fire and the Forest Service tells me that with current fire seasons getting longer and current budgetary con-straints, the days of spending over 50 percent of their budget on suppressing fires is here to stay. The time for talk-ing is coming to an end and the time to negotiate a fix to this very serious problem is at hand. I would like to work under the leadership of my friend, the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, over the summer, on an answer to this chronic problem. 
∑Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
agree with the Senator from Wyoming. Senator M
URKOWSKI and I have been 
working together to propose a solution to this problem as well, and I am proud to be able to say that we have been working with Senator E
NZI, Senator 
WYDEN , and our other colleagues. We 
have to enable the Forest Service to have both the resources it needs to deal 
with wildfires, but also the resources it needs to manage the National forests. The current system of paying for wildfires by, perpetually, taking fund-ing away from the programs that en-able the Agency to maintain recreation facilities and complete important res-
toration projects is simply unaccept-able. We can’t sit idle and expect this budget issue to fix itself. We all agree a budget cap adjustment of some sort is the solution needed to end the prac-tice of fire borrowing. I appreciate Sen-ator W
YDEN ’s efforts to fix this prob-
lem, and I appreciate Senator M UR-
KOWSKI ’s recent work to fix this prob-
lem. Most of these solutions have the common theme of requiring a budget cap adjustment, and we are looking to your leadership, Senator E
NZI, to assist 
us with that. People’s homes are burn-ing because of these wildfires. We need to get the Forest Service and the De-partment of the Interior the money they need to respond to wildfires, but we also need to ensure the money is being well spent. We have a number of ideas to round out the solution. I will be working over the summer with my colleagues to develop comprehensive legislation that solves this budget problem, but also ensures we see fewer large wildfires and fewer houses being lost to them. Our solution—and I want to emphasize our—will be a solution that is easy to explain to the public and that is able to get to the Presi-dent’s desk to be enacted. 
∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
want to thank the chairman of the Budget Committee for his leadership on the important issue of wildfire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Aug 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AU6.000 S06AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6430 August 6, 2015 
budgeting. I think we all agree that the 
way wildfire management has been funded is broken and that it is past time that we fix it. Earlier this year, the Senate Appropriations Sub-committee that I chair reported the In-terior Appropriations bill. My bill pro-vided full funding for the average an-nual cost of fire fighting over the past 10 years, and included a limited cap ad-justment to access disaster relief fund-ing only if the agencies exhaust 100 percent of that 10-year average of wild-fire suppression funds. This proposal would end the disruptive and unsustainable practice of borrowing from, and later repaying money to, other government programs to deal with fire emergencies, while also pro-viding up front the resources the agen-cies need to fight fires in all but the most extreme years. But there is more to the issue of wildfire budgeting as my colleague, Senator C
ANTWELL , points 
out. We need to ensure the dollars Con-
gress appropriates are well spent. Sen-ator C
ANTWELL has some good ideas on 
how to do that. I stand ready to work with my colleagues to advance a solu-tion that will finally fix this long-standing problem in a fiscally respon-sible manner. 
∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise to 
support the efforts of the Senator from Wyoming to address budgetary issues impacting how our Nation fights wildfires. Like the State of Wyoming, Idaho’s forested lands are consistently under threat of catastrophic wildfires. According to the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise, in the last year alone there were 1,456 wildland fires in Idaho that burned 714,057 acres. As more resources go toward fire suppres-sion, resources that could be used to implement projects that improve forest health, benefit forest communities, and enhance public safety are squeezed. We know that wildfires are going to con-tinue to be a threat, and we can better prepare for the increasing costs of wildland fire management by making needed changes that will support the preparation of firefighters and land managers. That is why I partnered with Senator R
ONWYDEN in introducing leg-
islation, the Wildfire Disaster Funding Act, to provide for more efficient and effective fire management. I look for-ward to working with my colleagues across the West, and in the Senate Budget Committee in particular, on legislation that would better budget for our Nation’s fire suppression activi-ties. 
∑Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I want 
to commend the Budget Committee chairman for his ongoing efforts to tackle the fire-borrowing issue. We all agree that the Forest Service should receive the funding it needs to fight fires. I am also glad that there is grow-ing agreement that the Forest Service should budget for 100 percent of its wildfire suppression costs as proposed in legislation introduced by me and my colleagues, Senator F
LAKE and Senator 
BARRASSO . We also know that science has shown how forest restoration is 
highly effective in reducing wildfire se-verity. I look forward to working with Senator W
YDEN and the chairman of 
the Senate Budget Committee on an agreeable solution that protects wild-fire prevention and wildfire suppres-sion as the two top priorities of the Forest Service. 
∑Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, there is 
wide agreement that the current wild-fire funding system is broken. There is no doubt that wildfires are disastrous and the cost to suppress them con-tinues to grow. But we cannot let the costly and disastrous nature of wildfire make us lose sight that many of the costs of fighting fire can be antici-
pated. Like Senator M
CCAIN, I am 
pleased that there is growing consensus that the fiscally responsible way to deal with these wildfires is to allow ac-cess to additional funds through a lim-ited process only after agencies have been appropriated for 100 percent of the anticipated costs of suppression. I look forward to working with my colleagues on enacting this funding fix as well as incorporating provisions that ease the removal of the hazardous fuels that create fire-prone landscapes. 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
want to thank the senior Senator from Wyoming and chairman of the Senate Budget Committee for his steadfast ap-proach to addressing budget priorities in a responsible and fiscally sound manner. There is bipartisan agreement to end the practice of fire borrowing. If Congress is going to consider budg-etary cap adjustments under the juris-diction of the Budget Committee, the Forest Service should first budget for 100 percent of its wildfire suppression costs before cap adjustments are made. In order to bring down the long-term cost of wildfire suppression, Congress should also actively engage in sup-porting activities which reduce the cost and severity of wildfire such as hazardous fuels treatments, thinning, and other active forest management projects. I have joined with Senators McCain and Flake on legislation to ad-dress these issues. I have also put for-ward legislation to treat more acres to improve forest health and reduce the risk of wildfire. I want to work with my colleagues in the Senate, and spe-cifically Chairman E
NZI, to prevent fu-
ture fire borrowing and reduce the long-term economic and ecological costs associated with wildfires. 
∑Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, yes-
terday, the Forest Service announced that for the first time in its 110-year history, it is spending more than 50 percent of its budget just to fight wildfires. The Forest Service expects this problem to keep getting worse. Within a decade, they are projecting that firefighting costs will rise to two thirds of the Forest Service budget. The Forest Service can no longer sus-tain these costs of fighting wildfires while continuing other critical func-tions of managing our Federal forests. It is long overdue that Congress elimi-nate the vicious cycle of fire bor-
rowing, where the Forest Service is forced to dig further and further into its budget to fight fires at the expense of critical work to reduce hazardous fuels from the forest and other forest management. I am very grateful that we have such a strong bipartisan group of colleagues working together on this critical matter. I thank my colleagues who are joining me today, and I note that it is this kind of bipartisan co-operation that gets the issues done, along with the strong leadership of Senator W
YDEN who has championed 
this issue with a bipartisan bill for the last two Congresses, in addition to the strong leadership of Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI which allowed us to take a big 
step in the right direction in the Inte-rior Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2016. It is crucial to our communities facing threats of wildfire that we keep this cooperation going. I will keep working with my colleagues to solve 
this urgent budgetary crisis. 
∑Mr. DAINES. I want to thank Chair-
man E
NZIfor his commitment to solv-
ing the wildfire funding challenge that is increasingly forcing the Forest Serv-ice to spend more of its budget sup-pressing fires rather than preventing them through enhanced management. Like many other Western States, Mon-tana has already experienced several high-intensity fires this year. The fire season thus far has been one of the worst in the past decade and has only made more evident the urgent need for a wildfire funding solution. As a co-sponsor of the Wildfire Disaster Fund-ing Act, I believe it is critical that Congress end fire borrowing and ensure that the Forest Service can spend more of its budget on making our National forests more resilient to fire, while also equipping the Agency with the tools and authorities it needs to re-store active management. I look for-ward to working with Chairman E
NZI, 
other Budget Committee members, and fellow colleagues to find consensus on these high-priority reforms. 
∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I join 
my colleagues in wanting to fix the way we fund fire. We have to start using common sense and budget for catastrophic wildfires like we do for other natural disasters. Unfortunately, due to congressional inaction and growing costs associated with fighting wildfires, the Forest Service is increas-ingly turning into a firefighting agen-cy. This means fewer resources for smart public land management. Mon-tana’s National forests benefit our out-door recreation economy, support tim-ber jobs in rural communities, and pre-serve the drinking water that Mon-tanans rely on. I look forward to work-ing with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to address both the issues of fire borrowing and the increasing costs of fighting fires. The Forest Service cannot continue to absorb these in-creasing costs without undermining other critical priorities, from timber harvest and research to conservation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06AU6.006 S06AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6431 August 6, 2015 
and recreation management. There is 
real bipartisan support for getting something done on this issue and I am confident a growing number of our col-leagues will join us as we push forward this fall. ∑ 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
VOTING RIGHTS ACT 
∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, which we will celebrate today, August 6. I want to spend a few minutes talking about Freedom Summer, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the civil rights challenges we still face today, and how Senators can work to-gether to make this a more perfect union and guarantee equal justice under the law to all Americans, as promised by our Constitution. 
On January 23, 1964, the States rati-
fied the 24th Amendment to the Con-stitution, which provides that ‘‘the rights of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other [Fed-eral] election . . . shall not be denied or abridged . . . by any State by reason of failure to pay any poll tax or other tax.’’ 
Freedom Summer was a campaign in 
Mississippi to register Black voters during the summer of 1964. In 1964, most Black voters were disenfranchised by law or practice in Mississippi, not-withstanding the 15th Amendment to the Constitution, which was ratified in 1870. The 15th Amendment provides that ‘‘the rights of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be de-nied or abridged by . . . any State on account of race, color, or previous con-dition of servitude.’’ 
The national uproar in response to 
the deaths of three civil rights work-ers—James Earl Chaney, Andrew Good-man and Michael ‘‘Mickey’’ Schwerner—helped lead to the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. South-ern States, however, continued to im-pose barriers on African-American citi-zens’ right to vote even after the enact-ment of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. 
The following summer, Martin Lu-
ther King, Jr. and other civil rights leaders led a series of voter registra-tion marches from Selma to Mont-gomery, AL. Ultimately, the marchers were met with force on March 7, 1965, known as Bloody Sunday, at the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge in Montgomery, AL. Television news reports shocked the conscience of Americans, who could not believe that their fellow citizens were ruthlessly beaten by the police while exercising their First Amend-ment right to peaceably assemble and petition their government for redress of grievances. 
A few days later, President Lyndon 
B. Johnson addressed a joint session of Congress and called for the enactment of the Voting Rights Act, ended his speech with the old refrain from the civil rights movement: we shall over-come. Congress did act and pass the Voting Rights Act, as this week we cel-
ebrate the 50th anniversary. 
So as we celebrate the anniversaries 
of these landmark pieces of civil rights legislation, we are reminded that there is more work to be done. Today I must urge my colleagues to address the re-cent pernicious efforts to restrict the franchise and limit access to the funda-mental right to vote. This past week-end, The New York Times Magazine ran an article entitled ‘‘Overcome,’’ about a systematic effort by a small group of activists to dismantle the pro-tections in the Voting Rights Act. I commend this article for review by my colleagues. 
Two summers ago, the Supreme 
Court issued its decision in Shelby County v. Holder, which struck down section 4 of the Voting Rights Act, in-validating the coverage formula that determines which jurisdictions are sub-ject to the preclearance provisions of the act. 
Congress must act to reverse the de-
cision by the Supreme Court which overturned several important prece-dents. As much as we wish it wasn’t so, racism has not disappeared from Amer-ica and there continue to be individ-uals and groups who would use our vot-ing system to deliberately minimize the rights of minority voters. Congress overwhelmingly reauthorized the Vot-ing Rights Act in 2006 after building an extensive record that made a compel-ling case for the continued need to pro-tect minority voters from discrimina-tion. 
I strongly agree with Justice Gins-
burg’s dissent that ‘‘in truth, the evo-lution of voting discrimination into more subtle second-generation barriers is powerful evidence that a remedy as effective as preclearance remains vital to protect minority voting rights and prevent backsliding.’’ I am deeply dis-appointed that the Court put voting rights in jeopardy by ignoring reality and disregarding the power of Congress to enforce the 15th Amendment of the Constitution by appropriate legisla-tion. 
I am a proud co-sponsor of Senator 
L
EAHY ’s legislation, S. 1659, the Voting 
Rights Advancement Act of 2015. The Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015 responds to current conditions in vot-ing today by restoring the full protec-tions of the original, bipartisan Voting Rights Act of 1965, which was last reau-thorized on a bipartisan vote by Con-gress in 2006, but significantly weak-ened by the Supreme Court in 2013. 
Following the Shelby County deci-
sion 2 years ago, several States passed sweeping voter suppression laws that disproportionately prevent minorities, the elderly, and the youth from voting. The Leahy bill provides the tools to ad-dress these discriminatory practices and seeks to protect all Americans’ right to vote. 
The Leahy bill establishes a targeted 
process for reviewing voting changes in jurisdictions nationwide, focused on measures that have historically been used to discriminate against voters. 
The process for reviewing changes in voting is limited to a set of measures, such as voter IDs, that have histori-cally been found to have the greatest discriminatory impact. 
Congress should also take up and 
pass the Democracy Restoration Act, DRA, S. 772, which I have introduced. The Democracy Restoration Act would restore voting rights in Federal elec-tions to approximately 5.8 million citi-zens who have been released from pris-on and are back living in their commu-nities. 
Notwithstanding the 15th Amend-
ment, many States passed laws during the Jim Crow period after the Civil War to make it more difficult for newly-freed slaves to vote in elections. Such laws included poll taxes, literacy tests, and disenfranchisement meas-ures. 
Some disenfranchisement measures 
applied to misdemeanor convictions and in practice could result in lifetime disenfranchisement, even for individ-uals that successfully reintegrated into their communities as law-abiding citi-zens. 
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 did 
sweep away numerous State laws and procedures that had denied African Americans and other minorities their constitutional right to vote. For exam-ple, the act outlawed the use of lit-eracy or history tests that voters had to pass before registering to vote or casting their ballot. 
The act specifically prohibits States 
from imposing any ‘‘voting qualifica-tion or prerequisite to voting, or stand-ard, practice, or procedure . . . to deny or abridge the right of any citizen of the United States to vote on account of race or color.’’ 
In 2015, I am concerned that there are 
still several areas where the legacy of Jim Crow laws and State disenfran-chisement statutes lead to unfairness in Federal elections. 
First, State laws governing the res-
toration of voting rights vary widely throughout the country, such that per-sons in some States can easily regain their voting rights, while in other States persons effectively lose their right to vote permanently. 
Second, these State disenfranchise-
ment laws have a disproportionate im-pact on racial and ethnic minorities. 
Third, this patchwork of State laws 
results in the lack of a uniform stand-ard for eligibility to vote in Federal elections, and leads to an unfair dis-parity and unequal participation in Federal elections based solely on resi-dence. 
Finally, studies indicate that former 
prisoners who have voting rights re-stored are less likely to reoffend, and disenfranchisement hinders their reha-bilitation and reintegration into their community. 
The legislation would restore voting 
rights to prisoners after their release from incarceration. It requires that prisons receiving Federal funds notify 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Aug 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06AU6.006 S06AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6432 August 6, 2015 
people about their right to vote in Fed-
eral elections when they are leaving prison, sentenced to probation, or con-victed of a misdemeanor. 
The legislation is crafted to apply to 
Federal elections, and retains the States’ authorities to generally estab-lish voting qualifications. This legisla-tion is consistent with congressional authority under the Constitution and voting rights statutes. 
I am pleased that this legislation has 
been endorsed by a large coalition of public interest organizations, includ-ing: civil rights and reform organiza-tions; religious and faith-based organi-zations; and law enforcement and criminal justice organizations. In par-ticular I want to thank the Brennan Center for Justice, the ACLU, the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, and the NAACP for their work here. 
I also urge Congress to take up legis-
lation that I have introduced in the past with Senator S
CHUMER , the Decep-
tive Practices and Voter Intimidation Prevention Act. Voter suppression and intimidation are still very much alive in our Nation. 
From misleading and fraudulent in-
formation about elections to voter in-timidation and robocalls designed to suppress the vote, deceptive voting practices are often aimed at depriving minority communities of their voice in our democracy. The U.S. Constitution guarantees and protects the right of every American citizen to vote, and we have a duty to protect and ensure that right. 
Unfortunately, we have seen a resur-
gence of deceptive voter practices in recent years. In 2006, during my own election to the Senate, thousands of minority voters in Maryland were tar-geted for misleading information de-signed to suppress their vote. Nation-wide, there have been numerous re-ports of efforts to suppress the minor-ity vote by putting out wrong informa-tion about election dates and location of polling places, along with sugges-tions that voters who had outstanding parking tickets would be arrested if they tried to vote. 
This legislation is designed to pro-
tect voters across the Nation from election fraud and voter intimidation by creating criminal penalties for de-ceptive voting practices and by giving individual voters the right to take ac-tion. If deceptive practices are found to have occurred before election day, the U.S. Attorney General can take correc-tive action to halt distribution of such information and to set the record straight. After Federal elections, the Attorney General also would be re-quired to report to Congress on the al-legations of deceptive practices and the actions taken to correct such prac-tices. 
Let me also mention another issue 
relating to civil rights, which is the right to serve on a Federal jury. My view is that after release from prison, ex-offenders should be given both rights and responsibilities. So in addi-
tion to restoring the right to vote as we seek to reduce recidivism and suc-cessfully integrate ex-offenders back into the community, I would also per-mit ex-offenders to perform the civic duty of serving on a jury of their peers. 
This legislative change is a part of 
my BALTIMORE Act, S. 1610, the Building and Lifting Trust In Order to Multiply Opportunities and Racial Equality. I introduced this legislation after the death of Freddie Gray in Bal-timore while in police custody. It also includes my End Racial Profiling Act, ERPA. 
Next month the NAACP, which is 
headquartered in Baltimore, and other civil rights groups will conclude its Journey for Justice march at the U.S. Capitol as part of their Justice Sum-mer campaign. This historic 860-mile march from Selma, AL to Washington, DC, will mobilize activists and advance a focused national policy agenda. 
This policy agenda seeks to protect 
the right of every American to a fair criminal justice system and uncorrupted and unfettered access to the ballot box. 
In particular, the march will call for 
the enactment of the Voting Rights Advancement Act and the End Racial Profiling Act. Congress should take up and pass these two critically important pieces of legislation. 
It would be the appropriate way to 
celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. ∑ 
f 
COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to discuss one of the great moral challenges of our time—human traf-ficking. The term human trafficking involves crimes of forced labor, sexual exploitation, debt bondage, forced mar-riage, and the sale and exploitation of children. Trafficking in persons de-stroys people and corrodes commu-nities. It distorts labor markets and undermines stability and the rule of law. It is fueled by greed, violence, and corruption. 
There are at least 21 million victims 
of human trafficking in the world—and over 5 million of them are children, ac-cording to the International Labor Or-ganization, ILO. Forced labor alone generates more than $150 billion in profits annually, making it one of the largest income sources for inter-national criminals, second only to drug trafficking. Trafficking victims range from women enslaved as domestic workers in countries as diverse as Saudi Arabia and Singapore to Nepali construction workers building sta-diums for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. It also ensnares Rohingya and Cam-bodian men and boys on Thai fishing boats working to put fish in European and American grocery stores. It in-cludes countless Venezuelan women and girls, some lured from poor towns in the interior to urban centers, who are then subjected to sex trafficking. Even in our own country, cases of 
human trafficking have been reported in all 50 States. 
Traffickers take advantage of con-
flict, the collapse of state institutions, and even natural disasters—like the re-cent earthquake in Nepal—to prey on vulnerable civilians. We are witnessing terrorist groups like ISIL and Boko Haram that proudly build their ‘‘states’’ on the trade in and enslave-ment of women and children. 
There has been some progress. This 
year marks the 15th anniversary of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. The TVPA, and the annual Trafficking In Persons, TIP, Report it mandates, have played a major role in raising global awareness of human trafficking and galvanizing both civil society and governments to address both labor and sex trafficking crimes. The report ana-lyzes the efforts of foreign govern-ments, and our own, to comply with minimum standards for the elimi-nation of trafficking in persons, as set out by the TVPA. 
The TIP Report has been widely re-
garded as the ‘‘gold standard’’ for traf-ficking information, and as an essen-tial tool for ensuring continued progress against the scourge of human trafficking. The value of the TIP Re-port, and the United States’ credibility on this critical issue, relies heavily on the integrity of that report. 
On Monday, July 27, the Department 
of State released the 2015 TIP Report. I have great respect for the small, dedi-cated staff at the Department of State’s Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, as well as our numerous embassies around the world that help collect credible information for the re-port. Nevertheless, I was struck by the strong response to the 2015 report by outside country experts and frontline advocates who have worked in the trenches on human trafficking for years. They raised significant ques-tions about the integrity and neu-trality of the 2015 TIP Report and the decision to upgrade Uzbekistan, Saudi Arabia, Cuba, and Malaysia, among others. We need to listen carefully to their views. 
Of particular concern is the upgrade 
of Malaysia, which I want to discuss briefly. Malaysia has a serious human trafficking problem, which is why the State Department downgraded Malay-sia last year to a Tier 3 country in the TIP Report, a level that includes the worst human trafficking offenders in the world. In Malaysia, the use of forced labor is pervasive in agriculture, construction, electronics, and textile industries, and the sex trade industry. 
This year, the State Department up-
graded Malaysia to the Tier 2 Watch List on the grounds that the govern-ment had made significant efforts to comply with the minimum standards to combat human trafficking. Those ef-forts by the government included be-ginning to reform its flawed victim protection regime, along with its legal framework, and consultations with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06AU6.004 S06AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6433 August 6, 2015 
civil society. The Malaysian authori-
ties increased the number of investiga-tions and prosecutions—although the low number of convictions remained disproportionate to the scale of the problem. The 2015 TIP Report states that the Malaysian Government had three convictions of traffickers in 2014, a substantial decrease from the nine convictions reported in the 2014 TIP Report. 
While Malaysia has taken small steps 
that seem to indicate some recent progress, these steps do not appear to me to be sufficient to justify an up-grade. Evidence of the trafficking prob-lems in Malaysia continued outside of the 2015 TIP reporting period, which ended on March 31, 2015. For example, in May 2015, mass graves believed to contain bodies of 139 Rohingya traf-ficking victims were found in aban-doned jungle camps along Malaysia’s northern border, along with pens likely used as cages for the victims. 
Malaysia is a party to the Trans-Pa-
cific Partnership, TPP, negotiations. The juxtaposition of the administra-tion’s pursuit of the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement in the case of Malaysia and the upgrade of Malaysia’s TIP tier ranking at the same time has raised concerns among some observers regarding the integrity and veracity of the 2015 ranking process. 
I look forward to hearing more from 
the administration in the days ahead about the considerations taken into ac-count for the TIP ranking process and, in particular, the decision to upgrade Malaysia. That is why Chairman C
ORKER and I scheduled a hearing on 
this issue in the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee. 
Archibald MacLeish, the writer and 
former Librarian of Congress, said: 
There are those who will say that the lib-
eration of humanity, the freedom of man and mind, is nothing but a dream. They are right. It is the American Dream. 
We owe it to the millions of men, 
women, and children around the world who suffer from the horrifying depreda-tions of modern slavery to maintain America’s leadership, reputation, and resolve in the fight against human trafficking. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING YORK COUNTY 
COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
∑Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, on Sep-
tember 5, 1995, York County Technical College opened its doors in a hotel in Wells, ME, with five associate’s degree and certificate programs and 156 stu-dents. Now known as York County Community College, the college in 2015 has three campuses, more than 30 pro-grams, and some 1,700 full and part- time students. I congratulate this re-markable institution for 20 years of contributions to the people of Maine’s southernmost county and to our entire State. 
This truly is a community effort. In 
the years before the school was estab-lished, business, civic, and education leaders in York County formed Part-
ners for Progress, a coalition to ad-dress the challenge of developing a bet-ter-trained workforce for a fast-chang-ing global economy. The demand for technical education was immediately apparent: by 1997, in just its third year, the numbers for enrollment and pro-grams both tripled. In recent years, York County Community College has twice been named one of the fastest- growing community colleges in the Na-tion. 
In 2003, Maine’s outstanding tech-
nical college system expanded its mis-sion to become a community college system that enhances skills, strength-ens our State’s economy, and increases access to college. Nearly one-half of York County Community College stu-dents are first-generation college stu-dents, and some 40 percent of graduates go on to enroll at a 4-year college. Under the leadership of President Bar-bara Finkelstein, a dedicated faculty and staff, and a committed YCCC Foundation, York County Community College reaches out in many ways. With programs for seniors and students of high school age and younger, life-long learning is a core part of the school’s mission. The Center for Entre-preneurship encourages the innovation that is essential to our economy. Arts and culture offerings and the ‘‘Eggs and Issues’’ speakers program enrich the entire community. 
The people of Maine are proud of our 
community college system. The reason is clear: students of all ages and back-grounds are finding affordable tuition and the skills they need to succeed. They are finding real value. 
York County Community College is 
an important part of that success. Since its inception, the college has educated more than 20,000 people in many fields, including medical fields, technology, business management, skilled trades, and many other occupa-tions. It has fueled the economy, cre-ated opportunity, and helped improve the quality of life for all. The accom-plishments of York County Community College during the past 20 years are in-spiring, and I know the best is yet to come. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING OUTSTANDING MIN-
NESOTA LAW ENFORCEMENT OF-FICIALS 
∑Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, 
today I wish to recognize three out-standing Minnesota police officers. The Minnesota Police and Peace Officers Association, the largest association representing Minnesota’s rank-and-file police officers, recently met for its an-nual conference and named Sergeant Mark Ficcadenti of the St. Paul Police Department Police Officer of the Year and gave Honorable Mention Awards to Officer Mark Ross of the St. Paul Po-lice Department and State Trooper Brian Beuning. 
Sergeant Ficcadenti is a 30-year vet-
eran of the St. Paul Police Department where he serves an indispensable role 
performing community outreach and forging relationships with the most vulnerable immigrant populations. Sergeant Ficcadenti organizes events such as the East African Junior Police Academy, Ramadan celebrations with the local Somali community, and the ‘‘Safe and Sound’’ program that allows people to meet and get to know local police officers. His tireless efforts to ensure that the police department serves all communities has promoted safety, encouraged community co-operation, and fostered trust in law en-forcement. 
Honorable Mention Award recipient 
Officer Mark Ross of the St. Paul Po-lice Department is a former school re-source officer, whose awareness prompted him to look into a female high school student’s frequent absences and suspicious relationship with her fa-ther. After some investigation, Ross re-vealed that the student’s father had been abusing and neglecting the young girl for years. The father was convicted and is now serving a 25-year sentence in prison. As a result of Officer Ross’ actions, the young woman has grad-uated from high school and has been accepted into a Minnesota college. 
The second Honorable Mention 
Award recipient, Minnesota State Trooper Beuning, exhibited heroism and outstanding professionalism when dispatched last year to help a woman trapped in her car during a flash flood in Beaver Creek, MN. After wading through knee-deep waters, State Trooper Beuning calmed the trapped woman by standing next to the car and speaking to her through a cracked win-dow. Seconds after Trooper Beuning and firefighters removed the woman through the window of her car, the ve-hicle was swept away by floodwaters. Three months after his act of bravery, Beuning was given the Officer of the Month Award by the National Law En-forcement Officers Memorial Fund. 
I join all of my fellow Minnesotans in 
applauding these three distinguished public servants. I would also like to thank not only these three individuals but all of Minnesota’s brave law en-forcement officers who keep our com-munities safe. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING INTERMOUNTAIN 
HEALTHCARE 
∑Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I would like 
to take a moment to pay tribute to one of the country’s exemplary organiza-tions, Intermountain Healthcare, which this year celebrates 40 years of service to people in Utah and the sur-rounding area. Based in Salt Lake City, Intermountain Healthcare has been a longtime provider of top-of-the- line care, as well as a leading example among the country’s integrated health systems. 
Prior to the organization’s inception 
in 1975, the 15 hospitals that would be-come Intermountain Healthcare were administered and operated by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06AU6.003 S06AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6434 August 6, 2015 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints. After deciding it would divest its hospitals, the church yielded its re-sponsibilities to a new, secular, not- for-profit organization known as Inter-mountain Healthcare. 
Since that time, Intermountain 
Healthcare has grown to include 21 hos-pitals across the State of Utah, as well as one in Idaho. In addition to its hos-
pitals, Intermountain also includes more than 185 clinics and 1,400 multi- specialty doctors and advanced-prac-tice clinicians. Its not-for-profit health plan, SelectHealth, serves more than 750,000 members. Its integrated struc-ture allows Intermountain to work with people at all stages of their lives, before and after they may require med-ical care, to optimize health. Inter-mountain Healthcare has been com-pletely dedicated to its mission of ‘‘helping people live the healthiest lives possible,’’ and for the last 40 years it has successfully accomplished that mission. 
Intermountain strives to provide the 
highest quality care and services to all at an affordable cost, at times, even providing care for those unable to fi-nance their own medical needs. In 2014, in more than 268,000 cases, Inter-mountain Healthcare donated more than $384 million in services to those who were unable to pay. In addition, Intermountain operates safety net community clinics for people who are uninsured or who have low incomes, and it provides financial support to 30 independent community clinics in the region. These clinics cared for people in more than 366,000 visits last year. Among its many other community ben-efits, Intermountain also provided $33 million to support medical training programs, residencies, and other health-related education. Inter-mountain Healthcare is a vital leader within the Utah community and truly embodies its values of integrity, trust, excellence, accountability, and mutual respect that are critical in the provi-sion of health care. Led by a volunteer board of trustees who donate their time without pay themselves, Inter-mountain is making a huge impact in the world of health care, as well as in the lives of the individuals it serves. 
Intermountain Healthcare has for 
years been recognized as one of the leading organizations of its kind. This year Intermountain Healthcare had five hospitals included on the Truven Health Analytics annual 100 Top Hos-pitals study. There was only one other health system in the U.S. that had five hospitals on the list. In 2014, Inter-mountain was named to the InformationWeek Elite 100 rankings, which compiles a list of top business technology innovators in the U.S. These are just a few examples from the resume ´of accomplishments and rec-
ognition Intermountain Healthcare has rightfully earned. 
In addition to the administration of 
its health services and medical group, Intermountain Healthcare provides key emergency transport services in its re-
gion. In 1978, Intermountain Life Flight made its first helicopter patient transport, making it only the seventh air medical helicopter service in the United States. Life Flight now owns and operates 7 helicopters and 3 fixed- wing aircraft. This operation has been crucial to locating, rescuing, and sav-ing patients who are in time-sensitive, critical condition. 
The growth, quality, and innovation 
of Intermountain Healthcare is impres-sive, but what stands out even more is this organization’s character. It has al-ways sought to follow the highest eth-ical standard, even in cases when legal standards were lower or when trans-parency may have led to embarrass-ment. One example was its decision to proactively notify certain patients of possible exposure to a rare disease, even though the risk was very low and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said that notification was not required. Another example was its decision to voluntarily self-disclose po-tential compliance issues with a Fed-eral law to the U.S. attorney, even though it exposed itself to significant penalties. Intermountain is an organi-zation that always takes the high road, seeks to do the right thing, and raises the bar for ethical behavior. 
When I look at Intermountain 
Healthcare, I see an example to the country of what it means to serve. I see health care providers who make people a priority rather than profit. I see an organization that values honesty and ethical conduct with its patients, its peers, and the government. We in Utah are blessed by such a high standard of conduct. May we all follow this exam-ple as we fulfill our duty to honorably serve our fellow citizens and contribute to our community. 
Please join me in commending Inter-
mountain Healthcare on the leadership it has demonstrated and the positive influence it has had on American health care in its first 40 years of serv-ice.∑ 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES DURING 
ADJOURNMENT 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of August 5, 2015, the fol-lowing reports of committees were sub-mitted on August 6, 2015: 
By Mr. ISAKSON, from the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs, with an amendment: 
S. 833. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which appro-priations were made for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. KING: 
S. 2003. A bill to facilitate the free market 
for distributed energy resources; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , 
and Mr. B ARRASSO ): 
S. 2004. A bill to amend section 320301 of 
title 54, United States Code, to modify the authority of the President of the United States to declare national monuments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 2005. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to prevent concurrent re-ceipt of unemployment benefits and Social Security disability insurance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
K
ING, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. 
PERDUE ): 
S. 2006. A bill to reform the process by 
which Federal agencies analyze and formu-late new regulations and guidance docu-ments; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. 
P
ORTMAN ): 
S. 2007. A bill to create a consistent frame-
work to expedite the recruitment of highly qualified personnel who perform information technology, cybersecurity, and cyber-related functions to enhance cybersecurity across the Federal Government; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. MERKLEY: 
S. 2008. A bill to enhance transportation 
programs in order to achieve an inter-connected transportation system which con-nects people to jobs, schools, and other es-sential services through a multimodal net-work, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
R
UBIO): 
S. 2009. A bill to prohibit the sale of arms 
to Bahrain; to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 256 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 256, a bill to amend the defini-tion of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless chil-dren and youth, and for other purposes. 
S. 330 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Illi-
nois (Mr. K IRK) and the Senator from 
Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 330, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the special rule for con-tributions of qualified conservation contributions, and for other purposes. 
S. 471 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 471, a bill to improve the provision of health care for women veterans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06AU6.005 S06AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6435 August 6, 2015 
Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and 
modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 952 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 952, a bill to provide for duty- free treatment of certain recreational performance outerwear, and for other purposes. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strength-en penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agriculture en-forcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1190 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1190, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure equal access of Medicare bene-ficiaries to community pharmacies in underserved areas as network phar-macies under Medicare prescription drug coverage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consump-tion of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1309 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1309, a bill to provide for the re-moval of default information from a borrower’s credit report with respect to certain rehabilitated education loans. 
S. 1383 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1383, a bill to amend the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Act of 2010 to sub-ject the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to the regular appropria-tions process, and for other purposes. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1512, a bill to eliminate dis-crimination and promote women’s health and economic security by ensur-ing reasonable workplace accommoda-tions for workers whose ability to per-form the functions of a job are limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related medical condition. 
S. 1513 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1513, a bill to reauthorize the Second Chance Act of 2007. S. 1819 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1819, a bill to improve security at Armed Forces recruitment centers. 
S. 1833 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1833, a bill to amend the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the child and adult care food program. 
S. 1856 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the names of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from 
New York (Mr. S CHUMER ), the Senator 
from Washington (Ms. C ANTWELL ) and 
the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 1856, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for suspension and re-moval of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety and to improve ac-countability of employees of the De-partment, and for other purposes. 
S. 1893 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1893, a bill to reauthorize and im-prove programs related to mental health and substance use disorders. 
S. 1919 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1919, a bill to amend the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act to protect rights of conscience with regard to requirements for cov-erage of specific items and services, to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit certain abortion-related discrimination in governmental activi-ties, and for other purposes. 
S. 1945 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ), the Senator from Michi-
gan (Ms. S TABENOW ) and the Senator 
from Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1945, a bill to make available needed psychiatric, psychological, and supportive services for individuals with mental illness and families in mental health crisis, and for other purposes. 
S. 1948 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1948, a bill to increase awareness of the Federal student loan income-based re-payment plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1967 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D UR-
BIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1967, 
a bill to provide for the conveyance of land of the Illiana Health Care System of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Danville, Illinois. S. 1972 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W AR-
NER) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1972, a bill to require air carriers to modify certain policies with respect to the use of epinephrine for in-flight emergencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 1994 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1994, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase certain fuel taxes and to strengthen the earned income tax credit and make permanent certain tax provisions under the Amer-ican Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. 
S.J. RES. 1 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S.J. Res. 1, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States relative to limiting the number of terms that a Member of Congress may serve. 
S. RES. 245 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 245, a resolution desig-nating the week beginning September 13, 2015, as ‘‘National Direct Support Professionals Recognition Week’’ . 
AMENDMENT NO . 2590 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 2590 intended to be proposed to S. 754, an original bill to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of in-formation about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Chair announces that pursu-ant to the consent obtained on August 5, 2015, granting the leaders authority to make appointments during the re-cess of the Senate, the following ap-pointments were made on August 6, 2015. 
The Chair, on behalf of the President 
of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 106–286, appoints the following Mem-bers to serve on the Congressional-Ex-ecutive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: the Honorable T
OM 
COTTON of Arkansas, the Honorable 
STEVE DAINES of Montana, and the 
Honorable J AMES LANKFORD of Okla-
homa. 
The Chair, on behalf of the majority 
leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 113–146, appoints the fol-lowing individual to serve as a member of the Commission on Care: Lt. General Martin Steele (Ret) of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Aug 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06AU6.004 S06AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6436 August 6, 2015 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TUESDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 8, 2015, AT 2 P.M. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 2 p.m. on 
Tuesday, September 8, 2015, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 72. Thereupon, the Senate, at 11:30 and 39 
seconds a.m., adjourned until Tuesday, 
September 8, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Aug 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06AU6.008 S06AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
D941 Thursday, August 6, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6429–S6436 
The Senate met at 11:30:05 a.m. in pro forma ses-
sion, and adjourned, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 72, at 11:30:39 a.m., until 2 p.m. on Tuesday, September 8, 2015. 
Measures Introduced: Seven bills were introduced, 
as follows: S. 2003–2009.
                                     Page S6434 
Measures Reported: 
Reported on Thursday, August 6, during the ad-
journment: 
S. 833, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which appropriations were made for fis-cal year 2015, with an amendment.
                Page S6434 
Appointments: 
The Chair announced that pursuant to the order 
of Wednesday, August 5, 2015, the following ap-pointments were made: 
Congressional-Executive Commission on the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China: The Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 
106–286, appointed the following Members to serve on the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Senators Cotton, Daines, and Lankford.
                                                               Page S6435 
Commission on Care: The Chair, on behalf of the 
Majority Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 113–146, appointed the following individual to serve as a member of the Commission on Care: Lt. General Martin Steele (Ret), of Florida, vice The Honorable Tom Coburn, of Oklahoma.
         Page S6435 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6434–35 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
2015 TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS REPORT 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the 2015 Trafficking in Per-sons Report, after receiving testimony from Sarah Sewall, Under Secretary of State for Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, Sep-tember 8, 2015 pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 72. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
AUGUST 7, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Aug 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06AU5.REC D06AUPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD942 August 6, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
2 p.m., Tuesday, September 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will begin consideration of 
H.J. Res. 61, Hire More Heroes Act. 
At 5 p.m., Senate will begin consideration of the nom-
ination of Roseann A. Ketchmark, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Missouri, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Tuesday, September 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: The House is scheduled to meet 
at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, September 8, 2015 pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 72. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Aug 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06AU5.REC D06AUPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST