Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2317 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, APRIL 20, 2015 No. 57 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
April 20, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable A DRIAN  
SMITH to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Gracious God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
You have blessed us with all good 
gifts, and with thankful hearts, we ex-press our gratitude. You have created us with opportunities to serve other people in their need, to share together in respect and affection, and to be faithful in the responsibilities we have been given. 
In this moment of prayer, please 
grant to the Members of this people’s House, as they meet with their respec-tive constituents, the gifts of wisdom and discernment that in their words and actions they will do justice, love with mercy, and walk humbly with You. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM STAFF 
MEMBER OF THE OFFICE OF THE 18TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from a staff member of the Of-fice of the 18th Congressional District of Illinois: 
MARCH 31, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you 
formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have 
been served with a grand jury subpoena for testimony, issued by the U.S. District Court for the Central District of Illinois. 
After consultation with counsel, I will 
make the determinations required by Rule VIII. 
Sincerely, 
S
HEALEDFORD . 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CHIEF 
ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ADMINISTRA -
TIVE OFFICER , H OUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, April 14, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you 
formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have 
been served with a grand jury subpoena for documents, issued by the United States Dis-trict Court for the Eastern District of Vir-ginia. 
After consultation with the Office of Gen-
eral Counsel, I have determined that compli-ance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. 
Sincerely, 
E
DCASSIDY , 
Chief Administrative Officer. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the House stands adjourned until noon tomorrow for morning-hour debate. 
There was no objection. Thereupon (at 2 o’clock and 3 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, April 21, 2015, at noon for morning- hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1209. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-108; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1210. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-134; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1211. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-136; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1212. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Con-
trol Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-009; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Apr 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20AP7.000 H20APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2318 April 20, 2015 
1213. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-002; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1214. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-126; to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 152. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to enter into an agreement to provide for management of the free-roaming wild horses in and around the Currituck National Wildlife Refuge (Rept. 114–84). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 471. A bill to improve en-forcement efforts related to prescription drug diversion and abuse, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 114–85, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. House Concurrent Resolution 21. A resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby (Rept. 114–86). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. House Concurrent Resolution 25. A resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the Na-tional Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhi-bition (Rept. 114–87). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, 
Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 471 re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 1894. A bill to authorize the extension 
of preferential tariff treatment for certain textile goods imported from Morocco; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: 
H.R. 1895. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-
nental Shelf Lands Act to prohibit oil and gas preleasing, leasing, and related activities in certain areas of the Outer Continental Shelf off the coast of Florida, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. 
M
ARINO , and Mr. D EUTCH ): 
H.R. 1896. A bill to amend chapter 26 of 
title 35, United States Code, to require the disclosure of information related to patent ownership, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 1894. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: 
H.R. 1895. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 & 18 of the 
U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 1896. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 592: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 625: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 663: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 702: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 831: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 835: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 985: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1178: Mr. D OLDand Mr. Y OUNG of Indi-
ana. 
H.R. 1222: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1282: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M CNERNEY , 
Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 1433: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 1478: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 1603: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1625: Ms. S INEMA and Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 1674: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 1685: Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 1742: Mr. B UCSHON and Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 1760: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1810: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1882: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia and 
Ms. L EE. 
H.J. Res. 42: Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H. Res. 210: Mr. R OHRABACHER and Mr. 
COOK. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Apr 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L20AP7.000 H20APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2259 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, APRIL 20, 2015 No. 57 
Senate 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable T OM 
COTTON , a Senator from the State of 
Arkansas. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, we praise Your great-
ness, might, and majesty. You own all that is in Heaven and Earth. Both riches and honor come from You. Your compassion never fails. Today, use our lawmakers as instruments of Your pur-poses. Lord, give them the wisdom and courage for the living of these chal-lenging days. May they find encourage-ment in the knowledge that the full harvest of their labors is yet to come. Unite them in the common endeavor of making America a beacon of freedom for our world. May their thoughts, words, and actions honor You. 
We pray in Your sovereign Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , 
Washington, DC, April 20, 2015. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T OMCOTTON , a Sen-
ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. COTTON thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, it has been 
164 days—164 very long, long days, espe-cially for a woman by the name of Lo-retta Lynch. Her nomination is lan-guishing here in the Republican limbo that they have created. For 6 months Senate Republicans have looked for any and every reason to push back con-firmation of this good woman to be At-torney General. 
Does anyone know why? Can a single 
Republican Senator tell us why? The answer is no. Her qualifications are im-peccable. She has some bipartisan sup-port. But again, for unknown reasons, Republican support seems to be dis-appearing. Is there a single Republican Senator who can come here to the Sen-ate floor and give an explanation that does not absolutely smack of political foolishness? 
Republicans do not know why Loret-
ta Lynch has not yet been confirmed— just listen to what Congressman P
ETER  
KINGsaid. By the way, P ETER KINGis a 
Republican from New York. 
All you’ve heard from our party for a very 
long time is how much contempt they have for Holder. Now they’re presented with Lo-
retta Lynch, who is by far the best attorney general they could ever have expected this President to appoint, and they still hold the thing up. . . . And for what? Because they think it scores them a few political points? With whom? 
That is the irony of it all. Repub-
licans have held Ms. Lynch’s nomina-tion hostage for nothing more than po-
litical purposes. Here is something I will read to the people within the sound of my voice, which is a direct quote from the New York Daily News editorial. 
The Republicans in the Senate, the mean-
est and most narrow-minded among them oc-casionally acting as if they want the Demo-crats to have the White House into the next century, need to free Loretta Lynch this week. 
They need to stop using abortion language 
in an anti-trafficking bill for cover, they need to stop using Lynch’s support for Presi-dent Obama on immigration as cover, they need to stop insulting Lynch the way they 
have for months as they have delayed a vote on confirming her as our next attorney gen-eral for the simple reason that they can. 
The issue here was never Loretta Lynch’s 
policies, always about President Obama’s. They have used her to get at him, because to the end they remain obsessed with getting at him. No wonder Jeb Bush stood up for Lynch in New Hampshire. Bush didn’t just show grace in doing that, he also showed more common sense than his brother showed in eight years as President. 
Jeb Bush has to know that Sen. Mitch 
McConnell hijacking this process does him absolutely no good, the way it does him no good to have McConnell as an important voice and face of the Republican Party. As long as McConnell is, too many voters com-pletely wide-open about the upcoming Presi-dential campaign will continue to think the party is still owned and operated by scrubs who think they can push around Loretta Lynch for sport. 
‘‘Pushing around Loretta Lynch for 
sport’’ is certainly how it seems. How else can you explain the Republicans changing the subject every time her name comes up? Every time Ms. Lynch’s confirmation is discussed, they change the subject. Every time when asked, Republicans deflect: ‘‘next Con-gress’’ or ‘‘after Keystone’’ or ‘‘after we try and shut down Homeland Secu-rity,’’ and, of course, the newest, ‘‘after trafficking.’’ 
President Obama put it best last Fri-
day when he said: 
Nobody can describe a reason for it beyond 
political gamesmanship in the Senate. I have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20AP6.000 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2260 April 20, 2015 
to say that there are times where the dys-
function in the Senate just goes too far. This is an example of it. 
He said: ‘‘This is embarrassing.’’ 
It is embarrassing. It is embarrassing 
for the Senate and for our Nation. Even Republicans—I should say some Repub-licans—are embarrassed. They know there is no rationale for delaying a vote for America’s chief law enforce-ment officer. There is no reason that we cannot confirm Loretta Lynch today—right now, even. There is noth-ing preventing the majority leader from coming to the Senate floor imme-diately and moving the Senate into ex-ecutive session for consideration of Ms. Lynch’s nomination. 
Why then is the majority leader de-
termined to make her wait until after the trafficking legislation is approved? Why? We are now spending the first 2 weeks of this current work period fin-ishing two matters—human trafficking and her nomination. These two matters could have been completed months ago. Everyone is aware of what has tran-spired with the human trafficking bill. 
It is sufficient to say that Repub-
licans tried to pull a fast one on the American people. Republicans at-tempted to broaden a precedent that traditionally prevents Federal funds for paying for abortion, except in cases of rape, incest, and when the life of the mother is at risk. This is commonly known as the Hyde language. The Hyde 
language has applied to taxpayer dol-lars. Republicans want to change that to apply to nontaxpayer dollars. 
It was a failed political ploy, and it is 
no surprise, then, that the Republicans are scrambling to save their necks after trying to dupe American women. My Republican colleagues appear to be close to seeing the light on human traf-ficking, and there seems to be a path forward. But there is no guarantee that we can do it. As of right now, we do not have an agreement in place to put the finishing touches on our work on the bill. But we are working on that goal. The progress we have made is due al-most entirely to the good-faith efforts of Senators M
URRAY , LEAHY , and A MY 
KLOBUCHAR . 
When are Republicans going to see 
the light on Loretta Lynch? When will the majority leader realize he con-tinues to obstruct a qualified nominee for absolutely no reason? The Senate should turn to a vote on Ms. Lynch’s nomination immediately. Every day that passes without a newly confirmed Attorney General proves once and again that Republicans cannot lead and they certainly cannot govern. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of S. 
178, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 178) to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Cornyn) amendment No. 
1120, to strengthen the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act by incorporating additional bipartisan amendments. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will call the roll 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
LYNCH NOMINATION  
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, 
as we all know, a vote of confirmation for Loretta Lynch to be our next Attor-ney General has now been delayed 164 days, or 5 months. We have seen this qualified woman waiting for a con-firmation vote, and we have had at least 51 Members—a majority—indi-cating they will support her confirma-tion. 
I remember coming to the floor lis-
tening to colleagues during the Bush administration state over and over again that elections have con-sequences, that Presidents have a right to have their nominees voted on, and that it is our responsibility to make sure, if something comes out of com-mittee, that we vote on a final con-firmation. 
When we look at the fact that we 
have seen Loretta Lynch wait for a vote on the floor for a combined length of time that equals more than the last seven Attorneys General, I really do believe, as the President has said, enough is enough. 
I remember a time when we had a 
controversial nominee—John Ashcroft—and many of us did not sup-port that nomination. I did not support that nomination. But we brought it to the floor for a vote. He waited 42 days. 
At the time, people said that was a long time. He was not blocked. We did not filibuster. We did not require a supermajority. In fact, there were 42 of us who voted no, so we could have stopped it on a procedural vote. But we allowed the nomination of John Ashcroft to come to the floor for a vote. 
So we fast-forward. And we have seen 
this, of course, over and over again, as we look at the President’s nominees in the last 6
1⁄2years. Now we see this emi-
nently qualified woman, who has been held up as of today 164 days, waiting and waiting to have the opportunity to have a vote up or down on confirma-tion. If people want to vote no, they have that right, but she deserves a vote. 
Today, we are going to vote on the 
confirmation of a district court judge in Texas. I think it is good that the 
Southern District of Texas will have a Federal court judge, but the entire country needs a permanent Attorney General. In fact, the Attorney Gen-eral’s office is the one that actually brings the cases to Federal courts and tries them on behalf of all the Amer-ican people. So it is really ridiculous that we stand at this point where we are having to ask, after more than 5 months, that there be a vote for Loret-ta Lynch. 
After she was reported out, we saw a 
very distinguished nominee for Sec-retary of Defense come out of com-mittee and immediately come to the floor and be confirmed, but Loretta Lynch has waited and waited. We con-tinue to vote on district judges, and Loretta Lynch is waiting and waiting. 
We hear all kinds of excuses, all 
kinds of reasons. We are hearing that Loretta Lynch’s nomination to be At-torney General cannot be voted on until we complete another very impor-tant bill—the human trafficking bill— that we all want to get done. It has, unfortunately, had a curve ball added because of the politics around choice and abortion that has been interjected into this, and we are having to work our way through that. I have been in-volved in a lot of discussions, as my 
colleagues have. I am confident we can address those if people want to get this done on behalf of girls and women in our country. But that has nothing to 
do with the nomination of Loretta Lynch for Attorney General, other than one thing, which is that as U.S. attorney of the Eastern District of New York, she presided over a very effective antitrafficking program, investigating and prosecuting scores of defendants. 
In that sense, again, we need Loretta 
Lynch—her talent, her expertise, and her experience—to be able to tackle what is a horrible situation that way too many of our girls and women find themselves in. We somehow for too long have thought this was something that was happening someplace else. Yet we saw it in Lansing, MI—where I live, the capital of Michigan—where there was a case in the trafficking situation that the FBI and local officials ad-dressed. What we are finding right now is that as we proceed with confirming other people for other positions—Mon-day nights we are voting on other posi-tions, we are voting on district judges, and we voted on other people for other positions not held up by human traf-ficking, not held up by trying to get that bill resolved, but for some reason the Attorney General position has somehow been held up. 
I don’t buy it. It makes no sense that 
we would pick one person—one per-son—not others but one person and de-cide that this person and this nomina-tion, this confirmation vote will be held hostage to another issue. It is time to stop it. Now, 164 days is long enough; 164 days is long enough. It is time to give Loretta Lynch the respect and the vote she has been waiting for and she deserves. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20AP6.002 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2261 April 20, 2015 
I yield back the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP  
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, this 
body—the Senate—continues to rush through one of the most consequential changes to U.S. economic policy this decade with little media attention, lit-tle scrutiny by committees, and little discussion from leadership of this Sen-ate. Last week, we were called into a rushed legislative hearing on fast-track and a trade package with little notice and no bill to see. We had less than 13 hours’ notice for a committee meet-ing—the standard here is 1 week, and I believe that is the Senate rule—on one of the most secretive documents we have seen in front of us. Senators and their staffs, Congress men and women and their staffs, have limited access to this document—the Trans-Pacific Part-nership—and no access to legislation upon which we had a hearing on Thurs-day. It was only after the hearing that they finally decided to introduce the bill. Yet, this affects more than 50 per-cent of the world’s GDP. Fifty percent of the world’s GDP could be affected by this package. Millions of American jobs are on the line. Yet, Congress is rushing this bill through. 
We cannot fast-track fast-track leg-
islation. We know what so-called free trade has done to this country. It may not affect too many people who dress like this in this town, people who wear expensive suits, but for those in the heartland and in places such as Des Moines and Iowa City and Columbus and Cleveland, we know bad trade deals have devastated towns. 
I grew up in Mansfield, OH. When I 
was a kid, we had thousands of jobs at Westinghouse, Ohio Brass, Mansfield Tire, Fisher Body, Goreman-Rupp, and so many other companies. Almost all of those companies have shut down— not just because of globalization and bad trade deals, but certainly that con-tributed to it. Every one of those com-panies that hasn’t shut down has laid off, in most cases, thousands of its workers. 
On Friday, I was in Dayton, where I 
spoke with Jimmy Allen. Jimmy worked at Appleton Paper for 45 years. He was a union officer for 43 of those years. He was one of 400 workers laid off due to unfair trade in 2012 when China cheated on currency, under-mining the U.S. paper industry. 
I hear all the time from workers like 
Jimmy. George Rossi of Warren, OH— at the other end of the State—wrote to 
me to share his story. He wrote: 
My wife lost her job of 15 years at GE in 
Ravenna, OH because of foreign trade. The plant that once employed 600 is now closed. My brother-in-law lost his [job] at Ohio Lamp in Warren, which is now closed. My plant, WCI Steel, is now closed. At one time the plant employed 1,800 people. 
George wrote: I could go on and on. 
There have been many friends and fam-ily, so many who have worked in nu-merous plants that are now closed—in large part because of bad foreign trade deals. 
Jamie Vaughan wrote to me saying 
that Jamie’s father and Jamie’s grand-father worked at Ford in Canton, OH, until it shut down. Jamie’s father was able to transfer to Indianapolis, where Jamie and Jamie’s brother also worked, until that Ford plant shut down too. Jamie wrote: 
They built a plant exactly like Indy’s in 
Brazil. My brother and I transferred to Cali-fornia. A few years later, that plant shut down. 
I got a letter from Gary Ordway of 
Continental, OH, about how factory closures have ripple effects across en-tire communities. He wrote: 
In 1995 I was employed with General Mo-
tors Powertrain Foundry in Defiance, OH, where we were working 12 hours a day, 6 to 7 days a week, and then along came the North American Free Trade Agreement. There were over 5,000 employees working at that time, and after NAFTA there was a con-stant loss of jobs, so today, there are about 1,000 employees left. We are looking at a weekly loss of $4.8 million in wages to the local economy and around $1.2 million in weekly taxes lost due to the 4,000 jobs ex-ported because of NAFTA. Within the next couple of years the foundry will be losing all of its iron castings and another 350 jobs will be eliminated, and Plant One is scheduled to be torn town. So NAFTA wasn’t good for our community and foundry because our iron casting business went to Mexico. 
That was Gary Ordway of northwest 
Ohio. We have seen it in the northwest and we have seen it in the southwest. 
Joseph Hicks from Elyria, OH, wrote: 
I am a member of Local 1104 in Lorain. I 
work at U.S. Steel tubular division. As of the 22nd of March, me and 600 of my brothers and sisters have been placed on indefinite layoff, some departments idled, due to lack of work. This is mainly [because of] the illegal dump-ing of cheaply-made steel. 
I would add, subsidized steel. 
Foreign countries cut corners on safety, 
pay workers next to nothing, and don’t care 
about quality. With these ingredients, they are able to sell their steel products for a lot less than we at U.S. steel can. 
There used to be a time when ‘‘Made in 
America’’ meant something. I long to see that be the attitude again. 
Joseph goes on: 
I am suffering greatly now because of the 
trickle-down effect. I am laid off, I have lost my job, my career, my way of life to support my growing and deserving family. I have a wife, Megan, [who] cannot work because she has to care for our 2-year-old disabled daugh-ter. 
I ask, beg, our public officials . . . do what 
needs to be done to get American workers back to work. 
That is Joseph from U.S. Steel in Lo-
rain. We owe these workers more than 
rushed hearings. We owe them more than to rubberstamp a deal we have barely been able to read. Keep in mind that we didn’t see this bill until Thurs-day night. We have still not had one hearing on this bill to discuss the bill. The chairman of the committee wants to do the markup the day after tomor-row, and this bill will govern poten-tially 60 percent of the world’s GDP. So they want to fast-track this fast-track legislation so they can pass more trade agreements that outsource jobs. 
Trade done right can create jobs, but 
our current trade deals amount to cor-porate handouts and worker sellouts. 
The Economic Policy Institute found 
that the wage loss to workers on the wrong end of expanded trade is almost certainly larger than the estimated net national gains from the TPP. They write that there is no such thing as an all-gain, no-pain treaty. We know that is true because workers such as Joseph and Jamie and George and Gary and Jimmy feel that pain. 
I urge my colleagues over the next 
couple of days to ask the tough ques-tions and demand answers from the U.S. Trade Representative, who has told us little and who has given us even less access to these trade agreements, and to say no to a trade deal that will end up fast-tracking more jobs over-seas. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR EN  
BLOC—H.R. 636, H.R. 644, H.R. 1295, H.R. 1314, AND 
S. 984 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I un-
derstand there are five bills at the desk due for a second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bills by title for the second time. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 636) to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend in-creased expensing limitations, and for other purposes. 
A bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for con-tributions of food inventory. 
A bill (H.R. 1295) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the process for making determinations with respect to whether organizations are exempt from tax-ation under section 501(c)(4) of such Code. 
A bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations. 
A bill (S. 984) to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare ben-eficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, in 
order to place the bills on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceeding en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20AP6.005 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2262 April 20, 2015 
The bills will be placed on the cal-
endar. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The senior Senator from Louisiana. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR THE 
VICTIMS OF THE DEEPWATER HORIZON TRAGEDY 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I rise 
today to solemnly observe the 5-year anniversary of the Deepwater Horizon oilspill, also known as the BP disaster. It was a major and deeply tragic inci-dent that resulted in the loss of 11 lives in the Gulf of Mexico and beyond that really devastated the gulf region. 
I wish to start where we should al-
ways start—by remembering in a sol-emn and prayerful way the 11 men who lost their lives in the incident. They were Donald ‘‘Duck’’ Clark, 49, of Newellton, LA; Stephen Ray Curtis, 40, of Georgetown, LA; Gordon Jones, 28, of Baton Rouge, LA; Roy Wyatt Kemp, 27, of Jonesville, LA; Keith Blair Manuel, 56, of Gonzalez, LA; Jason An-derson, 35, of Midfield, TX; Adam Weise, 24, of Yorktown, TX; Aaron Dale Durkeen, 37, of Philadelphia, MS; Karl Kleppinger, Jr., 38, of Natchez, MS; Dewey Revette, 48, of State Line, MS; and Shane Roshto, 22, of Liberty, MS. We lift up those men and their families in our prayers, and we will continue to keep those men whose lives were lost and continue to keep their families in our fervent thoughts and prayers. 
While 5 years have passed, the effects 
of the Deepwater Horizon tragedy are still felt today in communities all along the gulf coast. The terrible and unnecessary loss of life, the harming of our precious coastal ecosystems, and the persisting economic burdens serve as a constant reminder of the failures that led to the spill, as well as the les-sons learned in the 5 years since. 
Poor industry and government over-
sight and the failure by many involved to enforce safety regulations were largely responsible for multiple mis-takes leading up to the tragedy. As a result, we have learned many lessons on how to prevent future accidents such as this. The first is that the lives and safety of the men and women who work in this field are absolutely para-mount and need to be kept so, and the Federal and State safety standards overseeing them should reflect that as a priority. 
Changes are needed, and the Federal 
agencies that oversee and regulate the offshore energy industry must commu-nicate clearly with State and local governments and impacted industries. They must also do a better job of en-forcing strong, necessary safety and 
environmental standards. 
It is also important that we prevent 
the administration or any future ad-ministration from having knee-jerk re-actions to incidents such as this. Each gulf coast community remembers the devastating effects of the offshore drilling moratorium that followed the disaster—something that was com-pletely unnecessary, including in the opinion of so many experts. Once the Obama administration imposed this unnecessary drilling moratorium, that decision had crippling results for Lou-isiana and Gulf State economies. When accidents such as this spill happen, there needs to be a calculated, logical, and immediate response in order to re-place ineffective regulations with rules that focus on preserving lives and pro-tecting the environment. It is impera-tive that we prevent shortsighted Fed-eral mandates and thoughtless regula-tions that hinder regional recovery and destroy local economies instead. 
We also learned that there needs to 
be a clear and specific judicial penalty process in place in order to ensure that claims can be efficiently filed and fi-nalized in order to let those who are af-fected by such disasters return to some sense of normalcy, day-to-day nor-malcy, and economic normalcy as quickly as possible. This should include insuring responsible parties such as BP are timely in paying their judicially and statutorily mandated fines and penalties. There is absolutely no ex-cuse that 5 years later gulf residents, in many cases, are still waiting for the responsible parties to fulfill their legal obligations, including under the RE-STORE Act. 
As we remember the Deepwater Hori-
zon tragedy today, let us renew our commitment to work on all of these matters and to finish the work that is left to do as our gulf coastlines and economies continue to recover. 
Thank you, Madam President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Madam President, 5 
years ago today, 11 Americans were lost when the Deepwater Horizon ex-ploded off the gulf coast. I would like to name them. This is hard. These were the people we grew up with. I apologize for being emotional, but these are our neighbors, and so to remember them— Jason Anderson 35, Midfield, TX. Jason had two kids, and his wife Shelley said that Thanksgiving was his favorite hol-iday. 
Aaron Dale ‘‘Bubba’’ Burkeen, 37, of 
Philadelphia, MS. He passed on his wedding anniversary and 4 days before his birthday. He was married with two children. 
Donald Clark, 49, of Newellton, LA. 
Husband to Sheila with four kids. He was a fisherman. To honor him on the anniversary of his death, his family says a prayer and releases balloons over a lake in his favorite color, which is sky blue. Stephen Ray Curtis, 40, of George-
town, LA. Stephen was married and the father of two teenagers. 
Gordon Jones of Baton Rouge, LA. 
Gordon was 28. His wife was Michelle. His son Max was born 3 weeks after Gordon passed. An oak tree was plant-ed on the LSU campus on the path where he ran. 
Roy Wyatt Kemp, 27, of Jonesville, 
LA. He was married to Courtney and father of one child. 
Karl Kleppinger, Jr., 38, of Natchez, 
MS. He was a veteran of the first gulf war and the father of one. 
Keith Blair Manuel, 56, of Gonzales, 
LA. Keith had three daughters, was a big fan of LSU sports, and had football and basketball season tickets. 
Dewey A. Revette, 48, of State Line, 
MS. His wife was Sherri. They had been married for 26 years. 
Shane M. Roshto, 22, of Liberty, MS. 
He was the youngest of the men who died. His wife was Natalie, and his son is Blaine. 
Adam Weise, 24, of Yorktown, TX. 
Adam drove 10 hours to Louisiana every 3 weeks to work on the rig. He was a high school football star and spent his off time hunting and fishing. 
We pray that the families find peace 
in the memories of their sons, hus-bands, and fathers. 
The spill was the worst in our 
Nations’s history, and while the con-sequences of this spill are still seen, it is our task to live forward and, in so doing, honor the memory of these men and provide a better future for their families. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that there be a moment of si-lence to honor their memory. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(Moment of silence.) Mr. CASSIDY. Thank you, Madam 
President. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FIVE-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
DEEPWATER HORIZON TRAGEDY 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, it is 
5 in the afternoon. Exactly 5 years ago, at 5 p.m., the crew of the Deepwater Horizon mobile oil drilling unit began what is called a negative pressure test of the Macondo prospect oil formation. A cascade of menacing events followed the first failed test. 
At around 9:40 that evening, drilling 
mud began gushing out onto the rig. The well had kicked. The crew acti-vated the rig’s blowout preventer 1 mile below the surface of the Gulf of Mexico, down at the bottom of the gulf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20AP6.013 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2263 April 20, 2015 
Tragically, the blowout preventer 
failed. At 9:49 p.m., there was an explo-sion on the rig floor. The Deepwater Horizon rig quickly became an inferno. Eleven men died. Eleven families were changed forever. 
As morning came the next day, an oil 
sheen 2 miles long and a half mile wide shone on the surface of the waters of the gulf as the blaze on the rig contin-ued. Those images are seared into our collective mind’s eyes. So the owner of the well, BP, and the owner and oper-ator of the rig, Transocean, tried and failed again to close the blowout pre-venter that evening. Then days later, on Earth Day, April 22, at 10:22 a.m., the rig on the surface of the gulf sank. 
If we can remember, we were first 
told the sheen that was 2 miles long and a half mile wide came from the drums of diesel onboard the rig. Then later, a revision was made that 1,000 barrels of oil a day were leaking from the well a mile below the surface of the gulf. Then that was changed to 5,000 barrels of oil per day and then to 25,000 barrels of oil a day. But none of those estimates were true. Scientists looking at the sheen from aerial observations started to grow very skeptical about what BP engineers were telling them. 
On the environment committee, 
Chairman B
OXER and I started to turn 
up the public pressure to get BP to turn over live footage of 1 mile below the surface of the gulf, where the oil was escaping. We wanted to see how much oil the cameras were showing was escaping from the well. The spill was not out of mind; it was out of sight. As it turned out, unbelievably, 62,000 barrels of oil a day were gushing into the gulf into what is one of our most productive ecosystems on the planet. But we would never have gotten that had scientists not been able to make their estimates by virtue of the live-streaming video that Senator B
OXER and I put up on our Web sites so 
people—unencumbered, around the globe—could make their estimates. This is a prime example of why we must independently verify what oil companies tell us about a spill. 
As we got into the summer, the 
prime of the summer beach season, es-pecially at our beaches in Florida, that was devastating. Nearly 37 percent of gulf waters were closed to fishing. BP and its contractors had no control of the runaway well. On July 15, in the middle of the summer—87 days after the explosion—BP finally stopped the oil flow. 
Today is the anniversary. Our hearts 
collectively go out to the families that lost the 11 men. 
If we don’t learn from this experi-
ence, shame on us. It will come back to haunt us, and in many ways it already has. 
If we start at the bottom of the food 
chain, there are impacts to the gulf en-vironment. Bull minnows, or killifish— little fish about that size—root around in the sediment of the bays of Lou-isiana. In those oiled Louisiana marshes, these little killifish are show-
ing grotesquely deformed gill tissue. And when the killifish embryos were exposed to oil sediment, they showed heart defects, and many failed to hatch. 
Two LSU professors told me shortly 
after they had done the research about a year after the spill that they found that the killifish in their reproductive cycle were mutated. They compared them to the killifish in the bays that did not have the oil come in, and there was a distinct difference between the two. 
As we go up the food chain, the top 
predators face threats from the oil. Scientists have found unusual lung damage, hormone abnormalities, and low blood cell counts up the food chain in dolphins that were exposed to the oil. And we are not going to know the full extent of the impact for years, even decades. 
As a matter of fact, somebody said a 
few months after the BP spill had been contained that there was no more oil in the gulf. There is a lot of oil in the gulf. We just can’t see it. It is down there a mile below the surface. And what are the effects on the health, the future health of the gulf? We don’t know, but we are going to have to re-search it. 
But even with all we learned back in 
2010, to this very day, oil infrastruc-ture in the gulf—this is just unbeliev-able—operated by the Taylor Energy Company continues to leak crude oil since one of the hurricanes years ago. In 2004, a hurricane caused an under-water mudslide that damaged a cluster of oil wells off of Louisiana. Need I re-mind the Senate, June 1 is the begin-ning of hurricane season. So if we are visited by another hurricane, and if it does as it did in 2004, 11 years ago, hav-ing a cluster of Taylor wells that got buried in an undersea mudslide from the hurricane—but the wells are still leaking 11 years later—what is going to happen to other oil structures in the gulf if the big one comes? 
According to the Associated Press in-
vestigation, the actual flow rate of those Taylor wells may be 20 times higher than originally reported. We have seen this episode before. I don’t think we want to repeat this. 
It is so frightening. I asked the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of the Interior to provide any and all images of the Taylor spill. The Congress, in our oversight respon-sibility, has the right to that informa-tion. We have to know how much oil is escaping, and then we have to figure out how to stop it from underneath the undersea mudslide that covered up that cluster of wells. 
In the coming weeks in the Senate 
commerce committee we are going to examine what we have learned in 5 years since the Deepwater Horizon ex-plosion. In 2012, our bipartisan RE-STORE Act got overwhelming votes in both the House and the Senate. The RESTORE Act is a formula with which to send the money that ultimately 
Judge Barbier of the Federal district court in New Orleans will decide as a result of the number of barrels spilled and the culpability of the company. As a result of that, money will flow. It will flow back to the local govern-ments, it will flow back to help the economies of the gulf, and it will flow back in order to try to protect our en-vironment. There is more to be done. I intend to introduce legislation to make sure we prevent, prepare for, and effec-tively respond to the next oil spill. 
As we reflect on the tragic events of 
April 20, 2010, I hope the Senate will be mindful of this tragedy in the gulf, which riveted the attention of the Na-tion, that seemed out of control for 3 months, and of which we will have the very infernal consequences for years to come. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). Will the Senator withhold his 
request? 
Mr. NELSON. Of course. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF GEORGE C. 
HANKS, JR., TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nation of George C. Hanks, Jr., of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there is 16 minutes of debate remaining on the nomina-tion. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, do I 
have 15 minutes? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
The Senator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, to-
night, the Senate will vote on the nom-ination of George Hanks to be a dis-trict judge for the Southern District of Texas. If confirmed, Judge Hanks will be the President’s 309th judicial nomi-nee confirmed since this President took office. By comparison, at the same point in his Presidency, President Bush had only 273 judicial nominees confirmed. 
Despite some of the complaints that 
we are hearing from my colleagues on the other side, we are moving judicial nominees at about the same pace as we did at this point in President Bush’s Presidency. One difference, of course, is how the Senate handled the judicial nominees that were reported out of the committee during the lameduck ses-sion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20AP6.016 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2264 April 20, 2015 
Historically, the Senate doesn’t con-
firm judges at the end of a Congress if those judges are reported out of com-mittee during a lameduck. The reason for this, of course, is so the newly elected Members have an opportunity for their voices to be heard. For in-stance, that is what happened in 2006 when the Senate returned 13 judicial 
nominees to the President. Those nominees were then renominated in 2007 and eventually confirmed in the new Congress, but the Senate Demo-crats did not follow tradition last year. Instead of following standard practice, Senate Democrats confirmed 11 judi-cial nominees who were reported out of committee during the lameduck ses-sion. Had they followed standard prac-tice, we would have voted on those nominees at the beginning of this year, just as the committee did with the nominees that were resubmitted in 2007. 
At the end of the day, when we in-
clude the 11 district court nominees who were confirmed at the end of last year, we are at about the same pace that the Democratically led Senate was in 2007 during the Bush adminis-tration. This is further confirmed when you compare the committee’s work this year to 2007. In 2007, at this point in the Congress, the committee had held three nominee hearings for a total of 10 judges. 
As of right now, the Judiciary Com-
mittee has already held 4 nomination hearings for a total of 10 nominees. These nominees include six judges and four executive nominees, including both the Attorney General and Deputy Attorney General nominees. 
The bottom line is the Senate Judici-
ary Committee is treating the Presi-dent’s nominees extremely fairly. He has had dozens more nominees con-firmed than President Bush did at this point in his Presidency. I expect an-other one will be confirmed tonight, and I congratulate Judge Hanks on his pending nomination and urge my col-leagues to vote accordingly. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, we 
will be voting to confirm Judge George Hanks, who has been nominated to be a Federal district judge in the Southern District of Texas. Judge Hanks is just the second judicial nominee that we have voted to confirm more than 3 months into the 114th Congress. The slow trickle of confirmations that the new majority has allowed is under-mining the functioning of our Federal courts and is hurting the American people. This past month, the Wall Street Journal wrote an alarming arti-cle about the backlog of civil cases in our Federal courts. One man inter-viewed for the article filed a Federal law suit in 2007 and is still waiting for his case to be heard. It is unconscion-able that an American would have to wait 8 years and still not have his day in court. Unfortunately, it is not sur-prising given that at last count, there were more than 330,000 civil cases pend-ing in our Federal courts. This is a record high and an increase of nearly 20 
percent since 2004. 
There are steps the Republican ma-
jority should take to help our Federal courts better serve the American peo-ple. First, the Senate should confirm every single one of the nine judicial nominees on the Executive Calendar without further delay. Besides Judge Hanks, there are two other Federal dis-trict court nominees pending on the Executive Calendar, both from States with two Republican home State Sen-ators. Both of those nominees were re-ported out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously by voice vote. One of the nominees will fill a judicial emergency vacancy in Texas that has remained 
unfilled for more than 2 years. This type of neglect is unacceptable. In ad-dition, there are five other nominees to the Court of Federal Claims and a nominee for the Court of International Trade. None of these nominees are con-troversial and they could easily be con-firmed by a simple voice vote if Repub-licans would allow. 
After today’s confirmation vote, 
there will be 53 vacancies on our Fed-eral courts. But even if we filled every one of these vacancies, we still would have to address the growing needs of our co-equal branch of government that is struggling with heavy case-loads. Last month, the Judicial Con-ference of the United States, led by Chief Justice John Roberts, identified the need for adding 73 permanent judgeships, as well as converting 9 tem-porary district court judgeships to per-manent status. The Senate should be working in a bipartisan manner to pro-vide the Federal Judiciary with the re-sources it needs, including the addition of woefully-needed additional judge-ships. 
The fact that today we are only vot-
ing on the second judicial nominee of this Congress shows that the delay and obstruction that we saw from Repub-licans in the first 6 years of the Obama administration has continued now that they control the Senate’s agenda. One simply needs to look at the nomination of Loretta Lynch to understand how Republicans approach our constitu-tional role of advice and consent. Ms. Lynch is an eminently qualified nomi-nee and enjoys broad support, yet her nomination has now been pending be-fore the full Senate for 53 days. That is more than twice as long as all of the past seven Attorneys General com-bined: Richard Thornburgh, 1 day; Wil-liam Barr, 5 days; Janet Reno, 1 day; John Ashcroft, 2 days, Alberto Gonzales, 8 days; Michael Mukasey, 2 days; and Eric Holder, 5 days. This delay is an embarrassment for the United States Senate. I agree with President Obama, who said last week that ‘‘there are times where the dys-function in the Senate just goes too far.’’ The obstruction of this historic nominee has gone on far too long. It is long past time for the Senate Repub-lican leader to allow Ms. Lynch a vote and allow the American people to be served by this outstanding public serv-
ant. 
The judicial nominee we are voting 
on today, Judge George Hanks, will fill a Federal district court vacancy in the Southern District of Texas. Since 2010, Judge Hanks has served as a U.S. Mag-istrate Judge for the U.S. District Court Judge for the Southern District of Texas. Prior to joining the Federal bench, Judge Hanks was a Court of Ap-peals Justice for the First District of Texas from 2002 to 2010, and a judge on the 157th Civil District Court of Texas from 2001 to 2002. Before becoming a judge, he was in private practice for nearly a decade. The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated him ‘‘Well Quali-fied,’’ its highest rating. Judge Hanks is supported by his two Republican home State Senators and his nomina-tion was unanimously approved by voice vote by the Judiciary Committee on February 26. He has strong quali-fications and should be confirmed with-out further delay. 
I urge the Republican Leader to 
schedule votes to confirm the remain-ing judicial nominees pending on the Executive Calendar. None of the nomi-nees are controversial. We should do our jobs and vote on their nominations so that they can start doing their jobs working for the American people. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Under the previous order, the ques-
tion is, Will the Senate advise and con-sent to the nomination of George C. Hanks, Jr., of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas? 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the 
Senator from Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ), the 
Senator from Indiana (Mr. C OATS ), the 
Senator from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the 
Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-
HAM), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. 
MURKOWSKI ), the Senator from Florida 
(Mr. R UBIO), the Senator from Alaska 
(Mr. S ULLIVAN ), and the Senator from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. T OOMEY ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20AP6.019 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2265 April 20, 2015 
The result was announced—yeas 91, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 155 Ex.] 
YEAS—91 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken 
Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murphy Murray Nelson 
Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—9 
Alexander 
Blunt Coats Cruz 
Graham Murkowski Rubio 
Sullivan Toomey 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
The Senator from Wyoming. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Rhode Island. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE PROVI-
DENCE COLLEGE MEN’S ICE HOCKEY TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2015 NCAA DIVISION I NA-TIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I stand 
with great pleasure and pride, along with Senator W
HITEHOUSE , to congratu-
late the Providence College men’s hockey team in winning the 2015 NCAA Division I National Championship, and I am pleased to have worked with my colleague Senator W
HITEHOUSE in 
adopting a resolution last week to honor this great accomplishment. 
This is the first national champion-
ship in the history of PC’s men’s hock-ey club, and I am sure this season will 
be long remembered by Providence Col-lege players, coaches, staff, and fans. 
The championship game featured 
phenomenal plays and contributions from many Friars players, including a career-high 49 saves by goaltender Jon Gillies, and one goal each from An-thony Florentino, Mark Jankowski, Tom Parisi, and Brandon Tanev. 
I would like to congratulate all of 
the Friars players whose season-long hard work and dedication made this successful season possible. The 2015 PC men’s hockey team consisted of: Rhode Island’s own Noel Acciari, Mark Adams, Brooks Behling, Alex Crom-well, Logan Day, Stefan Demopoulos, Nick Ellis, Anthony Florentino, Jon Gillies, John Gilmour, Robbie Hennessey, Mark Jankowski, Brendan Leahy, Shane Luke, Conor MacPhee, Ross Mauermann, Kyle McKenzie, Ste-ven McParland, Trevor Mingoia, Josh Monk, Tom Perisi, Brian Pinho, Tru-man Reed, Kevin Rooney, Niko Rufo, Nick Saracino, Brandon Tanev, and Jake Walman. I will apologize for my Rhode Island accent. 
I would also like to extend my best 
wishes to PC player Drew Brown, who missed this season while battling a rare form of bone cancer and is thank-fully now reported to be cancer-free. But he contributed in many ways to the success of the team. 
Additionally, I want to recognize the 
coaches and staff whose commitment and preparation was essential to win-ning this national championship, espe-cially head coach Nate Leaman, who won the championship in only his fourth season at PC. The other coaches and staff of the 2015 PC men’s hockey team were: associate head coach Steve Miller, assistant coach Kris Mayotte, coordinator of Men’s Hockey oper-ations Kyle Murphy, and goaltending coach Jim McNiff. 
I also commend Providence College 
President Father Brian Shanley and athletic director Robert Driscoll on their accomplishments and extraor-dinary dedication to the school and to the community of Rhode Island. 
Again, I join many in the State of 
Rhode Island and around the hockey world in congratulating the Providence College men’s ice hockey team on their incredible national championship sea-son and wish them continued success in the future. 
I am proud to yield the floor to my 
colleague Senator W
HITEHOUSE . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
am very pleased and also very proud to follow the senior Senator and my col-league and to join Senator R
EED in 
congratulating our Providence College men’s ice hockey team on winning its first-ever national championship. The Friars edged out Boston University 4 to 3 a week ago Saturday night in PC’s first trip to the Frozen Four in 30 years. The BU-PC event was a southern New England showdown that brought more than 18,000 hockey fans to Bos-
ton’s TD Garden. Playing so close to home, PC had plenty of support from the stands. They also had a little bit of good luck, but it was more than luck that put Providence College over the top. 
Those kids played their hearts out, 
and forward Brandon Tanev’s go-ahead score in the third period to seal the win was no fluke. The Friars earned that victory, and Rhode Islanders couldn’t be more proud of them. 
Head coach Nate Leaman said that 
when it gets to be that late in the sea-son and when there is that kind of championship pressure, ‘‘You win,’’ he said, ‘‘with guys that are gritty. . . . ’’ 
Well, Senator R
EEDand I are excited 
to join Providence College president Father Brian Shanley and the entire PC community in celebrating this his-toric win. Congratulations to Coach Leaman and his staff, to goalie Jon Gillies, who was named Frozen Four Most Outstanding Player, and to all the PC players who fought so hard all season to this wonderful result. 
As junior forward Noel Acciari, a na-
tive of Johnston, RI, put it, ‘‘We might be a small State, but we’re hard work-ers.’’ 
Well done, Friars. You are, indeed, 
hard workers and your hard work paid off. 
I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
INSPECTORS GENERAL 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, the 
ability of Congress to be a check on the actions of the executive branch is being endangered. One of the tools that we in Congress have created to help the gov-ernment identify and correct its mis-takes is being obstructed. That tool is the vital work of inspectors general. 
Inspectors general work in nearly 80 
Federal agencies. They perform audits, conduct investigations, and issue pub-lic reports of their findings and rec-ommendations. They combat waste, fraud, and abuse. Their work is being frustrated, and that is why I am here. To keep an eye on what is happening inside a government agency, the in-spector general must be able to access the agency’s records. This is exactly what the law calls for. 
The Inspector General Act of 1978 di-
rects that all inspectors general have a right to access all records, documents, and other materials. ‘‘All’’ is not the same as ‘‘some.’’ If the inspector gen-eral deems a document necessary to do his job, then the agency should turn it over immediately—immediately. But 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20AP6.001 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2266 April 20, 2015 
the clear command of that law is being 
ignored far too often. 
Agencies partially comply or refuse 
to turn over materials after a lengthy review and screening process by law-yers for the agency. That is a step not included in the IG law. The examples range from the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to the FBI, and can you believe it, even to the Peace Corps. 
The excuses vary, but the pattern is 
very clear. For example, the Depart-ment of Justice Office of Inspector General is reviewing the Department’s use of the material witness statute. That statute authorizes detaining cer-tain witnesses for testimony before a grand jury. 
The inspector general was looking 
into allegations that the civil rights and the civil liberties of certain mate-rial witnesses may have been abused. This is just the kind of issue that Con-gress relies on inspectors general to in-vestigate. If the problems are found, the inspector general helps our govern-ment identify the problem and helps Department leadership fix these prob-lems. 
Naturally, the inspector general 
needed to review the grand jury testi-mony to decide if the value of that tes-timony was reasonable, given the bur-den imposed on the witnesses. Three U.S. attorneys offices and the Depart-ment’s National Security Division pro-vided the inspector general with the grand jury information concerning ma-terial witnesses, but the FBI refused to cooperate. The FBI claimed the grand jury testimony could not be shared with the inspector general. 
This FBI decision to withhold infor-
mation was a brandnew practice, begin-ning sometime in 2010. The law was not changed in 2010 so the FBI could do it. The FBI claimed it had the right to refuse to provide the inspector general information in over a dozen other cat-egories as well. 
Remember, the law says the inspec-
tor general shall have access to all— not some—records, documents, and other materials that they deem nec-essary to conduct their investigations. Yet the FBI says its attorneys will re-view material first and then decide what it would and would not release to the inspector general. 
It even gets worse. The FBI claimed 
it needed the approval of the Attorney General or the Deputy Attorney Gen-eral to provide the information to the inspector general. This is exactly up-side down. Under the law, an inspector general must be independent. Agencies 
cannot be trusted to investigate them-selves. If an inspector general had to ask for permission from senior leader-ship, he would not be truly inde-pendent. 
The Inspector General Act of 1978 
does allow the Attorney General, not the FBI, to prohibit the inspector gen-eral from carrying out or completing an investigation but only in certain limited circumstances. 
When that extraordinary step is 
taken, it must be done in writing to the inspector general, and the inspec-
tor general must forward that written notice to the Congress. The FBI would have us believe that instead of written notice being required to block an IG in-vestigation, it needs written permis-sion to comply with an investigation. This is simply not how the law is de-signed to work. 
After this controversy took place, 
Congress took action. We essentially bolded and underlined the provision in the Inspector General Act that ensures access to documents. We didn’t lit-erally do that, but this year’s Justice Department appropriation declares that no funds shall be used to deny the inspector general timely access to all records. 
The new law also directed the inspec-
tor general to report to Congress with-in 5 days whenever there was a failure to comply with this requirement. Since February of this year, we have already received four of those reports that the FBI is still refusing to comply, regard-less of the actions Congress took on the appropriations bill last year. 
One notice said the FBI was with-
holding evidence in two whistleblower cases. I have written to the FBI twice about these notices and just received a reply from the FBI Wednesday. Unfor-tunately, the FBI ignores most of the questions I asked and simply reasserts their original position. 
That tells me the FBI thinks they 
are above the law. It has an obligation to comply not only with the Inspector General Act but also with restrictions Congress placed on its appropriations. That means FBI employees cannot le-gally be spending their time with-holding and reviewing documents be-fore providing those same documents to the inspector general. We must stay vigilant and we must insist all govern-ment agencies, including the FBI, work with the inspectors general, not against them. 
I applaud my colleagues on the Ap-
propriations Committee for standing up for inspectors general. I also urge them to follow through and help make sure the funding restrictions they put in place are obeyed. 
As I noted earlier, the problem is not 
confined to the FBI or to the Depart-ment of Justice, similar attempts to limit the work of an inspector general have occurred at the EPA and the Peace Corps. Just last year, 47 inspec-tors general signed a letter to the Con-gress warning of these problems across government. We all lose when inspec-tors general are delayed or prevented in doing their work. In every agency where IG’s work, they help agency 
management become aware of prob-lems and opportunities to improve gov-ernment service. We must support the work of inspectors general and remind government agencies that blocking their investigations is not acceptable. COMPREHENSIVE JUSTICE AND 
MENTAL HEALTH ACT 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I am 
proud to be an original cosponsor of legislation offered by Senators C
ORNYN  
and F RANKEN , the Comprehensive Jus-
tice and Mental Health Act. This crit-ical piece of bipartisan legislation would promote alternatives to incar-ceration by helping identify and treat Americans suffering from mental ill-ness. For far too long our criminal jus-tice system has been a substitute for a mental health system. That practice is costly, wastes limited resources, and is contrary to evidence-based practices proven to make our communities safer. I thank Senators C
ORNYN and F RANKEN  
for their hard work on this important criminal justice reform bill. 
Today, law enforcement is ill- 
equipped and not properly trained to deal with individuals suffering from se-vere mental disorders whose conditions can cause them to commit crimes. The mentally ill are too often treated as 
common criminals and are not given access to the critical treatment they need. 
The Comprehensive Justice and Men-
tal Health Act would save taxpayers’ money and effectively use limited re-sources by ensuring our prisons con-tain violent offenders as opposed to those who suffer from mental illnesses. When more than four of five inmates with a mental illness are not treated in jail, we waste resources by incarcer-ating them. This bill would make the public safer and save taxpayers’ money by ensuring that we continue to sup-port vital programs, such as mental health courts, veterans’ courts, and crisis intervention teams. 
The bill would also improve public 
safety. Persons with complicated psy-chiatric problems that are thrown in jail can have their mental state dete-riorate even further. If incarcerated without treatment, some mental ill-nesses can lead people to be a danger to the public once released. But with proper treatment, they can lead ordi-nary, law-abiding lives even absent in-carceration. 
The bill would help to reduce jail 
overcrowding caused by warehousing people for low-level crimes, which often includes the mentally ill. For ex-ample, from 2009 to 2013 in New York City, about 400 people were sent to jail on at least 18 occasions each. That amounts to more than 10,000 jail admis-sions and 300,000 days in jail. In Chi-cago, from 2007 to 2011, 21 percent of the people sent to jails accounted for 50 percent of jail admissions. Because a significant number of people in jail are mentally ill, reducing recidivism for this population is critical. By sup-porting state and local efforts to iden-tify and direct them to the appropriate mental health services, this bill would reduce recidivism and, in turn, help re-duce jail over-crowding. 
The bill would also encourage the de-
velopment of curricula on mental health conditions for police academies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20AP6.018 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2267 April 20, 2015 
and orientations. Finally, the legisla-
tion would include new grant account-ability measures and emphasize the implantation of evidence-based prac-tices. 
It is time we address mental illness 
in our country through treatment, not incarceration. Passing this common- sense bill would reduce recidivism, save taxpayer money, and make our communities safer. That is why I sup-port this bill and I urge its speedy pas-sage. 
f 
REMEMBERING ROBERT GRIFFIN 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, 
today I pay tribute to a towering figure from Michigan’s political past: former Senator Robert Griffin, who died Fri-day at the age of 91. 
Senator Griffin was born in Detroit 
and was educated in the Wayne County Public Schools. By the time he grad-uated high school, the United States was embroiled in World War II. And in 1943—a year when so many American families came to fully comprehend the horrors of modern warfare—young Bob Griffin enlisted in the U.S. Army, join-ing the 71st Infantry Division. 
For 3 years, Bob Griffin served our 
country in a time of war unmatched in its intensity, including 14 months fighting Nazis in Europe. After return-ing from war, like so many of our sur-viving soldiers, he turned his attention to his education, attending Central Michigan University, then getting his law degree at the University of Michi-gan. 
Bob Griffin decided to begin his legal 
career in Traverse City. 
After practicing law for several 
years, Bob Griffin felt compelled to practice public service, so in 1956 he ran and won office to the U.S. House of Representatives. He distinguished him-self in Congress over the next decade, and following the death of Michigan Senator Patrick McNamara, then-Gov-ernor George Romney appointed Bob Griffin to finish the 7 months remain-ing in McNamara’s term. 
It did not take Senator Griffin long 
to earn the support of Michigan voters: They elected him to a full 6-year term that fall of 1966. Senator Griffin served the people of Michigan loyally for the next 12 years. 
He authored major pieces of legisla-
tion during his career in this Chamber, and he was a member of the Republican leadership from 1969 to 1977. But he is being remembered most for the role he played in helping our Nation overcome the shock of the Watergate scandal. 
In August 1974, as that scandal wors-
ened, it became clear that President Nixon was in danger of being im-peached. The impeachment process would be an embarrassing spectacle, not just for President Nixon, but for the institution of the President and for our Nation’s political system. 
Senator Griffin was a close friend of 
President Nixon, but it was the Sen-ator’s devotion to the country that led him to write a letter strongly sug-
gesting that the President resign and spare the Nation from having to endure impeachment. That letter is said to have played a major role in Nixon’s de-cision to finally step aside. 
At a time when our Nation’s political 
system was teetering, it was Senator Griffin who helped it to recover its bal-ance by doing what was best for the country. 
That is the mark of true leadership. 
Even those who disagreed with Senator Griffin’s policies never found fault with his integrity or his character. 
Although Senator Griffin left office 
in 1979, he still had a desire to serve the people of Michigan, and for 8 years he applied his wisdom and judgment on Michigan’s Supreme Court, retiring in 1994. Today the Grand Traverse County courthouse bears his name. 
Senator Griffin’s devotion to our 
State was rivaled only by the devotion he had for his wife, Marjorie, with whom he spent nearly 68 years, and their four children: Paul, Richard, James, and Jill. The couple has 13 grandchildren and 7 great-grand-children. 
Senator Griffin’s loss will be felt not 
only by his loving family, but in his home of Traverse City and in every corner of the State he served during his career. Senator Griffin will be remem-bered for his leadership, his fierce in-tegrity, and his unwavering allegiance to the State of Michigan and the United States of America. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MICHAEL G. 
VICKERS 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize the tremendous contribu-tions of Dr. Michael G. Vickers, the Under Secretary of Defense for Intel-ligence. Secretary Vickers is retiring this month from the Federal Govern-ment having served with distinction in two critical leadership positions in the Department of Defense: Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Special Oper-ations/Low-Intensity Conflict and Interdependent Capabilities, ASD SO/ LIC&IC, from 2007 to 2011, and Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, USD(I), since 2011. His dedicated serv-ice has spanned the administrations of both President George W. Bush and President Barack Obama. Moreover, he has helped shape national security for three decades. 
Secretary Vickers is the Depart-
ment’s longest serving USD(I). During his tenure he has led a comprehensive, 
mission-focused transformation of de-fense intelligence, and has provided policy and operational oversight for numerous sensitive intelligence and counterterrorism operations. He played a critical policy and planning role in the operation that brought justice to Osama bin Ladin. Of note, we are only days away from the fourth anniversary of that successful operation, which oc-curred on May 2, 2011. 
As ASD SO/LIC&IC, Secretary Vick-
ers served as the ‘‘Service’’ Secretary for all Special Operations Forces, and 
as the senior civilian advisor to the Secretary of Defense on all counterter-rorism, irregular warfare, and special activities. He played a central role in shaping U.S. strategy for the war with Al Qaeda and the war in Afghanistan, and conceived of and led the largest ex-pansion of SOF capabilities and capac-ity in history. 
From 1973 to 1986, Secretary Vickers 
served as an Army Special Forces non-commissioned officer, Special Forces officer, and Central Intelligence Agen-cy operations officer. He had oper-ational and combat experience in Cen-tral America and the Caribbean, the Middle East, and Central and South Asia. His operational experience spans covert action and espionage, unconven-tional warfare, counterterrorism, coun-terinsurgency, and foreign internal de-fense. During the mid-1980s, Secretary Vickers was the principal strategist for the largest covert action program in the CIA’s history: the paramilitary op-eration that drove the Soviet Army out of Afghanistan. 
Because of Dr. Vickers’ selfless serv-
ice, hard work and tireless dedication, our Nation is a safer place. I want to thank him for his service and wish him and his family all the best as he begins his next adventure. 
f 
REMEMBERING BETH THOMASSON 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize the life and achievements of Beth Thomasson following her pass-ing last month. Beth was a dear friend and a tireless advocate of housing and homeownership in her position as exec-utive officer at the Home Builders As-sociation of West Virginia. Beth’s com-mitment to her work, her community, and her family embodied the values that we as West Virginian’s hold dear. 
A graduate of Texas A&M, Beth was 
a ‘‘Kelly Girl’’ when she started at the Home Builders Association in 1978. In just ten years, Beth became executive officer and during this time the organi-zation experienced a period of excep-tional growth. A prodigious advocate for her cause, Beth also advanced ini-tiatives of the Home Builder’s Associa-tion at the statehouse on issues relat-ing to business development, homeown-ership, and consumer education. Her strong work ethic was recognized nu-merous times when she received the HBA Eastern Panhandle’s Appreciation Award, the HBAWV Meritorious Serv-ice Award, and the HBAWV Presi-dential Award. 
In addition to her role at the Home-
builders Association, Beth also served in various capacities at the West Vir-ginia Business & Industry Council, the West Virginia Chamber of Commerce, the West Virginia Housing Policy Framework, and the West Virginia Housing Trust. Above all, Beth was a devoted wife and mother of 4 daugh-ters, as well as a grandmother of 10. 
Beth was relentless in her dedication 
to serving her community and her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20AP6.010 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2268 April 20, 2015 
State. Those who were lucky enough to 
have called her their friend can attest to this fact. Her ethos is best described in her favorite saying: 
You can be a part of the problem or a part 
of the solution. By doing nothing, you are choosing to be a part of the problem. 
I am proud to honor my friend Beth, 
and I encourage my colleagues to join me in celebrating her memory. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING MICHAEL JOHNSON 
∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, today I 
ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Officer Michael Johnson, a 14-year veteran of the San Jose Police Department who was tragically killed in the line of duty while responding to a call for help on March 24, 2015. 
Michael Johnson was born in 
Herlong, CA, where his father served as a military police officer before becom-ing a deputy for the Calaveras County Sheriff’s Department. After moving to San Jose as a teenager, Officer Johnson graduated from Gunderson High School in 1995 and joined the San Jose Police Department in 2001, continuing his family’s commitment to law enforce-ment. 
Those who knew Officer Johnson 
fondly remember him as a caring and trustworthy colleague who was pas-sionate about his work and loved the community he served. An experienced patrol officer, he was recently pro-moted to serve as a field training offi-cer and advise new members of the po-lice force. Outside of work, Officer Johnson found joy in hobbies ranging from jujitsu and baking to scuba diving and world travel. He was also an out-standing marksman, winning several awards from the Police and Fire Games. 
Above all else, Office Johnson is re-
membered as a loving husband and de-voted family man. In 2013, he married the love of his life, Nicole, and they planned to celebrate their marriage this summer with a large formal cere-mony in Santa Cruz before starting a family. My heart goes out to Nicole and Officer Johnson’s parents Daniel Johnson and Katherine Decker, his step-parents Dann Decker and Penny Johnson, his sister Jamie Radack, his brother-in-law Steve, and his niece Ami and nephew Eli. 
Officer Johnson’s dedicated and cou-
rageous service will not be forgotten. On behalf of the people of California and San Jose, whom he served so bravely, I extend my gratitude and deepest sympathies to his family, friends, and colleagues. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING GALENA HIGH 
SCHOOL 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Galena High School on its team of students selected as a national winner in the Samsung Solve for Tomorrow contest. The high 
school competition was judged based upon how well teams applied science, technology, engineering, and math, STEM, in helping the local commu-
nity. Seventeen students competed on the core team; however, 85 students from Galena High School contributed to 21 projects that continue to develop as a result of the contest. The team competed with 3,100 other applicants, winning a total of $138,000 for its achievement in being selected as a na-tional winner. This money will be used to purchase new technology for the high school, a contribution that will help future students for years to come. 
Galena High School students chose to 
address difficulties faced by fellow peers with disabilities. Specifically, they worked alongside two students with disabilities to bring firsthand ex-perience and realistic application to the project. The students utilized their STEM knowledge to create innovative equipment capable of adapting to dif-ficult scenarios relating to those with disabilities and motor skill restric-tions. The students spent hours re-searching current technology and worked tirelessly, brainstorming and creating solutions to different sce-narios and ultimately chose two suc-cessful projects. The first, a tool to help special-needs students with typ-ing, and the second, a portable table space making it easier for students with disabilities to carry lunch. These are only 2 of 21 projects that continue to develop and will be distributed to the local community. The students are shining examples of how compassion and hard work can make a difference in the lives of others and stand as role models for future Galena Grizzlies. 
I am excited to see local students 
bringing recognition to both Nevada and to Galena High School for their ad-vancement in a national competition. These students should be proud to call themselves top contenders in a com-petitive environment. I ask my col-leagues to join me and all Nevadans in congratulating Galena High School for its success and honorable representa-tion of Nevada. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIE CARL MARTIN 
∑Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I wish 
to pay tribute to Coach Willie Carl Martin of the University of Alabama. After 42 years of coaching football in the Alabama public school system and at the University of Alabama, Coach Willie Carl Martin is retiring. During his high school playing days, he was such an outstanding athlete that the late Coach Paul ‘‘Bear’’ Bryant offered him a full scholarship to Alabama. He was the first African-American to be offered an athletic scholarship to the university. He declined the offer and went to college at Northeastern State University, where he was a second team All-American. He then played professional football in Canada for 6 years. He returned to his hometown, Alexander City, AL; where he began his 
coaching career as an assistant coach, and then as head football coach at Ben-jamin Russell High School. In 2001, he led Benjamin Russell High School to their first and only State Champion-ship. After 25 years of a truly out-standing and impressive career in high school coaching, Coach Martin was hired as an assistant coach and for player development by Alabama’s new coach, Nick Saban, in 2007. During his 8 years at Alabama, he had an instru-mental part in Alabama winning three SEC championships and three national championships. 
Willie Carl has demonstrated excep-
tional academic and professional ca-reers both in teaching and coaching young students. He is a loyal, dedi-cated individual who has always had time for his students and players. He is generous with his time with others, re-gardless of their station in life. He is fortunate enough to have a wife, Les-lie, as well as two lovely daughters and grandchildren, who have stood by him in all of his endeavors. I know they, along with his other numerous friends and family, will join me in proclaiming May 12, 2015, as Willie Carl Martin Day in Alexander City, AL. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING HUNTSVILLE 
UTILITIES 75TH ANNIVERSARY 
∑Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I wish 
to commemorate the 75th anniversary of Huntsville Utilities, a public utility located in Huntsville, AL. Huntsville Utilities is owned by the city of Hunts-ville and provides water, gas, and elec-tricity to Madison County and parts of Marshall County. 
Huntsville Utilities serves a total of 
49,786 gas customers, 90,665 water cus-tomers, and 174,959 electric customers. In total, Huntsville Utilities meets the utility needs of more than 300,000 cus-tomers in North Alabama. Moreover, Huntsville Utilities has more than 600 employees throughout the service area. 
Water, gas, and electricity are of 
vital importance to families and busi-nesses in our communities. I am hon-ored to commemorate Huntsville Utili-ties for 75 years of providing this im-portant service to the Huntsville area. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20AP6.008 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2269 April 20, 2015 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:11 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 622. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the deduction of State and local general sales taxes. 
H.R. 1105. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276d and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Mem-ber on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives to the Canada-United States Interparliamentary Group: Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan, Chairman. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 2702, the Clerk of the House reappoints the following member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Advisory Com-mittee on the Records of Congress: Dr. Sharon Leon of Fairfax, VA. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bills were read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 984. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare ben-eficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices. 
H.R. 636. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 644. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for con-tributions of food inventory. 
H.R. 1295. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the process for making determinations with respect to whether organizations are exempt from tax-ation under section 501(c)(4) of such Code. 
H.R. 1314. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1285. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the National Agriculture and Food Defense Strategy (NAFDS)’’; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1286. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Judith A. Fedder, United States Air Force, and her ad-
vancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1287. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of General Janet C. Wolfenbarger, United States Air Force, and her advancement to the grade of general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1288. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), Department of Defense, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1289. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Deputy Chief Man-agement Officer, Department of Defense, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1290. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1291. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Syrian Sanctions Regulations’’ (31 CFR Part 542) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1292. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1293. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron Inc. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0365)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1294. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Trawl Catcher Vessels in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XD823) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1295. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XD799) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 10, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1296. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; New Mexico; Transpor-tation Conformity and Conformity of Gen-eral Federal Actions’’ (FRL No. 9925–86–Re-gion 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1297. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Truckee Meadows project on the Truckee River in Washoe County, Nevada, for the purposes of flood risk management and recreation; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–1298. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Expatriate Health Plans Under the ACA Section 9010’’ (Notice 2015–29) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 1, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1299. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ments to Excepted Benefits’’ ((RIN0938–AS52) (CMS–9946-F2)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 31, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1300. A communication from the Dep-
uty Commissioner for Human Resources, So-cial Security Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administration’s fiscal year 2014 annual report relative to the Noti-fication and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1301. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel and Senior Policy Advisor, Of-fice of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Intellectual Property En-forcement Coordinator, Office of Manage-ment and Budget, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1302. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense (Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the re-port on activities of the National Guard Counterdrug Schools; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1303. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report on the De-partment’s activities during calendar year 2014 relative to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1304. A communication from the Sec-
retary, Judicial Conference of the United States, transmitting, a report of proposed 
legislation entitled ‘‘Criminal Judicial Pro-cedure, Administration, and Technical Amendments Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1305. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Department’s activities under the Civil Rights of Institutionalized Persons Act dur-ing fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20AP6.010 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2270 April 20, 2015 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–11. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of Nevada urging the United States Congress to facilitate the payment of contractors who completed haz-ardous fuels treatment projects in the Lake Tahoe Basin pursuant to contracts with the Nevada Fire Safe Council; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
A
SSEMBLY JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 3 
Whereas, In 1999, Northern Nevada experi-
enced one of the worst wildfire years on record, with more than 1.6 million acres burned and significant economic and envi-ronmental impacts; and 
Whereas, In the spring of 1999, a resolution 
was approved at Nevada’s first comprehen-sive fire conference, known as the ‘‘Living With Fire Forum,’’ which urged the estab-lishment of a statewide council to provide support to make homes, neighborhoods and communities in Nevada safe from fire; and 
Whereas, The Nevada Fire Safe Council 
was formed as a domestic nonprofit corpora-tion on December 10, 1999, and received ap-propriations from the Nevada Legislature in 2005 and 2007 to administer a community- based wildfire threat reduction program; and 
Whereas, By March 2007, the Council had 
grown to include 60 affiliated chapters and 3,515 members; and 
Whereas, The Angora Fire in the summer 
of 2007 burned more than 250 structures on private property and more than 3,000 acres in the Lake Tahoe Basin, and further amplified the existing need for mitigation work to re-duce the threat of wildfire in communities; and 
Whereas, Between 2008 and 2012, the Coun-
cil was awarded over $21 million in federal reimbursement grants to be used to pay pub-lic and private entities for the completion of hazardous fuels treatment projects; and 
Whereas, In July 2011, the Office of Inspec-
tor General of the United States Department of Agriculture initiated an audit of the Council’s records after receiving a complaint on its hotline alleging that the Council was awarding certain contracts in a noncompeti-tive manner; and 
Whereas, The audit report issued by the In-
spector General in January 2012 indicated various accounting irregularities in the Council’s administration of the federal reim-bursement grant money and resulted in the freezing of reimbursement payments of that grant money for completed projects until the accounting deficiencies were corrected; and 
Whereas, In November 2012, the Council 
filed for bankruptcy and ceased operations; and 
Whereas, As a result of the freezing of re-
imbursement payments and the Council’s bankruptcy, various public and private enti-ties that had completed hazardous fuels treatment projects in the Lake Tahoe Basin pursuant to agreements with the Council have not been paid for their services, which has caused significant economic hardship to those entities; and 
Whereas, On March 20, 2014, California As-
semblyman Brian Dahle and his staff were joined by staff from the offices of United States Representatives Doug LaMalfa and Tom McClintock to share their concerns about the outstanding debts of the Council and to explore solutions with Nevada’s Leg-islative Committee for the Review and Over-sight of the Tahoe Regional Planning Agen-cy and the Marlette Lake Water System: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Assembly and Senate of the 
State of Nevada, Jointly, That the members of the 78th Session of the Nevada Legislature 
hereby urge Congress to facilitate the pay-ment of contractors who completed haz-ardous fuels treatment projects in the Lake Tahoe Basin pursuant to contracts with the Nevada Fire Safe Council and be it further 
Resolved, That the Chief Clerk of the As-
sembly prepare and transmit a copy of this resolution to the Attorney General of the United States, the Chief of the United States Forest Service, the Director of the Bureau of Land Management, the Vice President of the United States as the presiding officer of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives and each member of the Nevada Congressional Delegation; and be it further 
Resolved, That this resolution becomes ef-
fective upon passage. 
POM–12. A concurrent memorial adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to provide full long-term funding for the Payment in Lieu of Taxes program and to reauthorize Secure Rural Schools and Community Self- Determination Act funding; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1010 
Whereas, the State of Arizona is composed 
of 113,417 square miles of land, of which 17% is managed by the Bureau of Land Manage-ment 15% is managed by the United States Forest Service, 2% is managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, 4% is man-aged by the National Park Service, 4% is military land and 28% is tribal land. Thus, much of the land in Arizona is unavailable for economic development and is not part of the property tax base; and 
Whereas, counties are required to provide 
law enforcement, search and rescue, emer-gency services, road building and mainte-nance, and other community services on, or associated with, tax-exempt federally man-aged public lands; and 
Whereas, the Payment in Lieu of Taxes 
(PILT) program was established in 1976 to offset costs incurred by counties for services provided to the federal government and to the users of federally managed lands located within a county; and 
Whereas, the national average PILT pay-
ment in fiscal year 2014 was $0.72 per acre, which is far below the amount that federally managed lands would return through both value-based taxation and economic develop-ment; and 
Whereas, Congress has been unable to pass 
a long-term funding solution for the PILT program since 2008 and has instead passed last-minute one-year extensions, causing great uncertainty about county finances and services as well as rural school funding; and 
Whereas, funding for fiscal year 2015 PILT 
was included in the Consolidated and Fur-ther Continuing Appropriations Act and the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act, total-ing $442 million, but the fate of fiscal year 2016 and future years is still unknown; and 
Whereas, a lack of certainty for PILT fund-
ing places the large, unsustainable burden of providing services on federally managed lands squarely on the backs of local county taxpayers, while the presence of that feder-ally managed land creates barriers to eco-nomic opportunities; and 
Whereas, rural communities and schools in 
and around national forests have historically relied on a share of receipts from timber har-vests to support education services and roads; and 
Whereas, in the 1980s, federal restrictions 
substantially diminished the revenue-gener-ating timber harvests permitted in these for-ests; and Whereas, the Secure Rural Schools and 
Community Self-Determination Act (SRS) was passed in 2000 to stabilize and transition payments to counties and schools away from the declining and unreliable share of timber sales; and 
Whereas, the failure of Congress to honor 
the more than 100-year-old contract between the federal government and heavily forested communities by not reauthorizing SRS fund-ing for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 will create budgetary shortfalls for rural counties and school districts; and 
Whereas, failure to immediately secure 
SRS funding for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 and PILT funding for fiscal year 2016 and into the future for Arizona counties will critically impact the local budget process and struc-tural solvency of counties and the public school systems and will substantially com-promise their ability to provide essential services, such as health, safety and welfare; and 
Whereas, the federal government has the 
duty to reimburse local jurisdictions for the presence of federally managed public lands in a reliable and consistent manner. 
Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of 
the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 
1. That the United States Congress provide 
full long-term funding for the PILT program to help create financial stability within Ari-zona’s counties. 
2. That the United States Congress imme-
diately reauthorize SRS funding for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 and work toward a long- term solution. 
3. That the United States Congress work 
with the State of Arizona and county gov-ernments to identify and implement policies to promote economic development on, or as-sociated with, federally managed lands. 
4. That the Secretary of State of the State 
of Arizona transmit a copy of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–13. A concurrent memorial adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to enact legislation exempting United States military bases from the regulations and restrictions of the Endangered Species Act; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1009 
Whereas, the mission of the United States 
Department of Defense is ‘‘to provide the military forces needed to deter war and to protect the security of our country’’; and 
Whereas, according to the Department of 
Defense and the Government Accountability Office (GAO), a fundamental principle of military readiness is that the military must train as it intends to fight; and 
Whereas, the Department of Defense has 
established military training facilities in Ar-izona, including Fort Huachuca, Davis- Monthan Air Force Base, Luke Air Force Base and the Barry M. Goldwater range, among others, to accomplish this goal; and 
Whereas, Department of Defense officials 
indicate that heightened focus on the appli-cation of environmental statutes has af-fected the use of its training areas; and 
Whereas, compliance with environmental 
regulations, especially the Endangered Spe-cies Act (ESA), has caused some training ac-tivities to be canceled, postponed or modi-fied; and 
Whereas, compliance with environmental 
regulations, particularly the ESA, has forced military officials to make adjustments to training regimens, including requiring units 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20AP6.011 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2271 April 20, 2015 
in training to avoid areas with ESA restric-
tions; and 
Whereas, since 2003, the Department of De-
fense has obtained exemptions from three environmental laws and sought exemptions from three others; and 
Whereas, these exemptions allow the mili-
tary to maintain its high state of readiness and help to ensure its ability to meet unex-pected threats; and 
Whereas, these exemptions are under in-
creased scrutiny by environmental groups and federal officials who would rather pro-tect wildlife than allow the military to maintain its readiness; and 
Whereas, a GAO report found no instances 
in which the Department of Defense’s use of exemptions from the ESA or the Migratory Bird Treaty Act has adversely affected the environment; and 
Whereas, the United States military has 
proven itself to be a responsible and effective steward of the land and environment. 
Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of 
the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 
1. That the United States Congress enact 
legislation exempting United States military bases and training facilities from the regula-tions and restrictions of the Endangered Spe-cies Act. 
2. That the Secretary of State of the State 
of Arizona transmit a copy of this Memorial to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Con-gress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–14. A concurrent memorial adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to enact the 21st Century Endangered Species Trans-parency Act; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1012 
Whereas, when the Endangered Species Act 
(ESA) was originally enacted in 1973, the framers and supporters of the ESA envi-sioned a law that would protect species be-lieved to be on the brink of extinction; and 
Whereas, at that time, 109 species were 
listed for protection; and 
Whereas, today, over 1,500 species in the 
United States are designated as threatened or endangered under the ESA; and 
Whereas, as a result of a 2011 mega-settle-
ment between the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and environmental litigants, hundreds more species could be added within the next two years; and 
Whereas, the ESA is failing to achieve its 
primary purpose of species recovery as it has only a 2% recovery rate; and 
Whereas, the ESA was last amended in 
1988, which means 27 years have passed since any improvements have been made; and 
Whereas, the 21st Century Endangered Spe-
cies Transparency Act would require that data used by federal agencies for ESA listing decisions be made publicly available and ac-cessible through the Internet, while respect-ing state data privacy laws and private prop-erty; and 
Whereas, the 21st Century Endangered Spe-
cies Transparency Act would require the fed-eral government to disclose to affected states data used prior to an ESA listing deci-sion and require the ‘‘best available sci-entific and commercial data’’ used by the federal government to incorporate data pro-vided by states, tribes and local county gov-ernments; and 
Whereas, the 21st Century Endangered Spe-
cies Transparency Act would require the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to track, report to Congress and make available online the federal taxpayer funds used to re-spond to ESA lawsuits, the number of em-
ployees dedicated to ESA litigation and the amount of attorney fees awarded in the course of ESA litigation and settlement agreements; and 
Whereas, the 21st Century Endangered Spe-
cies Transparency Act would prioritize spe-cies protection and protect taxpayer dollars by placing reasonable caps on attorney fees to make the ESA consistent with existing federal law; and 
Whereas, the customs, cultures and eco-
nomic well-being of our local communities, as well as important historic and cultural as-pects of our local heritage, are being ignored, which adversely affects the lives and jobs of the people of the United States and dev-astates local and state economies; and 
Whereas, a cost-benefit analysis should be 
required on any ESA action; and 
Whereas, the United States Chamber of 
Commerce, the American Farm Bureau Fed-eration, the National Rural Electric Cooper-ative Association and many others support the 21st Century Endangered Species Trans-parency Act. 
Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of 
the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentative concurring, prays: 
1. That the Congress of the United States 
enact the 21st Century Endangered Species Transparency Act. 
2. That the Secretary of State of the State 
of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Con-gress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–15. A concurrent memorial adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to oppose the implementation of certain technology and emissions reduction rules for new and existing electric generating units; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1013 
Whereas, the Clean Air Act (CAA) is a fed-
eral law designed to protect air quality na-tionwide; and 
Whereas, jurisdiction to implement the 
CAA lies primarily with the states; and 
Whereas, in 1970, Congress enacted the 
CAA, mandating comprehensive state and federal regulations for both stationary and nonstationary sources of pollution; and 
Whereas, while Americans support efforts 
to improve air quality, such efforts should be carefully balanced to ensure that the costs of new regulations to the economy do not ex-ceed potential benefits; and 
Whereas, on June 2, 2014, the United States 
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) proposed rules in the Federal Register that will require Arizona to reduce carbon emis-sions at existing generating facilities by 51.7% by 2030; and 
Whereas, the carbon reduction targets for 
Arizona are the second highest in the nation; and 
Whereas, the interim goal proposed for Ari-
zona would require nearly 90% of the final goal to be achieved by the year 2020: and 
Whereas, concentrations of greenhouse 
gases are the result of global emissions and do not pose an immediate risk to public health and safety as do other criteria pollut-ants; and 
Whereas, the EPA’s proposed rules exceed 
its legal authority to require reductions in carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuel- fired electric generating units under Section 111(d) of the CAA and interfere with the elec-tric system of Arizona; and 
Whereas, addressing greenhouse gas emis-
sions under Section 111(d) is a discretionary duty of the EPA as outlined in the CAA; and Whereas, devoting resources to discre-
tionary duties such as regulating greenhouse gas emissions takes away resources from nondiscretionary duties that are better suit-ed to protect the public health in the near term; and 
Whereas, it is important to Arizona’s econ-
omy to have a diverse energy portfolio that provides reliable and affordable electric serv-ice to Arizona residents and businesses while protecting the public health and welfare; and 
Whereas, fossil fuels, including coal and 
natural gas, provide an abundant, domestic and affordable energy source that is impor-tant to Arizona’s economy and the avail-ability and reliability of electric service; and 
Whereas, the EPA ignores the customs, 
cultures and economic well-being of our local communities as well as important his-toric and cultural aspects of our local herit-age; and 
Whereas, the EPA’s proposed Clean Power 
Plan will cause significant disruptions in Ar-izona’s electricity supply and transmission system, causing reliability in the system to decrease. 
Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of 
the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 
1. That the United States Congress oppose 
the implementation of rules for existing electric generating units that exceed the EPA’s legal authority under Section 111 of the CAA and interfere with the prerogative of Arizona to regulate electricity and ensure an affordable and reliable supply of elec-tricity for its citizens. 
2. That the United States Congress oppose 
the implementation of rules for new or exist-ing electric generating units that do not rec-ognize the primary role of states in estab-lishing and implementing plans to achieve emissions reductions for existing units under Section 111 of the CAA. 
3. That the United States Congress exer-
cise oversight over the EPA to ensure that the primary role of States in establishing and implementing rules under Section 111 of the CAA is respected. 
4. That the Governor and the Attorney 
General of the State of Arizona take appro-priate actions to uphold this state’s respon-sibilities with respect to the CAA and defend the state against overreaching regulations. 
5. That the Secretary of State of the State 
of Arizona transmit a copy of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona, the Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the Governor of the State of Arizona and the Attorney General of the State of Ar-izona. 
POM–16. A concurrent memorial adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to act to increase the United States Customs field of-fice personnel at the ports of entry in Nogales, Douglas, and San Luis, Arizona; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
H
OUSE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 2003 
Whereas, the United States and Mexico are 
important trading partners, and commerce between the two countries is a critical source of jobs, income and exchange; and 
Whereas, according to the United States 
Department of Commerce, more than $500 billion in bilateral trade and over $100 billion occurs in cross-border investment annually: and 
Whereas, in Arizona, $28 billion in two-way 
trade is processed annually through Arizo-na’s ports of entry; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20AP6.016 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2272 April 20, 2015 
Whereas, according to the United States 
Census Bureau, Arizona exports to Mexico totaled $7.1 billion in 2013; and 
Whereas, the prime conduits for cross-bor-
der trade are through the ports of entry in Nogales, Douglas and San Luis, Arizona; and 
Whereas, the Customs Field Office per-
sonnel within the United States Custom and Border Protection service of the United States Department of Homeland Security serve a vital function in promoting security and economic stability; and 
Whereas, the lack of capacity and staffing 
for customs inspections at these primary entry points create congestion for incoming and outgoing goods, hampers commercial ac-tivity and potentially compromises border security; and 
Whereas, these impediments ultimately 
translate into perished agricultural produce and lost business opportunities and income; and 
Whereas, the rapid delivery of goods and 
commerce enhances business activity and strengthens economic integration; and 
Whereas, greater inspection capacity at 
the United States border at the ports of entry in Nogales, Douglas and San Luis, Ari-zona will enhance the safety and swiftness of goods moving across the border, benefiting the economies of both nations; and 
Whereas, increasing the number of Cus-
toms Field Office personnel at these ports will facilitate commercial traffic and will re-sult in increased economic growth and sta-bility for Arizona; and 
Whereas, the letter signed by every mem-
ber of the Arizona Congressional delegation and sent to the United States Department of Homeland Security dated October 14, 2014 ex-pressed the need for greater staffing and al-location of personnel to Arizona’s ports of entry. 
Wherefore your memorialist, the House of 
Representatives of the State of Arizona, the Senate concurring, prays: 
1. That the United States Congress act ex-
pediently to increase and maintain staffing for Customs Field Office personnel at the ports of entry in Nogales. Douglas and San Luis, Arizona in order to prudently speed the flow of goods and commerce. 
2. That the Secretary of State of the State 
of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Con-gress from the State of Arizona. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Activities of the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs During the 113th Con-gress’’ (Rept. No. 114–33). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
BROWN ): 
S. 1007. A bill to amend the Dayton Avia-
tion Heritage Preservation Act of 1992 to re-name a site of the Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. RISCH: 
S. 1008. A bill to require certain agencies to 
conduct assessments of data centers and de-velop data center consolidation and optimi-zation plans; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. HATCH: 
S. 1009. A bill to extend the African Growth 
and Opportunity Act, the Generalized Sys-tem of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. 
V
ITTER ): 
S. 1010. A bill to amend the Securities Ex-
change Act of 1934 to exempt from registra-tion brokers performing services in connec-tion with the transfer of ownership of small-er privately held companies; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Ms. 
C
OLLINS , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): 
S. 1011. A bill to establish a State Trade 
and Export Promotion Grant Program; to the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. R EID, Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. 
MURRAY , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. M ENENDEZ , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. K ING, Mr. T ESTER , Mr. 
SANDERS , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
REED, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. U DALL , Mr. L EAHY , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. 
MURPHY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. K AINE, 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL): 
S. 1012. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to strengthen the earned income tax credit and make permanent cer-tain tax provisions under the American Re-covery and Reinvestment Act of 2009; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. COCHRAN (for himself and Mr. 
S
CHUMER ): 
S. 1013. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for coverage and payment for complex rehabilitation technology items under the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Ms. C
OLLINS ): 
S. 1014. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the safety of cosmetics; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. HATCH: 
S. 1015. A bill to reauthorize trade facilita-
tion and trade enforcement functions and ac-tivities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. 
B
ARRASSO , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. C OATS , Mr. 
COCHRAN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. D AINES , 
Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. 
HATCH , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. S COTT, Mr. 
THUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
INHOFE , Mr. R OUNDS , Mrs. F ISCHER , 
Mr. S HELBY , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C RAPO , 
and Mr. S ESSIONS ): 
S. 1016. A bill to preserve freedom and 
choice in health care; to the Committee on Finance. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
KIRK, Mrs. B OXER , Mr. G ARDNER , and 
Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. Res. 140. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding the 100th anni-versary of the Armenian Genocide; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. BURR (for himself and Ms. 
H
EITKAMP ): 
S. Res. 141. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of Take Our Daughters and Sons To Work Day. 
By Mr. MANCHIN: 
S. Con. Res. 13. A concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the American Fighter Aces; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 149 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
149, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. 
S. 177 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 177, a bill to protect con-sumers by requiring reasonable secu-rity policies and procedures to protect data containing personal information, and to provide for nationwide notice in the event of a breach of security. 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
198, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relating to inverted corporations. 
S. 271 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 271, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service- connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for their disability and either retired pay by reason of their years of military serv-ice or Combat-Related Special Com-pensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 330 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 330, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the special rule for contributions of qualified con-servation contributions, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20AP6.019 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2273 April 20, 2015 
S. 388 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 388, a bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to require humane treatment of animals by Federal Gov-ernment facilities. 
S. 423 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH), the Senator from Texas (Mr. 
CRUZ), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. 
MURKOWSKI ), the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. P ERDUE ) and the Senator from Il-
linois (Mr. D URBIN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 423, a bill to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to provide an exception to the annual written pri-vacy notice requirement. 
S. 565 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 565, a bill to reduce the oper-ation and maintenance costs associated with the Federal fleet by encouraging the use of remanufactured parts, and for other purposes. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 590 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
the name of the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 590, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Se-curity Policy and Campus Crime Sta-tistics Act to combat campus sexual vi-olence, and for other purposes. 
S. 609 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 609, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and increase the exclusion for benefits provided to volunteer firefighters and emergency medical responders. 
S. 615 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), the Senator from Indi-
ana (Mr. C OATS ), the Senator from 
North Dakota (Mr. H OEVEN ) and the 
Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 615, a bill to provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
S. 676 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 676, a bill to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pre-vent tax-related identity theft and tax fraud, and for other purposes. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 682, a bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high- cost mortgage. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 713, a bill to prevent inter-national violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 774 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
774, a bill to amend the Federal Finan-
cial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to improve the examination of depository institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 798 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
798, a bill to provide for notice to, and input by, State insurance commis-sioners when requiring an insurance company to serve as a source of finan-cial strength or when the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation places a lien against an insurance company’s assets, and for other purposes. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring de-vices, and for other purposes. 
S. 812 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from 
West Virginia (Mr. M ANCHIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 812, a bill to enhance the ability of community fi-nancial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase indi-vidual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 824 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
824, a bill to reauthorize the Export- Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 841 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 841, a bill to expand eligi-bility for health care under the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014 to include certain veterans seeking mental health care, and for other purposes. 
S. 849 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 849, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for sys-tematic data collection and analysis and epidemiological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Parkinson’s disease, and other neurological dis-eases. 
S. 857 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 857, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of an initial comprehen-sive care plan for Medicare bene-ficiaries newly diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s disease and related demen-tias, and for other purposes. 
S. 860 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Ar-
kansas (Mr. C OTTON ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 860, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes. 
S. 890 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ), the Senator from Wis-
consin (Ms. B ALDWIN ), the Senator 
from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ), the 
Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W AR-
REN), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. 
PETERS ) and the Senator from Hawaii 
(Ms. H IRONO ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 890, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 898 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
898, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the partici-pation of optometrists in the National Health Service Corps scholarship and loan repayment programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the di-agnosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 928, a bill to reauthor-ize the World Trade Center Health Pro-gram and the September 11th Victim 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20AP6.022 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2274 April 20, 2015 
Compensation Fund of 2001, and for 
other purposes. 
S. 946 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from 
Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 946, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to prohibit the transportation of horses in inter-state transportation in a motor vehicle containing 2 or more levels stacked on top of one another. 
S. 962 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 962, a bill to extend the same Fed-eral benefits to law enforcement offi-cers serving private institutions of higher education and rail carriers that apply to law enforcement officers serv-ing units of State and local govern-ment. 
S. 974 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 974, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to prohibit employment of children in tobacco-re-lated agriculture by deeming such em-ployment as oppressive child labor. 
S. 998 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 998, a bill to establish a proc-ess for the consideration of temporary duty suspensions and reductions, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. 1014. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to en-sure the safety of cosmetics; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, the 
use of personal care products is vir-tually universal in this country. These products include everything from shampoo and hair dye to deodorant and lotion. 
Troubling examples of negative 
health effects call into question the safety of some of the chemicals used in these products. 
For example, methylene glycol, 
which turns into formaldehyde when heated, is a chemical in the popular hair smoothing treatment known as the ‘‘Brazilian Blowout’’. Short term exposure has been reported to cause hair loss, rashes, blistered scalps, nosebleeds, bleeding gums, shortness of breath and vomiting. Over the long term, exposure is associated with an increased risk of cancer. 
Some ingredients in cosmetics may 
only be safe for use in certain con-centrations. Propyl paraben, a widely used preservative, is found in many products and mimics the hormone es-
trogen. This has the potential to dis-rupt the endocrine system, which can lead to a variety of health concerns such as reproductive system disorders. 
In light of this and other examples, 
consumers deserve to know that the products they use every day are safe. To do this, Federal oversight of the personal care products industry needs to be strengthened. 
Europe has a robust system of over-
sight for personal care products, in-cluding consumer protections like product registration and ingredient re-views, but in the United States, the in-dustry is regulated largely on a vol-untary basis, with a sparse patchwork of state regulations. The Food and Drug Administration, FDA, has little authority, operating under a Federal law from the 1930s that has seen little change since. Consumers rightly expect that basic protective measures to en-sure the safety of personal care product ingredients are in place, but the reality is that FDA doesn’t even have manda-tory recall authority for products that pose significant harm to human health. 
I have been working with consumer 
groups, companies and FDA to put to-gether a bipartisan, middle of the road bill to update the regulatory structure for personal care products, provide a streamlined national system of over-sight and accountability, and review the safety of specific chemicals in these products. I am grateful to my colleague, Senator C
OLLINS , for work-
ing with me in this effort. 
Today we are introducing the Per-
sonal Care Products Safety Act, a com-prehensive step forward. The bill, which is the result of feedback we re-ceived from a wide range of stake-holders, addresses consumer safety concerns and provides a modernized, predictable and straightforward system of compliance for companies. 
The Personal Care Products Safety 
Act will, for the first time, enable the public to know which companies, whether they are American or foreign, are producing and distributing personal care products through a registration system operated by FDA. Companies will provide information about the in-gredients in their products and attest to their safety. This updated system will be supported by user fees paid by the industry. 
Under this legislation, FDA will re-
view at least five chemical ingredients per year for their safety and appro-priate use in personal care products. In determining which ingredients to evaluate and their safety, many factors must be considered, including how prevalent the ingredient is, the likely exposure, adverse event reports, and scientific studies from a wide range of sources. 
The first set of chemicals for review 
includes: diazolidinyl urea, which is used as a preservative in a wide range of products including deodorant, sham-poo, conditioner, bubble bath and lo-tion; lead acetate, which is used as a color additive in hair dyes; methylene 
glycol/formaldehyde, which is used in hair treatments; propyl paraben, which is used as a preservative in a wide range of products including shampoo, conditioner and lotion; quaternium-15, which is used as a preservative in a wide range of products including sham-poo, shaving cream, skin creams and cleansers. 
FDA may deem an ingredient safe, 
unsafe, or safe under certain uses or conditions. FDA will also be empow-ered to require warning labels on prod-ucts with certain ingredients, as appro-priate, and limit the amount of an in-gredient that may be used in certain products. For example, some ingredi-ents may only be safe when used by professionals in a salon or spa setting. 
The structure of the legislation en-
courages, and relies on, public input. There are many opportunities built in for consumer groups, companies, med-ical professionals, scientists and the public to weigh in with feedback on the ingredients that should be prioritized for review and scientific information that FDA should consider regarding the safety of those ingredients. FDA is required to provide a yearly update to Congress and the public on its progress in reviewing these ingredients and the new oversight system. 
Many companies follow strict vol-
untary standards for manufacturing under proper conditions, but the cur-rent lack of a Federal standard leaves this to chance. Under this legislation, FDA sets Good Manufacturing Practice guidelines to ensure companies meet a minimum standard. Companies will also need to report adverse health events related to their products to FDA. 
As more consumers choose to shop 
online, it is of growing importance that they have access to the same product information they would see in a store. This bill requires all personal care products sold online to include infor-mation that is on the label. Consumers will be able to see all ingredients list-ed, along with any product warnings and other important information on use. 
We also take steps to reduce animal 
testing in personal care products, and direct FDA to encourage the use of al-ternatives and provide specific guid-ance to companies on non-animal test-ing methods that are seen as accept-able. 
This legislation is the product of 
many different groups working to-gether. I am pleased to have the sup-port of the Personal Care Products Council, which represents over 600 com-panies, Environmental Working Group, Society for Women’s Health Research, HealthyWomen, and National Alliance for Hispanic Health. These individual companies have also stepped forward to independently support the bill: John-son & Johnson, brands include Neutrogena, Aveeno, Clean & Clear, Lubriderm, Johnson’s baby products; Procter & Gamble, brands include 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20AP6.023 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2275 April 20, 2015 
Pantene, Head & Shoulders, Clairol, 
Herbal Essences, Secret, Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci, Ivory, CoverGirl, Olay, Sebastian Professional, Vidal Sassoon; Revlon, brands include Revlon, Almay, Mitchum; Este ´e 
Lauder, brands include Este ´e Lauder, 
Clinique, Origins, Tommy Hilfiger, MAC, La Mer, Bobbi Brown, Donna Karan, Aveda, Michael Kors; Unilever, brands include Dove, Tresemme, Lever, St. Ives, Noxzema, Nexxus, Pond’s, Suave, Sunsilk, Vaseline, Degree; L’Ore ´al, brands include L’Ore ´al Paris, 
Lancome, Giorgio Armani, Yves Saint Laurent, Kiehl’s, Essie, Garnier, Maybelline-New York, Vichy, La Roche-Posay, The Body Shop, Redken. 
I urge my colleagues to join Senator 
C
OLLINS and me in supporting this ef-
fort to modernize our outdated regu-latory system for personal care prod-ucts, and to cosponsor the bill. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 140—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ARME-NIAN GENOCIDE 
Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
K
IRK, Mrs. B OXER , Mr. G ARDNER , and 
Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 140 
Whereas the Armenian Genocide was con-
ceived and carried out by the Ottoman Em-pire from 1915 to 1923, resulting in the depor-tation of nearly 2,000,000 Armenians, of whom 1,500,000 men, women, and children were killed and 500,000 survivors were ex-pelled from their homes, and the elimination of the over 2,500-year presence of Armenians in their historic homeland; 
Whereas, on May 24, 1915, the Allied Powers 
of England, France, and Russia jointly issued a statement explicitly charging for the first time ever another government of commit-ting crimes ‘‘against humanity and civiliza-tion’’; 
Whereas Raphael Lemkin, who coined the 
term ‘‘genocide’’, and whose draft resolution for a genocide convention treaty became the framework for the United Nations Conven-tion on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, recognized the Arme-nian Genocide as the type of crime the United Nations should prevent and punish through the setting of international stand-ards; 
Whereas Senate Concurrent Resolution 12, 
64th Congress, agreed to February 9, 1916, re-solved that ‘‘the President of the United States be respectfully asked to designate a day on which the citizens of this country may give expression to their sympathy by contributing funds now being raised for the relief of the Armenians’’, who at the time were enduring ‘‘starvation, disease, and un-told suffering’’; 
Whereas Senate Resolution 359, 66th Con-
gress, agreed to May 11, 1920, stated that ‘‘the testimony adduced at the hearings con-ducted by the subcommittee of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations have clear-ly established the truth of the reported mas-sacres and other atrocities from which the 
Armenian people have suffered’’; 
Whereas House Joint Resolution 148, 94th 
Congress, agreed to April 8, 1975, resolved, ‘‘That April 24, 1975, is hereby designated as ‘National Day of Remembrance of Man’s In-humanity to Man’, and the President of the United States is authorized and requested to issue a proclamation calling upon the people of the United States to observe such day as a day of remembrance for all the victims of genocide, especially those of Armenian an-cestry. . .’’; 
Whereas House Joint Resolution 247, 98th 
Congress, agreed to September 10, 1984, re-solved, ‘‘That April 24, 1985, is hereby des-ignated as ‘National Day of Remembrance of Man’s Inhumanity to Man’, and the Presi-dent of the United States is authorized and requested to issue a proclamation calling upon the people of the United States to ob-serve such day as a day of remembrance for all the victims of genocide, especially the one and one-half million people of Armenian ancestry. . .’’; 
Whereas, on April 11, 2014, the Committee 
on Foreign Relations of the Senate reported favorably Senate Resolution 410, 113th Con-gress, expressing the sense of the Senate re-garding the anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, and calling on the President to ‘‘ensure that the foreign policy of the Unites States reflects appropriate understanding and sensitivity concerning issues related to human rights crimes against humanity, eth-nic cleansing, and genocide documented in the United States record relating to the Ar-menian Genocide’’; 
Whereas, on April 12, 2015, Pope Francis de-
scribed the atrocities perpetrated by the Ottoman Turks against the Armenians as the first genocide of the 20th century; 
Whereas the United States Holocaust Me-
morial Council, an independent Federal agency, unanimously resolved on April 30, 1981, that the United States Holocaust Me-morial Museum would document the Arme-nian Genocide in the Museum, and has done so through a public examination of the his-toric record, including lectures and the maintenance of books, records, and photo-graphs about the Genocide; 
Whereas the Government of the Republic 
of Turkey has continued its international campaign of Armenian Genocide denial, maintained a blockade of Armenia, and con-tinues to pressure the small but growing Turkish civil society movement for acknowl-edging the Armenian Genocide; 
Whereas, in April 2011, the month of re-
membrance of the Armenian Genocide, the Government of the Republic of Turkey de-molished a 100-foot-high statue in the city of Kars which was erected to promote reconcili-ation with Armenia; 
Whereas the denial of the Armenian Geno-
cide by the Government of the Republic of Turkey has prevented the meaningful ad-vancement of a constructive political, eco-nomic, and security relationship between Ar-menia and Turkey; and 
Whereas the teaching, recognition, and 
commemoration of acts of genocide and other crimes against humanity is essential to preventing the re-occurrence of similar atrocities: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Sen-
ate— 
(1) to remember and commemorate the 
100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide on April 24, 2015; 
(2) that the President should work toward 
an equitable, constructive, stable, and dura-ble Armenian-Turkish relationship that in-cludes the full acknowledgment by the Gov-ernment of the Republic of Turkey of the facts about the Armenian Genocide; and (3) that the President should ensure that 
the foreign policy of the United States re-flects appropriate understanding and sensi-tivity concerning issues related to human rights, crimes against humanity, ethnic cleansing, and genocide documented in the United States record relating to the Arme-nian Genocide. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 141—SUP-
PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF TAKE OUR DAUGH-TERS AND SONS TO WORK DAY 
Mr. BURR (for himself and Ms. 
H
EITKAMP ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 141 
Whereas the Take Our Daughters To Work 
program was created in New York City as a response to research that showed that, by the 8th grade, many girls were dropping out of school, had low self-esteem, and lacked confidence; 
Whereas in 2003, the name of the program 
was changed to ‘‘Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work’’ so that boys who face many of the same challenges as girls could also be involved in the program; 
Whereas in 2015, the mission of the pro-
gram, to develop ‘‘innovative strategies that empower girls and boys to overcome societal barriers to reach their full potential’’, fully reflects the addition of boys; 
Whereas the Take Our Daughters And Sons 
To Work Foundation, a nonprofit organiza-tion, has grown to be one of the largest pub-lic awareness campaigns, with more than 39,000,000 participants annually in more than 3,000,000 organizations and workplaces rep-resenting each State; 
Whereas in 2007, the Take Our Daughters 
To Work program transitioned to Elizabeth City, North Carolina, became known as the Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Foundation, and received national recogni-tion for its dedication to future generations; 
Whereas every year, mayors, governors, 
and other private and public officials sign proclamations and lend support to Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day; 
Whereas the fame of the Take Our Daugh-
ters And Sons To Work program has spread overseas, with requests and inquiries being made from around the world on how to oper-ate the program; 
Whereas 2015 marks the 22nd anniversary 
of the Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work program; 
Whereas Take Our Daughters And Sons to 
Work Day will be observed on Thursday, April 23, 2015; and 
Whereas by offering opportunities for chil-
dren to experience activities and events, Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day is intended to continue helping millions of girls and boys on an annual basis to examine their opportunities and strive to reach their fullest potential: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the goals of introducing our 
daughters and sons to the workplace; and 
(2) commends all participants of Take Our 
Daughters And Sons To Work Day for their ongoing contributions to education, and for the vital role the participants play in pro-moting and ensuring a brighter, stronger fu-ture for the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20AP6.025 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2276 April 20, 2015 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 13—AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CEREMONY TO PRESENT THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE AMERICAN FIGHTER ACES 
Mr. MANCHIN submitted the fol-
lowing concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administration: 
S. C ON. RES. 13 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR 
CEREMONY TO PRESENT CONGRES-SIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO AMERICAN FIGHTER ACES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Emancipation Hall in 
the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on May 20, 2015 for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the American Fighter Aces collectively, in rec-ognition of their heroic military service and defense of our country’s freedom throughout the history of aviation warfare. 
(b) P
REPARATIONS .—Physical preparations 
for the conduct of the ceremony described in subsection (a) shall be carried out in accord-ance with such conditions as may be pre-scribed by the Architect of the Capitol. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1121. Mr. BURR submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1122. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1121. Mr. BURR submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE lll —MILITARY SEX OFFENDER 
REPORTING 
SEC. lll . SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Military 
Sex Offender Reporting Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. lll . REGISTRATION OF SEX OFFENDERS 
RELEASED FROM MILITARY COR-RECTIONS FACILITIES OR UPON CONVICTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Sex Offender Reg-
istration and Notification Act is amended by inserting after section 128 (42 U.S.C. 16928) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 128A. REGISTRATION OF SEX OFFENDERS 
RELEASED FROM MILITARY COR-RECTIONS FACILITIES OR UPON CONVICTION. 
‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall provide to 
the Attorney General the information de-scribed in section 114 to be included in the National Sex Offender Registry and the Dru Sjodin National Sex Offender Public Website regarding persons— 
‘‘(1)(A) released from military corrections 
facilities; or 
‘‘(B) convicted if the sentences adjudged by 
courts-martial under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), do not include confine-
ment; and 
‘‘(2) required to register under this title.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents of the Adam 
Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 128 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 128A. Registration of sex offenders re-
leased from military correc-tions facilities or upon convic-tion.’’. 
SA 1122. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE IV—ANTI-TRAFFICKING TRAINING 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 401. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
(2) H
UMAN TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘‘human 
trafficking’’ means an act or practice de-scribed in paragraph (9) or (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 402. TRAINING FOR DEPARTMENT PER-
SONNEL TO IDENTIFY HUMAN TRAF-FICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement a program to— 
(1) train and periodically retrain relevant 
Transportation Security Administration, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and other Department personnel that the Sec-retary considers appropriate, with respect to how to effectively deter, detect, and disrupt human trafficking, and, where appropriate, interdict a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking, during the course of their pri-mary roles and responsibilities; and 
(2) ensure that the personnel referred to in 
paragraph (1) regularly receive current infor-mation on matters related to the detection of human trafficking, including information that becomes available outside of the De-partment’s initial or periodic retraining schedule, to the extent relevant to their offi-cial duties and consistent with applicable in-formation and privacy laws. 
(b) T
RAINING DESCRIBED .—The training re-
ferred to in subsection (a) may be conducted through in-class or virtual learning capabili-ties, and shall include— 
(1) methods for identifying suspected vic-
tims of human trafficking and, where appro-priate, perpetrators of human trafficking; 
(2) for appropriate personnel, methods to 
approach a suspected victim of human traf-ficking, where appropriate, in a manner that is sensitive to the suspected victim and is not likely to alert a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking; 
(3) training that is most appropriate for a 
particular location or environment in which the personnel receiving such training per-form their official duties; 
(4) other topics determined by the Sec-
retary to be appropriate; and 
(5) a post-training evaluation for personnel 
receiving the training. 
(c) T
RAINING CURRICULUM REVIEW .—The 
Secretary shall annually reassess the train-ing program established under subsection (a) to ensure it is consistent with current tech-niques, patterns, and trends associated with 
human trafficking. 
SEC. 403. CERTIFICATION AND REPORT TO CON-
GRESS. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall certify to Congress that all personnel referred to in section 402(a) have successfully completed the training re-quired under that section. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall report to Congress with respect to the overall effectiveness of the program required by this title, the number of cases reported by Department personnel in which human traf-ficking was suspected, and, of those cases, the number of cases that were confirmed cases of human trafficking. 
SEC. 404. ASSISTANCE TO NON-FEDERAL ENTI-
TIES. 
The Secretary may provide training cur-
ricula to any State, local, or tribal govern-ment or private organization to assist the government or organization in establishing a program of training to identify human traf-ficking, upon request from the government or organization. 
SEC. 405. EXPANDED USE OF DOMESTIC TRAF-
FICKING VICTIMS’ FUND. 
Section 3014(e)(1) of title 18, United States 
Code, as added by section 101 of this Act, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) section 106 of the PROTECT Our Chil-
dren Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 17616).’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 20, 2015, at 3 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘2020 Census: Chal-lenges Facing the Bureau for a Modern, Cost-Effective Survey.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF 
EMANCIPATION HALL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 34, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 34) 
authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the American Fighter Aces. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the con-current resolution be agreed to and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20AP6.029 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2277 April 20, 2015 
motion to reconsider be laid upon the 
table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. 
Res. 34) was agreed to. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND 
IDEALS OF TAKE OUR DAUGH-TERS AND SONS TO WORK DAY 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 141, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 141) supporting the 
goals and ideals of Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 141) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, April 21; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided, and that the majority control the first half and the Demo-crats control the final half; that fol-lowing morning business, the Senate resume consideration of S. 178; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference luncheons. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:43 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, April 21, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
ADAM J. SZUBIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO 
BE UNDER SECRETARY FOR TERRORISM AND FINANCIAL CRIMES, VICE DAVID S. COHEN, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JEFFREY J. HAWKINS, JR., OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND 
PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS VICE CHIEF OF STAFF, UNITED STATES AIR FORCE, AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSI-TION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 8034 AND 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. DAVID L. GOLDFEIN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. TIMOTHY M. RAY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ROBERT N. POLUMBO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. DARRYL L. ROBERSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. CHARLES Q. BROWN, JR. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ERIC C. BUSH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ALAN R. LYNN 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JILL K. FARIS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. GARY H. CHEEK 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CHRISTIAN A. ROFRANO 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. NORA W. TYSON IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MARK A. BRILAKIS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10 U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ROBERT S. WALSH 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
BAMIDELE A. ADETUNJI TERESE L. ALLISON LIAM M. APONTE JULEE L. AVRAM BRETT J. BALLARD SHARON A. BALLINGER NICHOLAS S. BANCROFT PAMELA D. BANKS KATHLEEN V. BELL NATASHA I. BEST JUDY L. BLANCHARD BRIAN T. BOOTH CASSIDY JO BOYER TINA S. BRADFORD MICHAEL J. BRAKEL LAURIE A. BREZINA REBECCA A. BRIONES KELLY ANN CARTER MARIA C. CASTRO JENNIE L. CAVAL MARGARET G. CENTENO LEWIS G. CHRISTENSEN DAWN M. CLAUSON MARION A. COLLINS JENNIFER L. CONAWAY JONATHAN C. CRISS KAREN J. DARGAN CARMANITA L. DAVIS MONICA I. DENNING GUILENE C. DERISMA RACHELLE R. DIXON TIFFANI M. DORCH DEAN P. DORE DEBBIE J. DORSEY KATHLEEN M. DRUM APRIL J. DUNLEVY CHRISTOPHER D. DUVALL ABIGAIL J. EASTMAN LORI E. FLORI JOAQUINA FONTES LOPES MOAYAD FOWLER, SR. JENNIFER L. FRANKS DENISE M. FREDERIKSEN ERIC M. FROST MCKISA P. FRYER MARY E. GAMBLE STEPHANIE P. GARCIA ANGELA C. GOOKIN KATHERINE R. GRIFFITHS TWANA A. HADDEN WENDY H. HEIBEL KATHERINE M. HITZ ANGELICA M. HOLLIDAY JK SHANE HOUSE HEATHER S. HUBBARD LAURA A. HUMES CHENNEL CHRISTIAN JOHNSON BENJAMIN D. JORGENSEN SUSAN E. JOSEPH DIANE J. JUROSKA KATHERINE S. KASCH TUESDAY M. KAYONGO SHARA R. KOCH VALERIE P. KOSOBUCKI TAMMY R. KRITZER MICHELLE A. LEMPKE JOSEPH C. LEONDIKE MARCIE A. LEWIS BETHANY L. LIEBERMAN BESSA JANE E. LIVICA LOU A. LYSENGEN ERIC W. MAGNUSON ANASTASIA T. MCKOY SHERRY L. MITCHELL CYNTHIA G. MONTESI ROMEATRIUS NICOLE MOSS RICHARD J. ODOSSO JAMES C. ONEILL LIBERTY C. ORADA HEATHER L. ORTIZ TINA MARIE OUELLETTE ANNETTE R. PATTON DOUGLAS S. POGUE STEPHANIE M. POWERS JESSICA L. PRICE STEPHEN G. RAY RICHARD P. ROGERS ESMERALDA SALAZAR DARRELL C. SANDERS JEANETTE K. SANDERS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G20AP6.025 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2278 April 20, 2015 
SUZANNE E. W. SEE 
SHAWNICE LEE SHANKLE ANTHONY P. SIBILIA JOHANA SIERRANUNEZ MICHELLE B. SMITH CLEGGETT STEFFANIE L. SOLBERG BRIAN L. SPURLOCK ANTHONY R. STEPHENS THEODORE J. SZERSZENSKI III GRETCHEN E. SZYMANSKI SCOTT G. THALLEMER STACY L. TUTTLE VERONICA B. VALERIO ELIZABETH L. VATH JOEL M. VILLAVERT TOBIE J. WATKINS BRENDA D. WHITE ROSEMARIE WIBISONO BRIAN K. WIENHOFF TIFFANY D. WILLIAMS MICHELLE T. WISE RHYS I. WOODALL ZOE T. WOOLSTON JONATHAN R. WURZELBACHER KERI L. YOUNG 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
TRAVIS M. ALLEN THOMAS R. BAIZE KARL N. BLANCAFLOR ROBERT DALE BOHNSACK DANIEL S. CALL STEVEN R. CUNEIO GARY J. DAVIDSON CRAIG MILTON FORSYTHE DAVID M. HORTON KEVIN M. HUDSON PAUL B. JOYNER, JR. JASON P. KIM JASON T. KLODNICKI DAVID R. LEONARD CHRISTOPHER L. REEDER DAVID D. REEDY JONATHAN T. RUNNELS DAVID Y. SUH CHRISTOPHER D. UNDERWOOD II JEROMY JAMES WELLS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
RICHARD S. BEYEA III CHRISTIAN L. BISCOTTI MATTHEW A. BOARTS KRISTOFFER K. COX LARRY J. FOWLER JULIAN C. GAITHER KENNETH E. JOHNSON, JR. EUGENE F. LAHUE CHRISTOPHER M. LAPACK CHARLES R. MONTOYA, JR. SCOTT P. NUPSON RANDY L. SELLERS MICHAEL D. SHANNON MARK F. THOMAS SAMMY C. TUCKER, JR. TRAVIS C. YELTON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
KEITH L. CLARK MICHAEL E. CRABTREE WILLIAM K. LIN PAUL A. LONGO VICTOR B. MAGGIO JAMES R. MOORE KYLE E. PELKEY ENRIQUE E. ROSADO JENNIE LEIGH L. STODDART 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
TALIB Y. ALI JAY R. ALLEN JASON G. ARNOLD ANTHONY S. BANKES VIKHYAT S. BEBARTA JAMES E. BERMUDEZ JOHN N. BERRY ANTHONY I. BEUTLER CHRISTOPHER T. BIRD JEREMY W. CANNON JERRY M. CLINE ROBERT W. CRAIGGRAY PAUL F. CRAWFORD, JR. SCOTT M. CUMMIS RONALD S. DAY ANTONIO J. DELGADO BRIAN L. DELMONACO KELLY L. DORENKOTT DAVID J. DUVAL KENNETH S. EGERSTROM MARY T. GUEST GREGORY J. HAACK CHAD A. HAMILTON JASON T. HAYES RACHEL A. HIGHT 
MICHAEL GLENN HODGES ERIC F. HOLT BRANDON R. HORNE CHRISTOPHER M. HUDSON SEAN L. JERSEY KEVIN J. KAPS TONY S. KIM PAULETTE D. LASSITER MAXIMILIAN S. LEE MARK D. LYMAN ROBERT M. MONBERG THOMAS O. MOORE BRENDAN M. NOONE SAMIA A. OCHIA SAMUEL T. OLATUNBOSUN STEVEN D. PEINE MICHAEL C. PETRO JENNIFER L. RAVENSCROFT JOSEPH R. RICHARDS JAMES B. SAMPSON ZAIGA KAREN SEARS PATRICK A. SHEA DAVID L. STEINHISER II GALE T. TUPER, JR. CEASAR A. VALLE JAMES F. WALROTH STEVEN R. WARD DERRICK B. WILLSEY GABRIEL ZIMMERER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JOHN W. HECK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-
MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
ANNA HAMM 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JERMAL M. SCARBROUGH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUALS FOR APPOINT-
MENT TO THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
CYNTHIA A. RUTHERFORD 
To be major 
ANGELA SCEVOLA–DATTOLI 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be colonel 
SUSAN I. PANGELINAN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR REGULAR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
RITA A. KOSTECKE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
SCHAWN B. BRANCH FRANK A. SMITH 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JOHN P. O’BRIEN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
IAN D. BRANUM BRYAN P. HYDE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
JOSUE M. BELLINGER BRYCE E. BURK RALPH A. CACCI ERIK M. DULLEA DANIEL S. GOLDENBERG THEODORE L. GRABARZ THOMAS M. HOFFMANN TIMOTHY J. KERR DOUGLAS H. KLIMAN DONALD E. MESERVE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
GEORGE J. EBERLY III DAVID GARLINGHOUSE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
GREGORY K. EMERY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
DANIEL B. COPELAND STEPHEN D. DONALD JOHN E. HUDSON GEORGE W. LASKEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be commander 
CAROLYN A. WINNINGHAM 
To be lieutenant commander 
SARA M. BUSTAMANTE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
SCOTT W. ARNOLD JAMES H. BLACK CHRISTIAN D. BOLL JOHN E. BRAUN LOUIS O. CARL MARK G. CARTER LLOYD A. CHEE KENNETH J. CHRISTY DUNCAN M. CLENDENIN GERALD P. DEARIE BRIAN E. DONALDSON JUSTIN E. DUGGER KEITH D. EITNER NATHAN J. ELDER ALEXANDER W. ELLERMANN CRAIG A. EUBANK PHILLIP L. FAUCHEUX BRIAN M. FERGUSON JOHN E. FRITZ ANTHONY J. GAREFFA KENWOOD A. GERMANN BRIAN J. GRANGER ANDREW A. GREY CHRISTOPHER K. GRILLONE CHRISTOPHER E. GRONBECH BRIAN D. GRUBBS REGINALD H. HENDRIX KEVIN G. HODER ANTHONY J. LANZILLOTTI MICHAEL J. LEONARD RICHARD S. LOFGREN THOMAS D. MALONEY JEFFREY L. MARTY ROBERT A. MCCORMICK, JR. JEFFREY D. MCGEE NICHOLAS J. MELFI III CHARLES S. MERRILL IV RICHARD W. MEYER CHRISTOPHER S. MILES ROBERT S. MITCHELL JOSEPH W. MOORHOUSE CHRISTOPHER C. NEWMAN BLANDON N. PICL JOHN F. PLUMB JAMES T. POLICKOSKI DOUGLAS W. SASSE III MICHAEL S. SEEBERGER MATTHEW R. SKONE GRANT S. STAATS DAVID J. STAVISH AMOS STIBOLT BRADLEY W. STORY THOMAS J. TEUSCHL RICHARD K. THORP GEORGE N. TSANGARIS GLEN A. VIADO MICHAEL VILLEGAS DOUGLAS R. VOLKMAN GEORGE A. WALBORN II SCOTT P. WALL THOMAS F. WALSH SCOTT A. YATES KURT J. ZAHNEN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
CHRISTOPHER P. BROWN CASEY J. CASAD ROBERT COOGAN THOMAS E. DIXON BRANDON D. FLOYD JONATHAN R. HURST MICHAEL D. JOHNS JONAS C. JONES WILLIAM E. MASKE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A20AP6.004 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2279 April 20, 2015 
JOHN J. MOLINARI 
SHAUN P. MURPHY NATHANIEL J. STRANDQUIST JONATHAN R. TOWNSEND VAN T. WENNEN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
SABRINA J. BOBKOWSKI JENNIFER A. GORNOWICH DIANE C. LEBLANC 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
KEVIN R. BOARDMAN GWENDOLYN M. GRAVES ANDREW T. HART SEAN P. MCDONALD 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
CARL O. PISTOLE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
JON E. RUGG 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
VICTOR S. CHEN GARRETT D. KASPER ELIZABETH A. ZIMMERMANNYOUNG 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
DONALD W. BABCOCK, JR. ROBERT W. BOSSA MARIO C. CAPUTO LYNETTE M. CHURCH CURT V. KURZENHAUSER JOSEPH E. MORRISSEY MICHAEL J. RODRIGUEZ PHILIP J. SALTZMAN ALEXANDER N. SOUKHANOV STEVEN W. URWILLER 
WARREN O. WAGUESPACK BRADFORD L. WHEELER JOHN J. WOODS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
GLEN A. DIELEUTERIO ROBERT J. DODSON MICHAEL P. MACLELLAN STEVEN E. OWEN LOUKAS PAPADOPOULOS WILLIAM Y. PIKE 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate April 20, 2015: 
THE JUDICIARY  
GEORGE C. HANKS, JR., OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A20AP6.007 S20APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E529 April 20, 2015 
DEATH TAX REPEAL ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 16, 2015 
Ms. D ELAURO. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to this reckless and regressive bill. 
My colleagues in the Majority often claim to 
be opposed to government spending they de-scribe as ‘‘wasteful.’’ But this bill is the epit-ome of wasteful spending. By permanently re-pealing the estate tax, without any additional revenue whatsoever to cover the losses, it in-creases our nation’s deficit by almost $270 bil-lion. 
Make no mistake—tax breaks are spending. 
Moreover, this bill spends money on those who need it least. According to the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, only the wealthiest 0.2 percent of estates will benefit at all, and al-most three quarters of the benefits will go to estates worth more than $20 million. 
For every rich estate that reaps the benefits 
of this bill, there are ten thousand of our fellow citizens living in poverty. Yet the same House Majority that now supports this bill also passed a budget last month that would cut $125 billion from food stamps and kick up to 20 million Americans off Medicaid—all at a time when working families are struggling to make ends meet. Talk about misplaced priorities. 
Madam Speaker, instead of spending hun-
dreds of billions on a tax break for a wealthy elite, we should be directing more assistance to those who are in genuine need. That is why I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill. 
f 
ALL LIVES MATTER 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 20, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, April 4, 
1968 in an unforgettable day because on that day the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., a man of peace who devoted his life to non-violence, was struck down by an assassin’s bullet in Memphis, Tennessee. 
Sadly, April 4, 2015, will also take its place 
as a day of infamy because on that day in North Charleston, South Carolina, a man less celebrated but no less innocent, Walter Scott, was slain in an act of lethal violence that shocks the conscience. 
I rise today to extend my deepest sym-
pathies to the family and loved ones of Walter Scott, who was laid to rest this past Saturday, and call upon this Congress to enact legisla-tion that will provide the resources and guid-ance needed for law enforcement personnel to maintain the trust and confidence and support of the communities they serve and the safe-guards needed to protect our people from be-coming victims of excessive or lethal force. Mr. Speaker, the problems revealed by sev-
eral of the more notorious incidents involving the use of lethal force against unarmed citi-zens that have captured the attention of the nation over the past several months require a national response because the problems iden-tified are not isolated or limited to one region of the country. 
For example, the death of 43 year-old Eric 
Garner resulting from the application of a NYPD police chokehold occurred in the North-east and the death of 18-year-old Michael Brown and the resulting events in Ferguson occurred in the border state of Missouri. 
The killing of 12 year-old Tamir Rice by a 
Cleveland police officer occurred in the Mid-west and death of unarmed 26 year-old Jor-dan Baker by an off-duty Houston police offi-cer occurred in Texas. 
In Phoenix, Arizona, Rumain Brisbon, an 
unarmed black father of four, was shot to death when a police officer allegedly mistook his bottle of pills for a gun. 
In Pasdena, California, 19-year-old Kendrec 
McDade was chased and shot seven times by two police officers after a 911 caller falsely re-ported he had been robbed at gunpoint by two black men, neither of whom in fact was armed. 
And, of course, on April 4, the conscience of 
the nation was shocked by the horrifying killing of 50-year-old Walter Scott by a North Charleston police officer in the southern state of South Carolina. 
Mr. Speaker, while the problem is national 
in scope, it appears to affect disproportionately and adversely a particular demographic group: African American males. 
Because all lives matter in our great nation, 
it is imperative that we in Congress act swiftly and decisively to focus much needed attention and resources on legislative proposals in-tended to address the problem of misuse of lethal force by law enforcement and to rebuild the public trust and confidence needed to en-sure that law enforcement receive and main-tain the support of the communities they serve and protect. 
As Ranking Member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I note that are several promising legislative criminal justice reform initiatives that have been intro-duced and are worthy of consideration. 
Among them are H.R. 59, the ‘‘Build TRUST 
in Municipal Law Enforcement Act of 2015’’ (Rep. J
ACKSON LEE); H.R. 1459, the Democ-
racy Restoration Act of 2015 (Rep. C ONYERS ); 
H.R. 1810, the ‘‘Collection and Analysis of Data to Educate and Train Law Enforcement Officers’’ (‘‘CADET Act’’); H.R. 920, the ‘‘Smarter Sentencing Act of 2015’’ (Rep. L
AB-
RADOR ); and S. 675, the ‘‘Record 
Expungement Designed to Enhance Employ-ment Act of 2015’’ (REDEEM Act) (Sens. P
AUL 
and B OOKER ). 
Mr. Speaker, earlier this year FBI Director 
James Comey delivered a remarkable speech at Georgetown University in which he laid out several hard truths about the administration of the criminal justice system and state of com-
munity policing in our country. 
One of the hardest truths discussed by Di-
rector Comey is the fact we have limited infor-mation and inadequate data regarding the scope and extent of the problems endemic in the criminal justice system. 
This lack of information hampers the ability 
of policymakers and administrators at the fed-eral, state, and local level to identify and im-plement laws, policies, and practices to rem-edy identified problems. 
The Judiciary Committee should imme-
diately conduct hearings to educate the Con-gress and the public on the nature and extent of deficiencies in the nation’s criminal justice systems and the efficacy of proposed solu-tions. 
Specifically, hearings should be held to in-
vestigate practices and policies governing: 
1. the use of lethal force by state and local 
police departments; 
2. educational requirements, mental health 
and psychological evaluations, and training in non-violent conflict resolution received by vet-eran law enforcement officers and new re-cruits; and 
3. the feasibility and efficacy of making 
greater use of technological devices such as body cameras. 
A fourth area to be explored is the state of 
the social science research in the academic study of criminal justice reform because there is much the Committee can learn by engaging leading experts in the field regarding the state 
of knowledge in their respective disciplines. 
Mr. Speaker, reforming the criminal justice 
system so that it dispenses justice impartially and equally to all persons is one of the most important challenges facing this Congress. 
And it is a goal that can be achieved if we 
work together in a spirit of goodwill and bipar-tisan cooperation. 
There are few things we can do that will 
provide a greater service to our nation. 
f 
HONORING BRONXVILLE WOMEN’S 
CLUB 90TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, April 20, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, as Congressman 
for New York’s 16th District, I am always hon-ored to have community groups working to better both their neighborhoods and the lives of those who live in them. For 90 years, the Bronxville Women’s Club (BWC) has done just that, serving the greater good in Bronxville and its surrounding area. 
The BWC was founded in 1925, just as 
women’s clubs were popularized and forming all throughout Westchester County and the country. Born out of the suffrage movement, the club’s original mission has expanded over the years to include philanthropic work geared toward education and the arts, in addition to overall communal improvement. The organiza-tion’s stated mission of serving as a source 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20AP8.001 E20APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E530 April 20, 2015 
and center for enrichment, and contributing to 
the community through philanthropic work and cultural projects, has made the BWC one of the preeminent community organizations in the entire county. 
As the BWC celebrates its 90th Anniversary, 
it is also celebrating two incredible honorees; Lorraine Lange, recipient of the Woman of the Year Award, and Helen Marie Ringeisen, this year’s Distinguished Cultural Leadership Award winner. Both of these women embody the spirit of the BWC, and are most deserving 
of this wonderful honor. 
Although many of the post-suffrage move-
ment women’s clubs closed, the BWC has thrived, and is often referred to around Bronx-ville as ‘‘the best kept secret in town.’’ Their success is a testament to their leadership, their members, and all of the incredible work they’ve done. I am proud to represent such a remarkable club and I wish them another 90 years of amazing success and achievement. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, April 
21, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s record. 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 22 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Vanessa Lorraine Allen Suther-land, of Virginia, to be a Member and Chairperson of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board. 
SD–406 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine State De-
partment reauthorization, focusing on ensuring effective United States diplo-macy within a reasonable budget. 
SD–419 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine securing the 
border, focusing on understanding threats and strategies for the northern border. 
SD–342 10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing 
and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Transportation. 
SD–138 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine how to bet-
ter communicate weather to enhance commerce and safety. 
SR–253 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine reauthoriza-
tion of and potential reforms to the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
SD–366 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for defense innovation and research. 
SD–192 
10:45 a.m. 
Committee on Finance 
Business meeting to consider S. 995, to 
establish congressional trade negoti-ating objectives and enhanced con-sultation requirements for trade nego-tiations, to provide for consideration of trade agreements, an original bill re-lating to extension of the trade adjust-ment assistance program, and amend-ing the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the credit for health insurance costs of certain eligi-ble individuals, an original bill to ex-tend the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and an original bill to reauthorize trade facili-tation and trade enforcement functions and activities. 
SD–G50 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Home-
land Security 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). 
SD–138 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
To hold hearings to examine reform of 
the defense acquisition system in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SR–232A 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine Air Force 
and Navy nuclear programs and the im-plementation of nuclear enterprise re-view recommendations in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fis-cal year 2016 and the Future Years De-fense Program. 
SR–222 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing on tribal 
transportation, focusing on pathways to safer roads in Indian country; to be immediately followed by a business meeting to consider S. 710, to reauthor-ize the Native American Housing As-sistance and Self-Determination Act of 
1996. 
SD–628 
3 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment 
To hold hearings to examine the United 
States without nuclear power. 
SD–192 
APRIL 23 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Health and Human Services. 
SD–124 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine surface 
transportation reauthorization, focus-ing on building on the successes of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21) to deliver safe, efficient, and effective public transpor-tation services and projects. 
SD–538 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, 
Safety, and Security 
To hold hearings to examine Federal 
Aviation Administration reauthoriza-tion, focusing on airport issues and in-frastructure financing. 
SR–253 
Committee on Finance Subcommittee on Health Care 
To hold hearings to examine the impact 
of the medical device tax on jobs, inno-vation, and patients. 
SD–215 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health 
Policy 
To hold hearings to examine the Africa 
Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA). 
SD–419 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider S. 993, to 
increase public safety by facilitating 
collaboration among the criminal jus-tice, juvenile justice, veterans treat-ment services, mental health treat-ment, and substance abuse systems, and the nominations of Sally Quillian Yates, of Georgia, to be Deputy Attor-ney General, Department of Justice, Kara Farnandez Stoll, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Federal Circuit, and Roseann A. Ketchmark, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Missouri. 
SD–226 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
Business meeting to consider S. 552, to 
amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to provide for increased lim-itations on leverage for multiple li-censes under common control, S. 957, to increase access to capital for vet-eran entrepreneurs to help create jobs, S. 958, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for team and joint ven-ture offers for certain contracts, S. 966, 
to extend the low-interest refinancing provisions under the Local Develop-ment Business Loan Program of the Small Business Administration, S. 967, to require the Small Business Adminis-tration to make information relating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20AP8.003 E20APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E531 April 20, 2015 
to lenders making covered loans pub-
licly available, S. 999, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for im-provements to small business develop-ment centers, S. 1001, to establish au-thorization levels for general business loans for fiscal years 2015 and 2016, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘SCORE for Small Business Act of 2015’’. 
SR–428A 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction 
and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for Department of De-fense military construction and mili-tary family housing programs. 
SD–138 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Anne Elizabeth Wall, of Illi-nois, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury, Brodi L. Fontenot, of Louisiana, to be Chief Financial Offi-cer, Department of the Treasury, and Rafael J. Lopez, of California, to be Commissioner on Children, Youth, and Families, Department of Health and Human Services. 
SD–215 
Commission on Security and Cooperation 
in Europe 
To hold hearings to examine the Arme-
nian genocide and the ongoing quest 
for justice. 
RHOB–2175 2:30 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and the Na-
tional Interest 
To hold hearings to examine the Admin-
istration’s Central American minors refugee/parole program. 
SD–226 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
APRIL 28 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine Untied 
States security policy in Europe. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Admin-
istration’s Quadrennial Energy Review. 
SD–366 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine the future 
of medical innovation for patients. 
SD–430 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine the proper 
role of judicial review in the federal regulatory process. 
SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Department of Homeland Security. 
SD–226 
APRIL 29 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine S. 248, to 
clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the Na-tional Labor Relations Act. 
SD–628 
APRIL 30 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 703, to re-
authorize the weatherization and State energy programs, S. 720, to promote en-ergy savings in residential buildings and industry, and S. 858, to amend the National Energy Conservation Policy Act to encourage the increased use of performance contracting in Federal fa-cilities. 
SD–366 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, 
and Mining 
To hold hearings to examine the Bureau 
of Land Management’s final rule on hy-draulic fracturing. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M20AP8.000 E20APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D410 Monday, April 20, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2259–S2279 
Measures Introduced: Ten bills and three resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1007–1016, S. Res. 140–141, and S. Con. Res. 13.
                Page S2272 
Measures Reported: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Activities of the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs During the 113th Congress’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–33)
                                                                          Page S2272 
Measures Passed: 
Authorizing the Use of Emancipation Hall: Sen-
ate agreed to H. Con. Res. 34, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the American Fighter Aces.
     Pages S2276–77 
Take Our Daughters and Sons To Work Day: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 141, supporting the goals and ideals of Take Our Daughters and Sons To Work Day.
                                                                    Page S2277 
Measures Considered: 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act—Agree-
ment: Senate resumed consideration of S. 178, to 
provide justice for the victims of trafficking, taking action on the following amendments proposed there-to:
                                                                              Pages S2260–62 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Cornyn) Amendment No. 1120, to 
strengthen the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act by incorporating additional bipartisan amendments. 
                                                                                    Pages S2260–62 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 11 a.m., on Tuesday, April 21, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S2277 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: 
By a unanimous vote of 91 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
155), George C. Hanks, Jr., of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas.
                                                         Pages S2263–65, S2279 Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Adam J. Szubin, of the District of Columbia, to 
be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes. 
Jeffrey J. Hawkins, Jr., of California, to be Am-
bassador to the Central African Republic. 
5 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 5 Army nominations in the rank of general. 2 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-
eral. 
1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S2277–79 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2269 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S2269 
Executive Communications:                             Page S2269 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S2270–72 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2272–74 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S2274 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2268–76 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S2276 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2276 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—155)                                                                 Page S2265 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:43 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, April 21, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2277.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
2020 CENSUS 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 
2020 Census, focusing on challenges facing the bu-reau for a modern, cost-effective survey, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20AP5.REC D20APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D411 April 20, 2015 
recommended actions to be implemented before po-
tential cost savings can be realized, after receiving testimony from John Thompson, Director, Census Bureau, Department of Commerce; and Robert Goldenkoff, Director, Strategic Issues, and Carol 
Cha, Director, Information Technology Acquisition Management Issues, both of the Government Ac-countability Office. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 3 public 
bills, H.R. 1894–1896, were introduced.      Page H2318 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H2318 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H.R. 152, to direct the Secretary of the Interior 
to enter into an agreement to provide for manage-ment of the free-roaming wild horses in and around the Currituck National Wildlife Refuge (H. Rept. 114–84); 
H.R. 471, to improve enforcement efforts related 
to prescription drug diversion and abuse, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–85, Part 1); 
H. Con. Res. 21, authorizing the use of the Cap-
itol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby (H. Rept. 114–86); and 
H. Con. Res. 25, authorizing the use of the Cap-
itol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memo-rial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition (H. Rept. 114–87).
              Page H2318 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Smith (NE) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H2317 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay 
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 2:03 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET CONFERENCE 
Conferees met to resolve the differences between the 
Senate and House adopted versions of S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fis-cal years 2017 through 2025, but did not complete 
action thereon. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D371) 
H.R. 2, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-
rity Act to repeal the Medicare sustainable growth rate and strengthen Medicare access by improving physician payments and making other improve-ments, to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program. Signed on April 16, 2015. (Public Law 114–10) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
APRIL 21, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold 
hearings to examine opportunities and challenges for agri-culture trade with Cuba, 10 a.m., SR–328A. 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Military 
Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Veterans Affairs, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the nomination of Peter Levine, of Maryland, to be Dep-uty Chief Management Officer of the Department of De-fense, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, 
to hold open and closed hearings to examine Department of Defense policy and programs to counter threats to the United States from terrorism and irregular warfare, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold hearings to examine surface transportation reauthor-ization, focusing on building on the success of the Mov-ing Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21) to deliver safe, efficient and effective public transportation services and projects, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Communications, Technology, Innovation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20AP5.REC D20APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D412 April 20, 2015 
and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine advancing 
telehealth through connectivity, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Se-
curity, to hold hearings to examine Federal Aviation Ad-ministration reauthorization, focusing on certification and U.S. aviation manufacturing competitiveness, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Finance: to resume hearings to examine 
Congress and United States tariff policy, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on State 
Department and USAID Management, International Op-erations, and Bilateral International Development, to hold hearings to examine improving the efficiency and effec-tiveness of the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
improving accountability and oversight of juvenile justice grants, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine fulfilling the promise to women veterans, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.J. Res. 43, disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Re-productive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014, 5 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
1560, the ‘‘Protecting Cyber Networks Act’’; and H.R. 1731, the ‘‘National Cybersecurity Protection Advance-ment Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations, markup on H.R. 571, the ‘‘Vet-erans Affairs Retaliation Prevention Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1015, the ‘‘Protecting Business Opportunities for Vet-erans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1016, the ‘‘Biological Implant 
Tracking and Veteran Safety Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1017, the ‘‘Veterans Information Security Improvement Act’’, 4 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of April 21 through April 24, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , at approximately 11 a.m., Senate will 
continue consideration of S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: April 
21, to hold hearings to examine opportunities and chal-lenges for agriculture trade with Cuba, 10 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: April 21, Subcommittee on 
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Veterans Affairs, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. 
April 22, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing 
and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Transportation, 10 a.m., SD–138. 
April 22, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to 
hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for defense innovation and research, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
April 22, Subcommittee on Department of Homeland 
Security, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget es-timates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), 2 p.m., SD–138. 
April 22, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment, to hold hearings to examine the United States without nuclear power, 3 p.m., SD–192. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the De-partment of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Military Construction and 
Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for Department of Defense military construction and military family housing programs, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Armed Services: April 21, to hold hearings 
to examine the nomination of Peter Levine, of Maryland, to be Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Depart-ment of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
April 21, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Ca-
pabilities, to hold open and closed hearings to examine Department of Defense policy and programs to counter threats to the United States from terrorism and irregular warfare, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. 
April 22, Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support, to hold hearings to examine reform of the defense acquisition system in review of the Defense Au-thorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. 
April 22, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold 
hearings to examine Air Force and Navy nuclear pro-grams and the implementation of nuclear enterprise re-view recommendations in review of the Defense Author-ization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: April 
21, to hold hearings to examine surface transportation re-authorization, focusing on building on the success of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21) to deliver safe, efficient and effective public transportation services and projects, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20AP5.REC D20APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D413 April 20, 2015 
April 23, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
surface transportation reauthorization, focusing on build-ing on the successes of the Moving Ahead for Progress 
in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21) to deliver safe, effi-cient, and effective public transportation services and projects, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: April 
21, Subcommittee on Communications, Technology, In-novation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine advancing telehealth through connectivity, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
April 21, Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safe-
ty, and Security, to hold hearings to examine Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization, focusing on cer-tification and U.S. aviation manufacturing competitive-ness, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
April 22, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
how to better communicate weather to enhance commerce and safety, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safe-
ty, and Security, to hold hearings to examine Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization, focusing on air-port issues and infrastructure financing, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: April 22, to 
hold hearings to examine reauthorization of and potential reforms to the Land and Water Conservation Fund, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: April 22, to 
hold hearings to examine the nomination of Vanessa Lor-raine Allen Sutherland, of Virginia, to be a Member and Chairperson of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investiga-tion Board, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: April 21, to resume hearings to 
examine Congress and United States tariff policy, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
April 22, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider S. 995, to establish congressional trade negotiating objectives and enhanced consultation requirements for trade negotiations, to provide for consideration of trade agreements, an original bill relating to extension of the trade adjustment assistance program, and amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the credit for health insurance costs of certain eligible indi-viduals, an original bill to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Pref-erences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and an original bill to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, 10:45 a.m., SD–G50. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Health Care, to hold hear-
ings to examine the impact of the medical device tax on jobs, innovation, and patients, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
April 23, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the nominations of Anne Elizabeth Wall, of Illinois, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury, Brodi L. Fontenot, of Louisiana, to be Chief Financial Officer, De-partment of the Treasury, and Rafael J. Lopez, of Cali-fornia, to be Commissioner on Children, Youth, and Families, Department of Health and Human Services, 2 p.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: April 21, Subcommittee 
on State Department and USAID Management, Inter-national Operations, and Bilateral International Develop-
ment, to hold hearings to examine improving the effi-ciency and effectiveness of the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
April 22, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
State Department reauthorization, focusing on ensuring effective United States diplomacy within a reasonable budget, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health 
Policy, to hold hearings to examine the Africa Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA), 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
April 22, to hold hearings to examine securing the bor-der, focusing on understanding threats and strategies for the northern border, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: April 22, to hold an over-
sight hearing on tribal transportation, focusing on path-ways to safer roads in Indian country; to be immediately followed by a business meeting to consider S. 710, to re-authorize the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: April 21, to hold hearings to 
examine improving accountability and oversight of juve-nile justice grants, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
April 23, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider S. 993, to increase public safety by facilitating col-laboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems, and the nominations of Sally Quillian Yates, of Georgia, to be Deputy Attorney Gen-eral, Department of Justice, Kara Farnandez Stoll, of Vir-ginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Federal Circuit, and Roseann A. Ketchmark, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Missouri, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Immigration and the Na-
tional Interest, to hold hearings to examine the Adminis-tration’s Central American minors refugee/parole pro-gram, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: April 
23, business meeting to consider S. 552, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to provide for in-creased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control, S. 957, to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs to help create jobs, S. 958, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for team and joint venture offers for certain contracts, S. 966, to extend the low-interest refinancing provisions under the Local Development Business Loan Program of the Small Busi-ness Administration, S. 967, to require the Small Busi-ness Administration to make information relating to lenders making covered loans publicly available, S. 999, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for improve-ments to small business development centers, S. 1001, to establish authorization levels for general business loans for fiscal years 2015 and 2016, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘SCORE for Small Business Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., SR–428A. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20AP5.REC D20APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D414 April 20, 2015 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: April 21, to hold hear-
ings to examine fulfilling the promise to women veterans, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: April 21, to hold closed 
hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
April 23, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing 
on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, April 22, Subcommittee on 
General Farm Commodities and Risk Management, hear-ing to review reauthorization of the U.S. Grain Standards Act, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
April 22, Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Ag-
riculture, hearing to review reauthorization of the Live-stock Mandatory Reporting Act, 1:30 p.m., 1300 Long-worth. 
Committee on Appropriations, April 22, Full Committee, 
markup on Energy and Water Appropriations Bill, FY 2016; Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations Bill, FY 2016; and Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2016, 10:45 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Homeland Security, hear-
ing on United States Customs and Border Protection budget, 8 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, markup 
on appropriations bill, FY 2016, 9:30 a.m., HT–2 Cap-itol. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Homeland Security, hear-
ing on Federal Emergency Management Agency budget, 10 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human 
Services, and Education, hearing on programs supporting Native Americans budget, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services, April 22, Subcommittee on 
Emerging Threats and Capabilities, markup on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 2:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
April 22, Subcommittee on Readiness, markup on 
H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 4 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land 
Forces, markup on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, mark-
up on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 9:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection 
Forces, markup on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 10:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, markup 
on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 12 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, April 22, Sub-
committee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Chal-lenges Facing Native American Schools’’, 10 a.m., 2175 
Rayburn. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Workforce Protections, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting America’s Workers: An En-forcement Update from the Mine Safety and Health Ad-ministration’’, 9 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, April 22, Sub-
committee on Energy and Power, markup on the ‘‘Rate-payer Protection Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
April 22, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, 
and Trade, markup on the ‘‘Targeting Rogue and Opaque Letters (TROL) Act’’, 12 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Energy and Power, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Title II: 21st Century Workforce’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-
tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Combatting the Opioid Abuse Epidemic: Professional and Academic Perspectives’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, April 22, Task Force to 
Investigate Terrorism Financing, hearing entitled ‘‘A Sur-vey of Global Terrorism and Terrorist Financing’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and 
Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Regu-latory Burdens—Regulator Perspective’’, 9:15 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, April 22, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Nuclear Agreement with Iran: Can’t Trust, Can We Verify?’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
April 22, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, 
Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Accountability and Transformation: Tier Rankings in the Fight Against Human Trafficking’’, 1:30 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
April 22, Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonprolifera-
tion, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Poaching and Ter-rorism: A National Security Challenge’’, 3 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
April 23, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 237, the 
‘‘FTO Passport Revocation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 907, the ‘‘United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1493, the ‘‘Protect and Preserve International Cul-tural Property Act’’; H.R. 1567, the ‘‘Global Food Secu-rity Act of 2015’’; and H. Res. 50, calling for the release of Ukrainian fighter pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who was captured by Russian forces in Eastern Ukraine and has been held illegally in a Russian prison since July 2014, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Rebalance in East Asia: Budget Priorities for FY 2016’’, 1 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, April 22, Subcommittee 
on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communica-tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Strategic Perspectives on the Bio-terrorism Threat’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
April 22, Subcommittee on Oversight and Manage-
ment Efficiency, hearing entitled ‘‘Acquisition Oversight: How Effectively Is DHS Safeguarding Taxpayer Dollars?’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20AP5.REC D20APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D415 April 20, 2015 
Committee on Natural Resources, April 22, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Innovations in Safety Since the 2010 Macondo Incident’’, 9:30 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
April 22, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska 
Native Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘The Obama Administra-tion’s Part 83 Revisions and How They May Allow the Interior Department To Create Tribes, not Recognize Them’’, 4 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing en-
titled ‘‘The Devastating Impacts of Wildland Fires and the Need to Better Manage our Overgrown, Fire-prone National Forests’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, April 22, 
Subcommittee on the Interior, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Department of Energy’s Excess Uranium Man-agement Plan’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
April 22, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Enhancing 
Cybersecurity of Third-Party Contractors and Vendors’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, April 22, Full 
Committee, markup on H.R. 1806, the ‘‘America COM-PETES Reauthorization Act of 2015’’, 10:15 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
April 23, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Hydraulic 
Fracturing: Banning Proven Technologies on Possibilities Instead of Probabilities’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, April 22, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Small Business, Big Threat: Protecting Small Businesses from Cyber Attacks’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, April 22, 
Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request for the United States Army Corps of Engineers and Tennessee Valley Authority’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, April 22, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Philadelphia and Oakland: Sys-temic Failures and Mismanagement’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 
Cannon. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Health, hearing on draft 
legislation to improve reproductive treatment provided to certain disabled veterans; draft legislation to direct the Department of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual re-port on the Veterans Health Administration; H.R. 1769, the ‘‘Toxic Exposure Research Act of 2015’’; H.R. 271, the ‘‘COVER Act’’; H.R. 627, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the definition of homeless veteran for purposes of benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; H.R. 1369, the ‘‘Vet-erans Access to Extended Care Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1575, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent the pilot program on counseling in retreat set-tings for women veterans newly separated from service in the Armed Forces, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, April 22, Subcommittee 
on Oversight, hearing on the 2015 tax filing season and general operations at the Internal Revenue Service, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
April 22, Full Committee, hearing on the expanding 
American trade with accountability and transparency, 3 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, April 22, Sub-
committee on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Architecture, hearing on USDI budget, 2 p.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
April 23, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats, hearing 
on Department of Energy and Department of Homeland Security budget, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: April 
23, to hold hearings to examine the Armenian genocide and the ongoing quest for justice, 2 p.m., 2175, Rayburn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20AP5.REC D20APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD416 April 20, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, April 21 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Tuesday, April 21 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 1195— 
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of the following measures under suspension of the rules: 1) H.R. 471— Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2015, 2) S. 535—Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015, 3) H. Con. Res. 21—Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby, and 4) H. Con. Res. 25—Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E529 
Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E529 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E529 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D20AP5.REC D20APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST