Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6751 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 1, 2015 No. 143 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Almighty God, we give You thanks 
for giving us another day. 
We pray for the gift of wisdom to all 
with great responsibility in this peo-ple’s House for the leadership of our Nation. 
Along with millions of men and 
women around the world, we join in praying for those in leadership in our world. Those You have entrusted to lead in local and national governments in this Nation and all the nations of the world, guide them, Lord, with wis-dom and truth. 
May they seek You in the decisions 
they make and in the way they live. In praying for them, we are also reminded to pray this morning for those on life’s margins who are affected by extreme poverty, poor health care, polluted and diseased water, unjust societies, divi-sion and terror, and those who do not have the opportunity to receive a qual-ity education. 
Lord, the suffering of our world is all 
around us. Stimulate our hearts and minds so that everything we may do this day would be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Oklahoma (Mr. B RIDENSTINE ) come forward and lead the House in the 
Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE led the Pledge of 
Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
GHIDOTTI HIGH NATIONAL BLUE 
RIBBON SCHOOL 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate William and Mary Ghidotti High School in Grass Valley for being one of the 335 schools to be recognized as a National Blue Ribbon School this year. 
First established by President 
Reagan in 1982, the Blue Ribbon Schools program recognizes excellence in K–12 public and private schools who demonstrate a commitment to closing achievement gaps among student sub-groups. 
This award is certainly fitting for 
Ghidotti. As a small school in Nevada County in northern California, with an emphasis on personalized learning, stu-dents are challenged daily to excel in leadership, technology, and critical thinking, helping them prepare to be college and career ready. 
To the students, teachers, and ad-
ministrators: Congratulations on this distinct honor and thank you for your work in setting the standard of excel-lence in education for our students in northern California. END THE SELECT COMMITTEE ON 
BENGHAZI 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, in a FOX 
News interview yesterday, the Repub-lican speaker-in-waiting admitted to something that we have all known all along, and that is that the real motive of the Select Committee on Benghazi was simply to politically attack and drive down the poll numbers for Hillary Clinton, spending millions of taxpayer dollars for a political mission. 
And, unbelievably, the speaker-in- 
waiting mentioned this in response to a question as to what were the accom-plishments of the Republican Congress, the accomplishments of this Congress. The number one accomplishment that he came up with was to use taxpayer dollars to create a committee for the specific purpose of affecting the Presi-dential campaign and driving down the polling numbers of a Democratic can-didate. 
Is that your job when it took until 
yesterday to get a budget for just 2 months to the floor of this House, but you spend millions of dollars, thou-sands of hours, specifically for the pur-poses of driving down the polling num-bers of a Presidential candidate in the Democratic Party? 
Give me a break. This has gone too 
far. Something needs to change in this House of Representatives. 
f 
CONGRATULATING COLONEL DAVE 
‘‘CHEESE’’ BURGY 
(Mr. BRIDENSTINE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to congratulate Colonel Dave ‘‘Cheese’’ Burgy on his outstanding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC7.000 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6752 October 1, 2015 
leadership as commander of the Okla-
homa Air National Guard’s 138th Fight-er Wing located at the Tulsa Air Na-tional Guard Base. He relinquishes command this Saturday. 
Colonel Burgy received his Air Force 
ROTC commission at Arizona State University. He transitioned to the Oklahoma National Guard as a C–26 in-spector pilot before retraining in the F–16. Colonel Burgy has logged over 3,800 military flight hours and deployed five times to fight our Nation’s wars. 
As the 138th commander since De-
cember 2012, Colonel Burgy led the Air National Guard’s best fighter wing of over 1,200 airmen. He exemplifies the self-sacrifice and patriotism of the cit-izen warriors in the National Guard. 
Colonel Burgy, thank you for your 
outstanding service to the 138th, the National Guard, and our country. 
f 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON BENGHAZI 
(Mr. ELLISON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, we al-
ways knew that K
EVIN MCCARTHY and 
the Republican Caucus had gotten to-gether to set up this Benghazi task force in order to do a political stunt, but I never thought they would admit it. I was shocked. 
I mean, could you imagine me or any 
Member of this House setting up a $4.5 million task force for the sole purpose of electioneering? Everyone in that task force, every staffer, was essen-tially a campaign staffer and, yet, paid for with government money to impact a Presidential election. 
This is a scandal, people. I cannot be-
lieve what I heard. We all knew it was going on, but we couldn’t prove it. Now it is documentary proof in front of lit-erally millions of Americans, bragged about and set out as: Yeah. We did it, and it is an achievement we are proud of. 
Now, if one Member were to use their 
Congressional office to campaign, that would be an ethics complaint. What if a whole caucus does it? 
f 
FIFTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
JAMES A. LOVELL FEDERAL HEALTH CARE CENTER 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to extend my congratulations to the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center on its 5-year anni-versary. 
The Lovell Federal Health Center is 
the Nation’s first and only integrated Department of Veterans Affairs and Department of Defense medical center. In just 5 years, the Center has dem-onstrated the merits of combining two different healthcare systems. 
Through hard work and dedication, 
the Lovell staff has shown that one healthcare facility can annually pro-
vide excellent care to over 90,000 mili-tary personnel, their families, military retirees, and veterans. 
I would like to personally congratu-
late Director Stephan Holt and Deputy Director Navy Captain Bob Buckley. Their vision and enthusiasm facilitated the integration tremendously. 
I look forward to celebrating many 
more anniversaries of the Lovell Fed-eral Health Care Center, and I would like to again congratulate and thank them for their hard work on behalf of our veterans and military personnel. 
f 
HANFORD LAND TRANSFER 
(Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize a significant milestone in Richland, Kennewick, and Pasco, Washington. 
While the Tri-Cities led the way in 
ending World War II and the cold war and was very proud to do so, the Fed-eral Government has a legal and moral obligation to clean up the legacy nu-clear waste at Hanford. This week we celebrate a cleanup milestone and the transfer of more than 1,600 acres of land back to these communities. 
This transfer represents the culmina-
tion of years of local efforts as well as bipartisan, bicameral cooperation. I commend the work of Doc Hastings and Senators M
URRAY and C ANTWELL that 
laid the groundwork for this achieve-ment. 
As Hanford’s cleanup mission is com-
pleted, this unneeded Federal land should continue to be returned to the local community for the goals of con-servation, preservation, public access, and economic development to be achieved. 
This long anticipated land transfer 
will be used for industrial and energy production and creates jobs and boosts economic development in the mid-Co-lumbia region. This week’s transfer is an exciting step for the post-Hanford future. I will continue to work with all parties to have more land returned to the community. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DOLD). Pursuant to clause 4 of rule I, 
the following enrolled bill was signed by the Speaker on Wednesday, Sep-tember 30, 2015: 
H.R. 719, to require the Transpor-
tation Security Administration to con-form to existing Federal law and regu-lations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 3457, JUSTICE FOR VIC-TIMS OF IRANIAN TERRORISM ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MO-TIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-
tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 449 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 449 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3457) to prohibit the lift-ing of sanctions on Iran until the Govern-ment of Iran pays the judgments against it for acts of terrorism, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution shall be considered as adopt-ed. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provi-sions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of En-ergy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. All points of order against the con-ference report and against its consideration are waived. The conference report shall be considered as read. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the con-ference report to its adoption without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate; and (2) one motion to recommit if applicable. 
S
EC. 3. It shall be in order at any time on 
the legislative day of October 1, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her des-ignee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
b0915 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.002 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6753 October 1, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-
olution 449 provides a rule for the con-sideration of H.R. 3457, the Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act, and the conference report to accompany H.R. 1735, the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Mr. Speaker, these two bills are di-
rectly related to one of the most im-portant functions of Congress, which is to provide for the national security of our country. For 53 straight years, Congress has come together in a bipar-tisan fashion to pass a National De-fense Authorization Act to ensure that our military men and women have the resources and the policies they need to do their job. Even in an era of deep par-tisanship in Congress, we have still been able to keep the tradition alive and pass an NDAA each year. This rule would allow us to keep that tradition alive. 
The NDAA process has been a great 
example of following regular order and doing congressional business the way it is supposed to be done. In both the House and the Senate, the respective Armed Services Committees held mul-tiple hearings and markups that al-lowed all Members to have a role in the process. 
Here in the House, the NDAA came 
up for a vote on the floor with a record number of amendments—135, to be exact. It passed with bipartisan sup-port by a vote of 269–151. The Senate followed a very similar process and was able to approve their version of the bill by a vote of 71–125, a veto-proof major-ity. 
Since our bills were different, the 
last few months have been spent in a conference committee to iron out the differences. The bill doesn’t include ev-erything I would like, but it is the true definition of a bipartisan collaborative work product. This NDAA is a textbook example of how Congress should work. 
Despite all of that, I am shocked to 
learn that some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are not sup-porting this critical legislation. Even worse, the President has threatened to veto this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s take a quick look 
at what is going on in the world today. North Korea is trying to develop an ability to deliver a nuclear warhead to our allies in South Korea and to other places. China is building new islands in the western Pacific and daring America to come into what they now claim is their new sea space and airspace. Rus-sia has pushed into Crimea, is consoli-dating its gains in the Donbass; Iran has just now been given the ability to get a nuclear weapon; ISIS and other terrorist groups are running wild in the area that used to be Syria, Iraq, Yemen, and Libya. Now we have Russia 
coming into that same area in Syria and using their jets for military pur-poses and daring us to get in those skies with them. In the middle of all of this, we should 
be having a bipartisan, unified front to tell the world, to tell our adversaries, to tell our allies, and to tell our service men and women that we are united. There is no Republican, there is no Democrat when it comes to the defense policy of this country. 
Instead, we are going to have a de-
bate not about the defense policy of our country, but about whether we are going to fund other functions of gov-ernment, whether we are going to fund the IRS at a high level that the Presi-dent wants, whether we are going to fund the Environmental Protection Agency that is attacking businesses across this country. We are going to talk about all those domestic issues and not talk about the defense of the country at this critical juncture. 
If there ever was a time when we 
should continue that tradition of standing together, it would be today. And for our President, our Commander in Chief, to threaten to veto this bipar-tisan bill is simply beyond belief. 
Now, I expect my friend from Colo-
rado will argue that they oppose this bill because we should be spending more money on nondefense programs, and that is a debate worth having, but this is not the time for that debate. There is nothing more important for us to do today than to make sure that we are standing tall and standing unified for the defense of our country, and we should never ever use the military as a pawn in some political game to in-crease controversial nondefense spend-ing. 
Today’s debate should be about pro-
viding for our Nation’s military men and women and their families, and I hope my colleagues and the President will reconsider their objections. 
This rule also provides for consider-
ation of H.R. 3457, the Justice for Vic-tims of Iranian Terrorism Act. 
A lot has been said on this floor re-
cently about the threat and dangers posed to the United States and our al-lies by the Islamic Republic of Iran. I don’t want to rehash that debate, but I do think it is important to remember that Iran is the top state sponsor of terrorism on the globe. 
Over the past 15 years, more than 80 
judgments have been handed down against Iran under the Foreign Sov-ereign Immunities Act exception for state sponsors of terrorism. These judgments add up to over $43.5 billion in unpaid damages. This straight-forward bill would simply require Iran to pay each of these Federal court judgments before the President can lift, waive, or suspend any sanctions currently in place against Iran. Let me briefly highlight a few examples of these judgments. 
In 1985, a Navy petty officer named 
Robert Stethem was killed during the hijacking of TWA flight 847. Hezbollah, an Iran-financed terrorist organization, 
was found responsible for the hijacking and his family is now owed $329 mil-lion, and that is in a Federal court judgment. My friend from Colorado might be 
particularly interested in this one. Thomas Sutherland, a teacher at Colo-rado State University for 26 years, was the former dean of agriculture at the American University of Beirut. He was kidnapped on June 9, 1985, after Iran di-rected terrorists to kidnap Americans in Lebanon. He was held in prison until November 18, 1991. His judgment is for $323.5 million. 
There is the story of Alan Beer, an 
American living in Israel who was trag-ically killed after the Iranian-backed terrorist organization Hamas blew up a bus in Jerusalem. There is a $300 mil-lion judgment against Iran for Alan’s death. 
These are just a few stories of Ameri-
cans who have been tragically injured, killed, tortured, and kidnapped by Ira-nian-sponsored terrorist organizations. 
I simply can’t understand why some 
of my colleagues and the President won’t support this bill. This shouldn’t be a partisan debate. American courts have already ruled that Iran owes money to these individuals and their families, citizens of the United States. So why is it controversial to require that these payments are made before rewarding Iran with billions of dollars in sanctions relief? 
This bill is really pretty simple to 
me. You can either stand with Amer-ican citizens or you can stand with the Islamic Republic of Iran. You can stand with the Ayatollah or the families of servicemembers who were killed by Iran-backed terrorists. To me, this is an obvious choice. 
Mr. Speaker, both of these bills are 
more than deserving of broad, bipar-tisan support, and I hope that they re-ceive just that. So I urge my colleagues to support this rule. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman from Alabama for yielding me 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
(Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-
mission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position today to this rule and to both of the underlying bills. 
Both of these bills, the conference re-
port to accompany the annual National Defense Authorization Act and the so- called Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act, are simply partisan po-litical charades. They are not a serious effort at the lawmaking process. They are not a serious effort at improving our national defense, nor do they even attempt to solve the problems that the American people want this Congress to take up. 
I would first like to acknowledge 
that at least these two bills are some-what related under this rule. In the past, we have had bills in vastly dis-parate areas. 
A couple of points about these bills: The National Defense Authorization 
bill is not a version of the bill that is going anywhere. It contorts the budget 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.004 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6754 October 1, 2015 
process in a way that doesn’t make 
sense to anybody. It doesn’t make sense to budget hawks or defense hawks, and it is a way that many Mem-bers of the majority party don’t even seem to understand. 
Neither bill will be signed into law. 
The President has indicated he will veto them, nor will consideration of them today here on the floor of the House advance national security one iota. 
Even after knowing the budget plans 
on National Defense Authorization for months, here we have a convoluted bill that won’t make us any safer or finan-cially secure. What it does is it takes the emergency account, the overseas contingency operations fund, and turns it into a slush fund to temporarily fund all kinds of other programs. So effec-tively, it is a deficit spending bill by fudging the different pots of money that we have for defense. 
Now, I should point out this doesn’t 
even appeal to the Pentagon or to the military. The Pentagon strongly dis-likes this plan of using overseas con-tingency money to fund items in the base budget. 
So the question I pose, Mr. Speaker, 
is, if it is not being done to satisfy de-fense hawks and the Pentagon and it is not being done to satisfy budget hawks because it is an increased spending pro-posal, who is the constituency for this and why are people even proposing this? 
Now, it is completely fiscally irre-
sponsible to disregard budget caps in a way that anybody who cares about our deficit should find maddening, and it is why so many of our colleagues on the majority, from what we have heard, had to be pushed to even go along with this highly flawed plan 
As I mentioned, it doesn’t make 
sense to the defense hawk contingency in this body either. The Pentagon does not like the plan. Using short-term money for base funding and long-term problems makes planning and procure-ment nearly impossible on the ground. This budget plan hurts national secu-rity, and it damages our fiscal respon-sibility in our country. 
Like many bills, it is simply not 
going anywhere. The President said he opposes a version of the NDAA with this budget gimmick in it. 
Congress, of course, needs to pass a 
National Defense Authorization bill. Unfortunately, the time that we are spending on this today gets us no clos-er. 
Passing a National Defense Author-
ization Act is very important, and it seems like an obvious and routine thing to do; but with this Congress, nothing is surprising. Even routine matters are made infinitely more dif-ficult as we jump through these self- created hoops to appeal to whoever is yelling loudest at the time, and that seems to be what we are doing today on the floor of this body is turning our na-tional defense into a political football and missing yet another opportunity to provide the stability that our national 
defense needs to defend our country. 
Now, this could have been an oppor-
tunity to address what voters want us to address. We could have talked about an Authorization for Use of Military Force. I have heard from so many of my constituents regarding that. 
We could be talking about the fact 
that just yesterday Russia is sup-posedly bombing targets in Syria in support of Assad, and we have been conducting military operations in that part of the world for over a year with-out a specific Authorization for Use of Military Force. 
We could have talked about Guanta-
namo Bay and how we can approach fi-nally leaving that chapter behind and closing down our extra-legal detention facility there. 
We could have debated how we can 
save money by right-sizing our massive nuclear arsenal that would allow us to blow up the world several times over to meet our needs here in the 21st cen-tury. Perhaps being able to blow up the world once might be enough for our nu-clear arsenal, and that would save a lot 
of money that we could reduce the def-icit with. 
Instead, this bill would have us spend 
billions upon billions of dollars, reas-sign money to a slush fund, blow through budget caps that we put in place to reduce the deficit in support of a war we have never debated, never voted on, and in support of a failed pol-icy in continuing to fight wars that we have not approved and the military ar-senal that was meant to fight a cold war which ended decades ago. 
This is simply a charade that does 
not advance our national security, and I urge my colleagues to reject it. 
The other bill under consideration is 
another charade. It is another symbol of the failure of this body to take up the issues that matter to the American people. It is a bill, as we talked about in our Rules Committee, that had zero hearings, no markup, no amendments, and was rushed to the floor for un-known reasons. This bill serves as nothing more than another attempt to undermine the agreement that pre-vents Iran from developing nuclear weapons. 
Now, Members on my side of the aisle 
were on varied sides of that Iran agree-ment. Some felt that the agreement was the best way to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons. Others felt that there were other ways. But nearly everybody on my side agrees that this bill is simply a terrible idea. 
b0930 
Now we are in the stage of imple-
menting the Iran Nuclear Review Act, consistent with the agreement that was reached to prevent Iran from de-veloping nuclear weapons. If we want to advance national security, let’s have a discussion about how to enforce the agreement to prevent Iran from devel-oping nuclear weapons. 
If there is a problem with the com-
pensation of victims of state terrorism, we should have a broad bipartisan bill 
that addresses that. Iran is one of the countries, but there are certainly other sponsors of state terrorism; and if there is a problem collecting court judgments, let’s add some teeth to that in a bipartisan proposal to do that rather than attach it to sanctions that were put in place for the specific pur-pose of deterring Iran from developing nuclear weapons. 
Congress said that was the purpose of 
those sanctions. They were part of that discussion for Iran to open themselves up to inspections and agree not to de-velop nuclear weapons. This is a sepa-rate and legitimate issue that there are judgments against Iran that are not being enforced. 
There are probably judgments 
against a number of other nation- states that are not being enforced. That is a perfectly fine issue and one that there is no reason in the world for it to be partisan. We should have a thoughtful, deliberative process with hearings and markup in committee with the opportunity to take good ideas from both sides and simply ad-dress that problem to make sure that we add some teeth to the ability to make sure that payments are made to victims of terrorism, a concept that this bill wouldn’t even come close to accomplishing. 
This bill adds no teeth to making 
sure that terrorist victims actually get their money. It merely tries to rein-state sanctions that are tied to the de-velopment of Iran’s nuclear problem. It makes it no more likely that a single victim of terrorism will ever see any kind of restitution. 
Now, if we are serious about national 
defense, what in the world have we been doing the last few days? Because of this body’s inaction in maintaining government funding, you know what the Pentagon has been doing the last few days? They have been focused on planning for a shutdown, because we were just hours away from a shutdown when finally this body figured out how to continue funding national defense. We should have done that weeks ago. 
Why did we put the Pentagon 
through the exercise these last few days of figuring out who had to go home and what missions had to be grounded? Do you think ISIS or Mos-cow or the Assad regime spent yester-day wondering if they would have the money when they showed up for work today? Well, that is what this Congress has done to our military and risks doing again in December when we face another government shutdown. We might as well be telling our generals: ‘‘Okay, keep doing what you are doing, but don’t make any plans to combat ISIS on December 12.’’ 
Well done, Congress. I am sure Amer-
ica and the rest of the world is im-pressed with your work. 
It is completely incongruous to be 
discussing a budget trick for defense authorization just a day after we risked closing down many parts of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.005 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6755 October 1, 2015 
military. Just yesterday, 151 Repub-
licans voted to shut down the Pentagon and the military. They voted to shut down the Department of Homeland Se-curity. They voted to shut down the State Department just because they couldn’t get their way on an unrelated healthcare provision for low-income women. Now, suddenly, the Repub-licans support national security? I don’t think so. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this 
rule and both of the underlying bills. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
The gentleman from Colorado made 
some interesting points. He said this is not serious, that the President is going to veto it. If we go back over the vote total in the Senate, this bill was passed in the Senate by a veto-proof majority. It passed in this House by a near veto- proof majority. If a couple more people from the other side will join with us, we can override that veto, and we would stand united behind our service-men and -women. So it is, indeed, seri-ous. If the President were serious, he wouldn’t be threatening a veto. He would understand the importance at this point in time for the Congress and the President to stand together across party lines. 
We also heard about what is hap-
pening in Syria. I am a member of the House Armed Services Committee. I served on the conference committee that brought this report to us. Let me assure you, Mr. Speaker, this bill con-tains things that are critical to what we are doing in Syria. 
He talked about Guantanamo Bay. 
One of the main items that I was ap-pointed to the conference committee for was for the provision that regards Guantanamo Bay and what we are going to do and not do with the pris-oners there. He talked about the mili-tary’s view of this. I have talked to dozens of generals and admirals about this very issue, and they would like for us to find a different way, but they un-derstand and agree that this way gets us where we need to go. What is impor-tant to them is really not which way we get there but the fact that we get there. This gets us there. 
He talks about the fact that there is 
a failed policy here. There is a failed policy here. It is a failed policy of this administration in the Middle East. If we had done what we should have done in the Middle East, we wouldn’t have Iran nuclearized. We wouldn’t have Russia there flying sorties with their jets and daring the United States. The failure of policy here is the failure of the policy of the President of the United States. 
The House Armed Services Com-
mittee, the Senate Armed Services Committee, Democrats and Repub-licans from both sides here have tried to work together to give the President the authorization he needed to do the right thing, to make sure we don’t have the instability we have today in 
the Middle East. Instead, we have seen a President that seems to be inert, doing nothing. Russia comes in, makes this big play. What is the President doing? Nothing. 
We were asked this time last year to 
authorize the training of certain Syr-ian troops to combat ISIS. Well, they trained 50-some-odd. We have about six left. After all that, a year, all this time, all this money, that is what the failed policy is. The whole idea was not going to work, but we gave him the au-thorization because we are trying to stand behind our President. We are try-ing to push him to do the right thing. Still, nothing happens, except he threatens to veto this bill. 
If he wants to be the Commander in 
Chief that we need, he needs to stand with us. He needs to stand with the Congress. We need to stand together as Republicans and Democrats—we sup-port our men and women in uniform— and do what needs to be done. 
Now, my friend from Colorado ref-
erenced the Iran bill and called it a charade. Let me assure him, this is not a charade to the people who have these judgments. To the people who are vic-tims or the families of victims, this is far from a charade. This will get them real compensation. 
He says that there are no teeth here. 
Well, guess what. The sanctions don’t get lifted unless Iran pays this money. I call that real teeth, because Iran wants that money more than anything else in the world right now because, with that money, they will go out and fund terrorism throughout the Middle East. 
What we will do here is not only get 
money to American people who have been victimized, but we will deny that money to Iran that will use it to fund Hamas and Hezbollah and the Houthis in Yemen. That is what this is all about. This is dead serious. This is as serious as you can possibly get. I wish my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would come together with us so we can do right by the American mili-tary and the men and women that wear our uniform and do right by American citizens who have been victimized by the largest sponsor of state terrorism. 
I have said this before, and I am 
going to say it again, that Iran bill is real clear. You stand with the Aya-tollah or you stand with the United States citizens. It is one or the other. If you stand with the Ayatollah, you stand with the Ayatollah. I am going to stand with the citizens of the United States that have these judgments. They deserve to be paid. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat 
the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up leg-islation that would protect jobs in America to reauthorize the Export-Im-port Bank. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD along with extra-
neous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) to 
discuss our proposal to save American jobs. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to join with me in defeating the previous question so that this body can immediately take up reauthoriza-tion of the Export-Import Bank and, in fact, immediately take up legislation offered by Mr. F
INCHER , a Republican 
who, like many Republicans in this House and every Democrat, supports the reauthorization of an institution that has been reauthorized by this body for eight decades, routinely, that is es-sential to supporting small American manufacturers that I represent back home in Michigan. 
During the recess, I spent some time 
with my local manufacturers. I did a couple manufacturing roundtables; one in Flint, my hometown, and one up in the Tri-Cities. These are small manu-facturers. They are not big companies. No one would recognize their names. They are small manufacturers that have found that they have products that the world wants, but they didn’t feel comfortable entering into that kind of global trade without some help, without some support, without their own government standing behind them where they can. That was what the Ex-port-Import Bank provided for them. They told me, without exception, that the failure of this Congress to reau-thorize the Export-Import Bank puts that kind of trade in jeopardy, puts the company itself in jeopardy, and puts the workers who build great American products that we can sell to the world in a position of some jeopardy as well. 
We don’t agree on a lot of things in 
this body, and that is the way it is sup-posed to be; but when we do agree, the American people expect us to do some-thing about it. We agree in this body on the Export-Import Bank, Democrats and Republicans. Why can’t we see a bill come to the floor to simply reau-thorize something that is essential to supporting American manufacturers, supporting American exports, sup-porting American workers? 
Sadly, almost ironically, there are 
more Republicans in this Congress that support the Export-Import Bank than supported keeping the government open itself. You would think—you would think—that somehow we would figure out a way. 
There is all this talk of bipartisan-
ship. It is just a word unless we do something about it. It doesn’t mean anything unless it translates to some-thing that helps the American worker. Here is a chance to do that. We should bring up the Export-Import Bank reau-thorization, a Republican bill, which I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.006 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6756 October 1, 2015 
will vote for, and we should do it 
today. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I just ob-
served that the gentleman from Michi-gan talked about something that had nothing to do with the defense of this country or getting these judgments paid for American citizens who were victims at the hands of Iran. What he is talking about may be important at a time down the road, but it is not rel-evant to what we are talking about today. 
The bipartisanship we need today is 
to stand up for the American people and defend the American people and to provide for our servicemen and -women, to make the victims of Ira-nian tyranny, make them whole. Let’s get together and be bipartisan about that, and maybe there will be more op-portunities to be bipartisan about these other issues. Let’s not confuse what is on the floor today with what people want to talk about down the road. Let’s have a bipartisan majority, a big bipartisan majority, a veto-proof majority, pass both of these bills. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Just to be clear, what we are offering 
as a previous question, if we win the previous question vote, this bill will then be amended and sent back to in-clude a reauthorization of the Export- Import Bank, so the Democrats are choosing to focus on protecting Amer-ican jobs rather than partisan games. 
Unfortunately, I wish either of these 
two bills under this rule had something to do with national defense. They don’t. One of them diverts money from the overseas contingency fund to a slush fund, which the military says will weaken their ability to prepare for conflict around the world. The other one is another attempt to undermine a deal that prevents Iran from devel-oping nuclear weapons and won’t lead to American victims seeing money. 
If they were serious about making 
sure American victims were com-pensated, we would be talking about putting teeth in the ability of Amer-ican courts to impound assets and make sure that judgments are paid for victims of state terrorism. Why, in-stead, are we seeing a deal that relates only to one particular sponsor of state terrorism and deals with a set of tariffs that were put in place to prevent them from developing nuclear weapons? The tariffs that are in place with regard to Iranian sponsorship of state terrorism are still in place and weren’t even on the table during the discussions around the nuclear agreement. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK), who wants to discuss our 
amendment that will protect and save American jobs. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, one of the previous speakers, the gentleman and my friend from Ala-bama, said today is not the time, it is not now. I want to remind him that in 
my effort here to defeat the previous question so that we may take up reau-thorization of the Export-Import Bank, the charter for the Bank expired 3 months ago yesterday. You are right, the time isn’t now; it was 3 months ago. The fact is, in the ensuing 90 days, there has begun a drumbeat of job loss, concrete and measurable. It is real. 
b0945 
But I want to start over. Today is the 
first day of the new fiscal year for the Federal Government. We can all give at least some thanks that we avoided a government shutdown. So let’s take a fresh start to this thing. Take a step back. 
The truth is, when I am home in the 
district talking with people, an amaz-ing number have a consciousness, an awareness, about the termination of the charter of the Export-Import Bank and its impact. The most frequently asked question I get is, ‘‘How can any-body do that?’’ 
How can anybody do away with an in-
stitution that, as my friend, the gen-tleman from Michigan, Congressman K
ILDEE , so eloquently said, has in 81 
years been almost unanimously reau-thorized 16 times by 13 different Presi-dents and has a track record of reduc-ing the deficit and creating jobs? How can anybody do that? 
That is a very challenging question 
for me to answer. Adherence to ideo-logical purity is just not something somebody can compete with when it stands up against the real-life job loss that we have begun to experience. 
So, in my effort—which I just di-
gressed from—of taking a fresh start, I want to say that this Chamber will take up later today the National De-fense Authorization Act. It is not unre-lated to our effort to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
Some people actually support what 
we call the NDAA because it creates jobs. I frankly don’t think that that is a good reason to support the NDAA. One should support or oppose it be-cause of how it reinforces us and helps us fulfill our national security objec-tives and goals and missions. That is why you support or don’t support the NDAA. But some people do support it because of the jobs it helps create. 
Well, the truth of the matter is, as 
we have said so often, the Export-Im-port Bank also creates jobs. In fact, for the last year for which we have data, it supported 164,000 jobs. 
We have an existential threat to 
those jobs. The fact is, as you all have heard, both General Electric and The Boeing Company have announced lay-offs directly attributable to the demise of the Export-Import Bank. People are not concluding negotiations for foreign sales as a consequence of us not having that arrow in our quiver. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. Mr. HECK of Washington. Because 
the fact of the matter is the Chinese are developing a wide-body aircraft to compete in the international market, code name C919. They think it will be online in 2 years. I think it is more like 10 years. 
They will take business away from 
us. When they do, they will take jobs away from us. And I remind you that China has not one, but four, export credit authorities. 
It is also a relevant issue to the sub-
ject we take up later today—the NDAA—because the truth of the mat-ter is the Export-Import Bank helps protect the homeland very directly. 
There is a lot of talk about rebal-
ancing the Pacific and Asia and the pivot. But the fact of the matter is, in order for us to compete with China, we have to retain the heart of our manu-facturing base. 
And, frankly, the production of air-
craft, in the aggregate, constitutes the largest concentration of engineers and manufacturing capacity within that base. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. This is 
vital to our national security. Imagine a world 20, 30, 40 years from now in which The Boeing Company no longer exists. I don’t want to imagine that fu-ture, but think of what it would it would do to our national security cir-cumstance. It would be devastating to our national security. And we are ceding this territory. We are literally ceding this territory. 
The irony of this debate and why, 
again, I find it so challenging to an-swer the question of why would any-body do this is, truly, if we had never had an Export-Import Bank, we would all be sitting around asking ourselves, ‘‘How do we compete with those other countries, all of whom have export credit authorities?’’ 
We would be devising and standing up 
an Export-Import Bank and we would say, ‘‘What do we want that to look like?’’ First of all, we want it to sup-port American jobs. Secondly, we would say we want it to protect Amer-ican taxpayers and not have them on the hook. Well, guess what, my friends. We already have—or had—that institu-tion. 
The Export-Import Bank in the last 
generation has transferred billions of dollars to the Treasury and reduced the deficit. The Export-Import Bank has helped create and support millions of jobs. 
If you want to compete in the global 
economy, you need an export credit au-thority that creates jobs. Please defeat the previous question and take up the issue of reauthorization of the Export- Import Bank. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate the words of my good 
friend from the State of Washington, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.007 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6757 October 1, 2015 
my co-chair for the Singapore Caucus. 
I know that he feels those words deep-ly. I agree with him that manufac-turing is very important to this coun-try. 
Manufacturing aircraft is very im-
portant to my district. We just opened up 3 weeks ago an Airbus facility that will make competing aircraft against Boeing. It is good for America to have competition. So I certainly agree with him about that. 
It has nothing to do with these two 
bills. We are here today again, amaz-ingly, talking about the most impor-tant thing we do in our government, and we get off on a side issue. It is a side issue today. It may be a big issue tomorrow. But today we are here to talk about these two bills. 
My friend from Colorado for the sec-
ond time has referred to the overseas contingency fund as a slush fund. The President of the United States, Presi-dent Obama, has asked for that fund every year that he has been President, and we, the Congress, have given him that fund every year that he has been President. 
I don’t think when the President 
asked for it or when the Congress gave it to him either side thought we were giving a slush fund. It has been used to protect the people of the United States. Everyone has agreed on that. It only became a slush fund when they didn’t want it to be used for a particular pur-pose. It is not a slush fund. 
The purposes for which it will be used 
are spelled out in detail in the National Defense Authorization Act, an act, as I said, we have gone through in both Houses, through committees and floor debate and this very lengthy process of trying to get to this conference report. This is not a slush fund. This is some-thing that is necessary to defending the country. 
So I hope, instead of using terms like 
that, which, quite frankly, does not re-flect very well on President Obama, who asked for it, I think we should use other terms. 
And let’s get back to the heart of 
this argument: Are we going to stand together for the defense of this country or are we not? Are we going to stand with Ayatollah or are we going to stand with the people who have been harmed by the Ayatollah. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
We haven’t even passed an Authoriza-
tion for Use of Military Force to estab-lish the legal way for who we are sup-posed to be fighting against. We are still operating under the post-9/11 Au-thorization for Use of Military Force that names al Qaeda. But if you talk to most military experts, al Qaeda is not the preeminent threat today. 
There are a lot of threats in the 
world, including ISIS, including threats in the Syrian civil war, includ-ing threats of the resurgence of the Taliban in Afghanistan, and this body needs to take up an Authorization for Use of Military Force to ensure that 
funds that we appropriate for defense are used in a way that Congress is aware of and has oversight of. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank 
my good friend from Colorado for man-aging this bill. 
Let me also thank the majority man-
ager as well for coming to the floor and doing the people’s bidding. 
Although we disagree in both the 
purpose of the underlying bill and its effectiveness, there is no doubt that this bill has a good cause. None of us take a backseat to protecting the American people, to seeking compensa-tion, to bringing those who are missing or those who have been captured on false terms back home to American soil. And I stand here to make that commitment. 
As well, I recognize that we are going 
down the trail, Mr. Speaker, that we have done for the Affordable Care Act, one more attempt to undermine a le-gitimately debated initiative—the Iran nonnuclear proliferation—where Mem-bers made a conscious decision, per-sonal decision, on reflecting on the best direction for the American people. 
In both the Senate and the proce-
dures set out for this Congress to de-termine whether this bill, this initia-tive, will be turned back, it did not work. So it is the law of the land. It is an effort to ensure peace, to reconcile in the area, to stop the proliferation of nuclear weapons by Iran. It does not in any way diminish the United States’ stance on Iran’s terrorist activities. It does none of that. 
But this legislation, under the pre-
tense of not allowing the sanctions to be relieved, has a very key component and a number of measures in that ini-tiative. It has a number of measures, another roadblock, before those sanc-tions will be removed. It is under the pretense of dealing with the individuals who we all want to be brought home. 
I don’t know how this Congress does 
not know of the negotiations and the engagement that is going on, but they know that this is legislation that will be vetoed by the President. 
I say this in the backdrop of the 
Madison Papers, No. 51, that says, ‘‘Justice is the end of government.’’ It means that we on this floor must do things that really get us in the direc-tion of justice, the end result for the American people. 
The reason why I am so disappointed 
is I listened to my two colleagues speak eloquently about the Export-Im-port Bank. I can tell them that I was in Africa with the President, and an American stood up and pleaded that he was going to lose 400 jobs if we could not get that Export-Import Bank. I hesitate to think that his contract and his engagement—what we asked him to do—has collapsed. 
Mr. Speaker, let me repeat again, 
‘‘Justice is the end of government.’’ So here we are on a bill that is going to be 
a copycat of what we are doing with the Affordable Care Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I am so dis-
appointed, Mr. Speaker, because here I am on the floor discussing justice and we have yet another disappointing rep-resentation of this Congress when a leader of the Congress can speak and say that the Benghazi Committee is only a farce, it was only used to be-smirch a public servant. 
That is not what Madison wanted for 
this Nation. They didn’t want us to stop the economic engine for the Ex-port-Import Bank. They didn’t want us to over and over attack the Affordable Care Act that has been passed and upheld by the Supreme Court. They didn’t want us to pass a bill like the underlying deal blocking the Iran sanc-tions process of the bill that we passed to stop nuclear proliferation. 
They didn’t want us to do that, Mr. 
Speaker. They wanted us to have jus-tice established, and they wanted us to do what is right for the American peo-ple. 
I ask for a vote against the rule and 
the underlying bill. Justice should be the end of government, not what we are doing here today. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I would just note that 
the gentlewoman from Texas talked about justice. One of the bills that is in this rule is the Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act. 
It is about justice for the victims and 
for the families, victims of state-spon-sored terrorism by Iran. This doesn’t undo the Iranian deal. If Iran pays the judgments, the deal goes forward. That is the law. 
So I would disagree with the gentle-
woman with regard to the whole con-cept of justice. This rule contains a bill that is directly about justice. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
It is remarkable the gentleman from 
Alabama hasn’t been able to find any other Republicans to support these bills and come down and help him argue. I think that that speaks vol-umes about how these bills are simply not consistent with promoting our na-tional defense and are fiscally irrespon-sible. They don’t please the defense hawks or the budget hawks. So my poor colleague, Mr. B
YRNE , is left alone 
to fend for himself. 
Here we are, trying to use the contin-
gency funding as base funding and use it to somehow form the base from which our military must fund its ev-eryday operations. The commanders and generals all agree this is a bad idea, and the gentleman from Alabama has even acknowledged that. 
Here we are, discussing a bill that 
won’t result in any of the victims of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.008 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6758 October 1, 2015 
state-sponsored terrorism actually see-
ing their settlement, when there is an-other path and we certainly could have a deliberative process around a bill that empowers the impoundment and collection of assets from state sponsors of terrorism States here in our country to ensure that victims see their judg-ments. 
b1000 
What this bill does is it ties it to an 
unrelated set of sanctions that were put in place to prevent Iran from devel-oping nuclear weapons to settlement of these claims when, actually, we should be giving our courts, or if we are con-cerned about this issue with regard to settlements against sponsors of state terrorism, we should give courts the in-creased ability to make sure that they can see that restitution and impound assets from sponsors of state terrorism. 
Now, Democrats have come down and 
offered something, if we defeat the pre-vious question, that actually will im-prove our national defense. It will en-sure that we have a strong aerospace industry here in our country. 
The gentleman from Alabama has 
mentioned that Airbus is in his dis-trict. Well, Airbus is a company that will do very well if we fail to authorize the Export-Import Bank because it will put American competitors like Boeing and Lockheed at a significant dis-advantage. 
Now, I hope that we are fighting to 
ensure that America maintains its aerospace capacity and leadership and we don’t cede all of that to European companies like Airbus that are wel-come to compete on a level playing field. It is critical for our national se-curity that we have the ability to lead the world as we have in the aerospace industry. 
I also want to bring up that we 
should be discussing an Authorization for Use of Military Force. The National Defense Authorization Act does con-tain some parameters about how money is used, but it is not a sub-stitute for an Authorization for Use of Military Force, and we should be hav-ing that debate. 
Who are we even fighting? Who are 
we even fighting? I don’t think that most people believe that it is still al Qaeda from the post-9/11 Authorization for Use of Military Force. 
Now, I don’t know what to call what 
we are doing in Iraq and Syria. Maybe it is a war. Maybe it is a security oper-ation. Maybe it is occasional support to some Syrian rebels or support to the Iraqi Government or on-and-off com-mitment to the Kurds. But whatever it is, I don’t think it is what Congress voted for in 2001 or 2003, before I was here, before Mr. B
YRNE was here, before 
the vast majority of this body that cur-rently serves was even here. 
Those authorizations should be in the 
history books, not being invoked as legal justification for conducting oper-ations in a world, in 2015, which is vast-ly different than the world of 2001 and 2003. And who knows how much longer 
or how many different wars or security operations will continue to be adminis-tered if Congress doesn’t finally specify and do our job with regard to an Au-thorization for Use of Military Force. 
Now, that is a hard debate. It is a 
hard issue. It is not a partisan debate. There are Democrats and Republicans on all sides; and many Members, when we have that debate, will make sure that we have the very best information to act on. 
But since we authorized military 
force against al Qaeda and ‘‘affiliated’’ groups in 2001, there have been over 300 new Members of Congress elected, so the vast majority of this body, includ-ing myself and Mr. B
YRNE , including 
Mr. H ECK, including Mr. K ILDEE —I be-
lieve, of all of us. I believe Ms. J ACKSON  
LEEwas the only one who was actually 
here when we even had that discussion. The rest of us talking about defense and NDAA didn’t even play any role in choosing what the target and what our focus of our national security oper-ations are. 
The American people deserve and de-
mand this debate. They don’t want yet another fight with Congresspeople playing budget tricks around defense. They want to know what our Nation’s plan is for the operations that have been ongoing. They want to see Con-gress take its constitutional respon-sibilities for actions in the world. 
And whether any one of us ulti-
mately votes in favor or against an Au-thorization for Use of Military Force, we all, I hope, are for the debate, and we should join in demanding one. 
On the conference report, Madam 
Speaker, this plan will not work, will not become law. The President will veto it. The generals oppose it. The budget hawks oppose it. No one even came down to join Mr. B
YRNE in argu-
ing for it. It is a terrible plan. It will hurt our national defense. We need to defeat it. 
The Iran bill tries to get at a legiti-
mate issue in completely the wrong way. It is not a partisan issue that we want to see restitution for victims of state terrorism. Let’s get into that act and look at the enforcement mecha-nisms rather than try to use these vic-tims as yet another attempt to go after the deal that prevents Iran from devel-oping nuclear weapons. 
I think it is clear from our Rules 
Committee debate that everyone sup-ports efforts for American victims of terrorism to pursue compensation. The Iran nuclear agreement has nothing to do with that, and it certainly doesn’t prevent that from happening. 
No matter what country, whether it 
is Iran or other sponsors of state ter-rorism, we all remain committed to this process of seeing justice. Under-mining the ability to enforce a nuclear agreement is not the proper way or even a relevant way to achieve this goal. 
The reauthorization of the Export- 
Import Bank is ready to go. If we de-feat the previous question, we will 
bring it to the floor. We have the votes in the House. I hope my colleague, Mr. B
YRNE from Alabama, will join us in 
that vote if we can defeat the previous question. We have the votes in the Sen-ate, the President. We can stop this un-necessary loss of jobs every single day in districts across our country solely due to our inability to act. 
Hopefully, we can move to take up 
highway authorization, ESEA, immi-gration reform, raising the minimum wage. These are some of the issues that I hear from my constituents about every day that we need to act on. So rather than waste time, waste money, hurt our national defense, let’s get to work and accomplish something. 
I urge my colleagues to defeat the 
previous question and defeat the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate Mr. P
OLIS being con-
cerned that I am here by myself. I think it has been a good debate, and I know I have the full support of my col-leagues behind me, and there will be a number of them here to debate the bill when it comes up after we adopt this rule. 
It is extremely important that we 
understand what we are about in these two bills. It is not about the Export- Import Bank. It is not about immigra-tion. It is not about any of the other issues that he brought up. It is about defending the American people and making victims of Iran terrorism whole. That is what it is about. 
Now, I have seen the public opinion 
polls on national security. National se-curity has rocketed up to be the num-ber one issue for the people of America. I didn’t need to see those polls. I have done 18 townhall meetings in the last several weeks in my district, and I have looked my constituents in the eyes and heard their concerns. 
They don’t bring up the Export-Im-
port Bank to me. They bring up the fact that they are worried about what is happening to our country’s standing abroad. They are worried about what is going on with these brutal terrorists in the Middle East. They are worried about the fact that we have just given Iran a nuclear weapon. They are wor-ried about whether we are going to have an adequate defense to continue to protect them, as we have for decades now, in a bipartisan fashion. That is what they are worried about, and that is what they expect us to come here and do something about. 
These two bills do something very 
important. The National Defense Au-thorization Act, for 53 years, has been passed in a bipartisan fashion, which has said to the world, which has said to our allies, which has said to our en-emies, which has said to the men and women in uniform in the United States of America, we stand as one. 
Now this President and some—not all 
of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle—some of my colleagues on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.009 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6759 October 1, 2015 
the other side of the aisle are going to 
break that, after five decades, at this critical time. I find that hard to be-lieve, but I accept the fact that it is nonetheless true. 
I would plead with them to recon-
sider that. I would plead with the President, who is our Commander in Chief, not to veto this bill. This is critically important at a critically im-portant time. 
On the Justice for Victims of Iranian 
Terrorism Act, you know, we don’t get very many opportunities where we in this body can do something that will directly bring some measure of com-pensation to people, citizens of the United States, who have been victim-ized by the largest state sponsor of ter-rorism in the world. We don’t get very many opportunities like that, and we have it right now this with this bill. We have the opportunity to make them whole, or come close to making them whole. 
They have got judgments from 
courts, valid judgments; and with the passage of this bill, which should truly be a bipartisan thing, and if the Presi-dent signs it, with passage of this bill, we could give it to them. What a won-derful thing we could give to them after all the suffering they have been through. We would deny them that be-cause we want to stand with the Aya-tollah, because we think Iran is more important than they are? 
If we think for one second that Iran 
is going to take this money that is going to be released and use it for good and peaceful purposes, we are exces-sively naive. They are going to take this money, based upon what they have done in the past and what they are doing today, and they will use it to fund Hezbollah, Hamas, the Houthis, and other terrorist groups around the Middle East and perhaps around the world not just against other people outside the United States, against peo-ple in the United States. So by passing that bill, we deny them tens of billions of dollars. They won’t be able to use it for that. 
I wish that, for once, we could come 
into this room, on something of this magnitude and stand shoulder to shoul-der, not as Democrats, not as Repub-licans, but as Americans, which we have done for decades. It saddens me that the President and some of the members of his own party in this House would not do that. 
So I beg my colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle to reconsider, and I beg the President of the United States to reconsider. There has never been a more important time for us to stand together for the defense of this country and for the men and women in uniform. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 449 O FFERED BY  
MR. POLIS OF COLORADO  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 4. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House 
resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3611) to reauthorize and reform the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not ex-ceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 3611. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule ....  When the 
motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ). The question is on ordering 
the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Madam Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 237, nays 180, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 529] 
YEAS—237 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock 
Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.011 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6760 October 1, 2015 
Joyce 
Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) 
Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent 
Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—180 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards 
Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—17 
Bishop (GA) 
Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Conyers Culberson Gutie´rrez 
Hudson Kelly (IL) Neal Nunes Payne Perlmutter 
Pompeo Reichert Whitfield Yoho 
b1039 
Messrs. CONNOLLY and HOYER 
changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. YODER changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. BRADY of Texas. Madam Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 529, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, earlier 
today, I was unavoidably detained and was not able to vote on the Motion Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule for H.R. 3457, rollcall vote 529. Had I been able to vote, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Madam Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 241, noes 181, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 530] 
AYES—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman 
Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter 
Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch 
Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee 
Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC7.003 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6761 October 1, 2015 
Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—12 
Brady (TX) 
Brown (FL) Culberson Gutie´rrez Hudson 
Kelly (IL) Neal Perlmutter Pompeo 
Reichert Whitfield Yoho 
b1049 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with amendments in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 2617. An act to amend the Fair Min-
imum Wage Act of 2007 to postpone a sched-uled increase in the minimum wage applica-ble to American Samoa. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has passed a bill of the fol-lowing title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 2078. An act to reauthorize the United 
States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom, and for other purposes. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF IRANIAN 
TERRORISM ACT 
Mr. ROYCE. Madam Speaker, pursu-
ant to House Resolution 449, I call up the bill (H.R. 3457) to prohibit the lift-ing of sanctions on Iran until the Gov-ernment of Iran pays the judgments against it for acts of terrorism, and for other purposes, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 449, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute printed in House Report 114–273, is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 3457 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice for 
Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON LIFTING OF SANCTIONS 
ON IRAN PENDING PAYMENT OF CERTAIN JUDGMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the President may not take any of the actions described in sub-section (b) until the President has certified to the Congress that the Government of Iran has paid each judgment against Iran that is 
described in subsection (c). 
(b) A
CTIONS DESCRIBED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The actions described in 
this subsection are the following: 
(A) To waive, suspend, reduce, provide re-
lief from, or otherwise limit the application of sanctions described in paragraph (2) or re-frain from applying any such sanctions. 
(B) To remove a foreign person listed in 
Attachment 3 or Attachment 4 to Annex II of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action from the list of specially designated nation-als and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the De-partment of the Treasury. 
(2) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions 
described in this paragraph are— 
(A) the sanctions described in sections 4 
through 7.9 of Annex II of the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action; and 
(B) the sanctions described in any other 
agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran that includes the United States, com-mits the United States to take action, or pursuant to which the United States com-mits or otherwise agrees to take action, re-gardless of the form it takes, whether a po-litical commitment or otherwise, and re-gardless of whether it is legally binding or not. 
(c) J
UDGMENTS .—A judgment is a judgment 
described in this subsection if it is a final judgment entered by the courts of the United States or of the States— 
(1) that relates to a claim— (A) that was brought against Iran or its po-
litical subdivisions, agencies, or instrumen-talities (regardless of whether the claim was also brought, or the resulting judgment was also entered, against another defendant); and 
(B) for which the court determined that 
Iran (or its political subdivisions, agencies, or instrumentalities, as the case may be) was not immune from the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States or of the States under section 1605A, or section 1605(a)(7) (as such section was in effect on January 27, 2008), of title 28, United States Code; and 
(2) that was entered during the period be-
ginning on April 24, 1996, and ending on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) J
OINT COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION  
DESCRIBED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action’’ means the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, agreed to at Vienna on July 14, 2015, by Iran and by the People’s Republic of China, France, Ger-many, the Russian Federation, the United Kingdom and the United States, with the High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, and all implementing materials and agreements related to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California (Mr. R OYCE ) 
and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to sub-mit extraneous materials on this meas-ure. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of this bill. 
This is the Justice for Victims of Ira-nian Terrorism Act. 
I appreciate the work of the bill’s au-
thor, Mr. M
EEHAN of Pennsylvania. He 
has worked very hard on this. There are about 100 cosponsors in this House. 
On the Foreign Affairs Committee, 
we have made Iran the central focus of our work. As a matter of fact, we have had over 30 hearings and briefings so far on Iran and on the dangerous nu-clear agreement that was struck with this state sponsor of terrorism. 
Madam Speaker, since coming to 
power in the late 1970s—well, 1979—the Iranian regime has funded terrorist groups such as Hezbollah and Hamas and directed their operations. 
Now, the way they do that is they 
have a special force. It is called the Quds Force. It is headed up by General Soleimani. He is in charge of assassina-tions outside the country, assassina-tions of U.S. targets, by the way, be-sides other targets. 
Recently you will have heard of Gen-
eral Soleimani because—by the way, European sanctions are going to be lift-ed on him under this agreement, but you will have read or heard that he traveled—he traveled—to Moscow to meet with Putin. As a result of those meetings, you will notice the discus-sions about weapons coming from Rus-sia into Syria into the hands of the Quds Forces. 
So we look at what he has done and 
what U.S. courts have done as a result. There have been 80 separate attacks on U.S. installations and U.S. individuals. We remember the 1983 bombing of the U.S. marine barracks in Beirut, the 1996 bombing of the Khobar Towers in Saudi Arabia. Those two attacks killed 260 American servicemen and left their widows and left children to be raised by one parent. 
There are judgments that have been 
rendered that direct payment from Iran to these families, to the victims’ families. Unfortunately, under the For-eign Sovereign Immunities Act, even though this reward has been given, even though U.S. victims of state-spon-sored terrorism got their day in court, and even though they have brought the suits in U.S. courts and had the right to collect these damages, Iran has not as of yet paid. 
U.S. courts have held Iran liable for 
the attacks carried out by its terrorist proxies when those attacks were or-chestrated and paid for by the Iranian regime. The judgments that remain outstanding are $43.5 billion in unpaid damages for those 80 cases over the last decade and a half. 
In one case, $9 billion was awarded to 
the victims of the bombing of the ma-rine barracks in 1983. Again, the Gov-ernment of Iran was found responsible through lawful proceedings in a U.S. court. That judgment remains unpaid. 
Madam Speaker, the Obama adminis-
tration during its negotiations with Iran did not seek for Iran to com-pensate the families of those whose 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC7.005 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6762 October 1, 2015 
lives were taken by Iranian terrorism 
despite these U.S. court judgments. That is very much in contrast with our past procedure. 
In the case of Libya, for example, a 
decade ago, when we reached that agreement with Libya, the U.S. secured the right or the demand that the Qa-dhafi regime compensate the victims of the attacks, such as the bombing of Pan Am 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland. That was $2.5 billion. That was done. That is our procedure. 
Iran will soon obtain $100 billion, ap-
proximately, in unfrozen assets as well as immeasurable economic and finan-cial benefits by escaping the sanctions regime and reintegrating into the glob-al economy. Iran will get sanctions lifted and American victims will still be out in the cold. That is not right. 
This legislation would address that 
injustice. It is straightforward. It would say that, of the $100 billion and some in sanctions relief, those judg-ments will be paid out of that. That $43 billion will be paid to the survivors of those families of those 80 attacks or-chestrated, paid for, by Iran. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
Washington, DC, September 30, 2015. 
Hon. E DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House 
of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing with re-
spect to H.R. 3457, the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act,’’ which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 3457 involves issues that fall within 
Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite the House’s consideration of H.R. 3457, the Committee on Ways and Means will not assert its jurisdictional claim over this bill by seeking a sequential referral. How-ever, this is conditional on our mutual un-derstanding and agreement that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdic-tion of the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future ju-risdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate a response to this letter 
confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3457, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 3457. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULD. R YAN, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, September 30, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN RYAN: Thank you for con-
sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 3457, the Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act, which involves issues within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and for agreeing to forgo a sequential referral request so that it may proceed expeditiously to the Floor. 
I agree that your forgoing further action 
on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would sup-
port your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 3457 
into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with the Committee on Ways and Means as this meas-ure moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, September 28, 2015. 
Hon. E DROYCE , 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with 
respect to H.R. 3457, the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act,’’ which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 3457 involves issues that fall within 
the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite the House’s consideration of H.R. 3457, the Committee on the Judiciary will not assert is jurisdictional claim over this bill by seeking a sequential referral. How-ever, this is conditional on our mutual un-derstanding and agreement that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdic-tion of the Committee on the Judiciary with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the sub-ject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate a response to this letter 
confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3457, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 3457. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, September 28, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-
sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 3457, the Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act, which involves issues within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and for agreeing to forgo a sequential referral request so that it may proceed expeditiously to the Floor. 
I agree that your forgoing further action 
on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, or prejudice its ju-risdictional prerogatives on this bill or simi-lar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this legislation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 3457 
into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with the Committee on the Judiciary as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to the bill. 
Let me start by acknowledging my 
friend, Chairman R OYCE . The Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs is the most bipartisan committee in Congress. We are collaborative, we are productive, and we have built a record advancing bipartisan legislation that promotes American interests abroad and keeps the American people safe. I want to state that Chairman R
OYCE ’s leader-
ship is to thank for much of our com-mittee’s good work. 
So I am disappointed that the House 
Republican leadership decided to ig-nore regular order on this bill. They have rushed it to the floor without any consideration by the Foreign Affairs Committee. As has been pointed out, 
we have had 30 hearings. We know a lit-tle bit about Iran on the Foreign Af-fairs Committee. 
So rushing it to the floor without 
any consideration by the Foreign Af-fairs Committee is wrong. I think it is a shame. Because I think, left to our own volition, we could have sent for-ward a bill that could make a dif-ference for the victims of Iranian-spon-sored terrorism. Iranian-sponsored ter-rorism is there, it is palpable, and we should do something to try to help the victims. 
But this bill, on the other hand, 
would not do that. Let me explain why. American courts have awarded roughly $46 billion to about 1,300 victims and their families. We all want justice for these families. We all want to hold Iran accountable for its act of terrorism against Americans. Iran should pay these claims. But this bill does nothing for the victims of Iranian terror. 
Here is the problem. Let’s assume for 
argument that Iran’s leaders did change course and decide to pay the claims. This bill would actually make it more difficult for Iran to pay these judgments. 
Iran owes American claimants $46 
billion, but Iran has access to $20 bil-lion of its cash reserves, not $46 billion. The rest—$95 billion—is frozen in bank accounts in Europe and Asia. 
On top of that, Iran’s oil revenues are 
frozen. When Iran sells oil, the pay-ments are kept frozen under the threat of American sanctions, which I sup-port. Iran can access these funds only for certain purposes. Paying court judgments is not one of them. Current U.S. sanctions don’t allow it. 
b1100 
And under this bill, all U.S. sanctions 
are kept in effect, absolutely no changes allowed, until Iran pays the full $46 billion. 
So where would Iran get the money 
to pay the American claims? 
The bill says: Iran, pay the claims, 
but you can’t have any of the funds to pay them. So it is a catch-22. And who does it hurt? Not Iran. It hurts the vic-tims. Not a single claim would be paid under this bill. So, in my opinion, this bill offers nothing but false hope. 
Now, I have heard some Members 
say, well, we can pay the claims by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.018 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6763 October 1, 2015 
seizing Iran’s frozen assets, but that is 
really not the case. Virtually all of Iran’s funds frozen under our sanctions are overseas, not in the U.S. Though they are frozen by U.S. sanctions, they are beyond the jurisdiction of our courts to seize them. 
Another false promise: virtually all 
of Iran’s assets will stay overseas. Under this bill, they would be required to be kept overseas because all U.S. sanctions would be kept in effect by law with no change allowed. 
So let’s be honest. This bill is not 
really about helping these victims. It is about exploiting their plight and their tragedy to make a political splash. 
Look, everyone here knows I am no 
fan of the Iran nuclear agreement. I voted against it, but the other side won. Whether you are for or against the deal, it is time to be realistic about what happens next. 
In my opinion, there were two poten-
tial courses. The first is to do every-thing we can to strengthen enforce-ment of the agreement and hold Iran to its commitments. We should double down on our support for friends and al-lies in the region. We should crack down on Iran’s support for terrorist or-ganizations. We should push leaders in Tehran to release detained Americans and improve its abysmal record on human rights. That is the course I hope we will take. I will soon introduce leg-islation to pursue those aims, and I will work with members of both parties to get these measures to the Presi-dent’s desk. 
The other course would be doing to 
the Iran agreement what leaders on the other side have tried to do to the Af-fordable Care Act, and that is what I am afraid of here: vote after vote after vote after vote, whether we like it or not, on an issue that has already been voted on by this Chamber many, many times. I don’t want the dispute on Iran to turn into the Affordable Care Act where we try to kill it 60 different ways. 
We should not be using this for polit-
ical purposes. We should be passing leg-islation, which I know we can get out of the Foreign Affairs Committee in a collaborative way, that would really do something to help these victims, that would really do something to hold Iran accountable for all its reprehensible acts. So I hope that what we are doing today is not the path we are going down not only now, but in the future with other things. 
There was a measure in the Senate 
that was very similar to this, which tried to hold Iran to certain things and say that the funds couldn’t be released unless Iran did this or did that. We could do this another 60 times; it would be counterproductive. Let’s put our heads together. Let’s figure out a way that we can continue to hold Iran ac-countable, and let’s move on that way. 
So I hope we can move past this bill 
and start working on measures to en-sure that the Iran agreement is imple-mented as strongly and stringently as possible. I hope we can get back to our 
regular practice in the Foreign Affairs Committee of which we have been so proud and focus on making policy that leaves politics at the water’s edge. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. The administration is 
arguing, Mr. Speaker, that although the Iranian regime has access to over $20 billion and that this judgment is $43 billion, there isn’t enough money there to make payment. In addition to the 20-some billion, Iran is in the process right now of negotiation and paying and supporting in transfers to other re-gimes. 
For example, a report out this week 
says Iran is purchasing $21 billion of airplanes and satellites from Russia. That is $21 billion. Iran somehow has the money to do that, but it doesn’t have the money for this claim. 
A report out about a month ago says 
that Iran’s annual support for Hezbollah is over $100 million per year. Somehow they have got the spending cash for that. 
It is providing the Syrian regime, one 
estimate of one of the think tanks here in town is that they have provided them a little over $10 billion a year. 
So Iran somehow has the discre-
tionary money for these other pur-poses, but not for the purpose of the judgments won in U.S. court for over 1,000 victims or family members of the victims of their attacks. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. P
OE), chairman of the 
Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank Mr. M
EEHAN for this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, the Iranian ayatollah 
has preached and practiced ‘‘Death to America’’ since the 1970s. 
Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism. 
Iran has been sued in Federal courts by the families of the murdered victims. Iran is guilty of the murder of 421 Americans in Beirut, Lebanon, in 1983. Iran is guilty of the murder of 19 serv-icemembers and injuring 372 others in Saudi Arabia in 1996. Iran is guilty of murdering a thousand other Ameri-cans, including some in Iraq and Af-ghanistan. 
Federal courts have awarded the vic-
tim and families over $40 billion for these crimes, but Iran will not pay. It laughs at the death of the innocent it has murdered. It laughs at American justice. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, it is about time 
for the long arm of American justice to hold Iran accountable for its sins— make them pay. 
I don’t understand why some appeas-
ers are more concerned about the mur-derous Iranian regime than they are about justice, justice for the victims that were murdered by this regime. 
Let the ayatollah know he cannot 
get a diplomatic pass or sanctions re-lief until he pays for his crimes. The ayatollah has sown the seeds of mur-der, and now it is time for Iran to reap the consequences of their crimes. It seems to me that the voices of the 
murdered cry out for us to do some-thing for justice, justice for them that has been too long waiting. This bill, in my opinion, will do it. 
It is about time we have justice be-
cause justice is what we are supposed to do in this country. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this par-ticular bill. 
You know, once we were able to se-
cure this negotiation and once the deal was put in place, the focus of our at-tention should shift to making sure that Iran lives up to its commitments, and we should use this prior negotia-tion as a template for negotiating other issues, including the captives, in-cluding the interests of these victims talked about here today. 
What this bill does is it handcuffs the 
President and says that the President doesn’t have any discretion to do his end of this bargain, to exercise his dis-cretion to forward and help America and the P5+1 live up to our end of the bargain. That is the wrong way to go. 
So I can credit the authors of this 
bill with having good intentions, but I think that the method that they are going about it is just wrong. 
Let’s use the template that has been 
developed through the negotiation process to go back and say, ‘‘Okay, now we got other things we want to talk to you about,’’ rather than pass legisla-tion on this floor that will do nothing other than hamstring the President. It is the wrong way to do it. It is a mis-take, and it should be voted down. 
Mr. ROYCE. I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, in 1983, 241 American service-men in Beirut were killed and another 60 injured by a car bomb. 
One of the Marines murdered was my 
constituent, Paul Innocenzi III, who lived with his young family in my hometown of Hamilton. In my second term as Congressman, I joined mourn-ers at his funeral. I will never forget the agony and the sorrow of his family. Iranian terrorism killed Paul Innocenzi and, over the decades, has killed or maimed thousands of other Americans. 
A Federal court, Mr. Speaker, found 
that the 1983 bombing was ‘‘beyond question’’ perpetrated by ‘‘Hezbollah and its agent who received massive ma-terial and technical support from the Iranian Government.’’ Later a three- judge Federal appeals court panel ap-proved $1.75 billion in judgment against Iran for the 1983 bombing and some other Iranian acts of terror. 
Today Iran is poised to get billions of 
dollars through so-called sanctions re-lief for an egregiously flawed com-prehensive plan of action, money that will procure for Iran a significantly larger arsenal of sophisticated weapons 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.020 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6764 October 1, 2015 
and an enhanced capability to ter-
rorize, murder, and destabilize. 
The chairman talked about Iran’s $21 
billion weapons purchase from Russia. Billions more to Iran will exponen-tially increase weapons buys. The Jus-tice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act authored by P
ATMEEHAN says not 
so fast. 
The President has said he will veto 
this bill. That is wrong, Mr. Speaker. That is uncaring, it is unacceptable, it is unconscionable. And does a grave disservice to American victims of Ira-nian terrorism. 
Support court-ordered victim pay-
ments by the terrorist State of Iran. Fundamental justice demands that this bill become law. 
Mr. Speaker, what was previously unaccept-
able—an Iranian nuclear state—is now inevi-table under the terms and conditions of what is officially known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. 
Tragically, the deal is riddled with serious 
flaws, gaps, and huge concessions to Iran. Taken as a whole, this egregiously flawed deal poses an existential threat to Israel, our allies in the region—and poses significant risks to the United States. 
Today Iran is poised to get billions of dollars 
through so-called sanctions relief—money that will procure for Iran a significantly larger arse-
nal of sophisticated weapons and an en-hanced capability to terrorize, murder and de-stabilize. 
The Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism 
Act (H.R. 3457) authored by Pat Meehan says not so fast. 
The bill prohibits the President from waiving 
sanctions until Iran pays its more than $44.5 billion in court ordered damages to thousands of victims and survivors of Iranian terror at-tacks. 
To date, the U.S. Department of State has 
refused to release funds ordered by the courts to victims and surviving families in more than 80 cases despite clear authority to do so under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA). 
In 1983, 241 American servicemen in Beirut 
were killed and another 60 injured by a car bomb. One of the Marines murdered was my constituent WO1 Paul Innocenzi III who lived with his young family in my hometown of Hamilton. In my second term as congressman, I joined mourners at his funeral. I will never forget the agony and sorrow of his family. Ira-nian terrorism killed Paul Innocenzi and over the decades, has killed or maimed thousands of other Americans. 
A federal district court found that the 1983 
bombing was ‘‘beyond question’’ perpetrated by ‘‘Hezbollah and its agents (who) received massive material and technical support from the Iranian government’’. Later a three judge federal appeals court panel approved a $1.75 billion judgement against Iran for the 1983 bombing and other Iranian acts of terror. 
The President has said he will veto this bill. 
That’s wrong. That’s uncaring, unacceptable, and unconscionable. Support court-ordered victim payments by the terror state of Iran. Fundamental justice demands that this bill be-comes law. 
Mr. ENGEL. I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ), our colleague on the Foreign 
Affairs Committee. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my good friend from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) for his leadership on the 
House Foreign Affairs Committee. 
This bill prohibits any waivers, re-
ductions, or other relief from U.S. sanctions on Iran until Iran pays all court-ordered damage claims to U.S. victims. Those claims total about $46 billion. 
This bill would prevent the U.S. from 
implementing its commitments under the Iran deal, which is really what my friends on the other side are trying to do. Not being able to win directly, let’s get at it indirectly and let’s cover it with the patina of respectability. But the real issue is, cynically, how we use the plight of U.S. victims for another partisan shot. 
We all want to help American vic-
tims of Iran’s terrorism and lack of justice, but this is not the way to help them. It would have the opposite effect by reducing the chance that any claims, in fact, would be paid because, by freezing assets, Iran wouldn’t have the wherewithal to do what this bill says it should do before sanctions are lifted. 
Think about this: Iran owes $46 bil-
lion in U.S. claims, but it doesn’t have the money right now, even if it wanted to pay. Iran only has access to about $20 billion of its own reserves. 
Realistically, the only funds that 
could be used are the frozen funds under U.S. sanctions held in banks around the world. Under this bill, the frozen funds couldn’t be used to pay the claims, and all the money remains frozen until Iran pays the claims. It is a catch-22 if there ever was one. It couldn’t sell any oil to use to free up cash because those funds, too, would be frozen. 
Another clue about what is really be-
hind this bill is that all of the 76 spon-sors are my friends on the other side of the aisle, not a single Democrat. 
Regardless of one’s position on the 
Iran deal, a deal I probably supported because it keeps Iran from becoming a nuclear state, opposing this cynical bill is, in fact, the right vote if you care about the victims of Iranian injustice and terrorism. 
Mr. ROYCE. I yield 4 minutes to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EEHAN ), a member of the Committee 
on Ways and Means and author of this bill. 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, $21 bil-
lion for Russian jets, but not a penny for the victims of their own acts of ter-ror. That is what my colleagues are trying to say? In fact, the President can negotiate it. Let him reach an in-stallment plan, but let’s make sure that these dollars are paid. 
Look, this is a fundamental question: 
Should Iran receive relief from the U.S. sanctions before it pays the victims of terrorism the $43 billion that U.S. courts say these victims are owed? 
When we say ‘‘terrorism,’’ what are 
we talking about? We are talking about Iranian-backed assassinations, bomb-ings, and attacks across time zones, 
from Paris to Jerusalem, to New York, to Beirut, to East Africa, to Buenos Aires. 
I say not one cent. These victims are United States citi-
zens. They are wives, brothers and sis-ters, children who hail from all across the Nation, and they were killed in hi-jackings and suicide attacks and bomb-ings of buses and planes and buildings and embassies and shopping malls and pizza parlors. 
b1115 
In fact, I met with one of those vic-
tims this morning and yesterday, the widow of Kenneth Welch and his child. They are here in Washington today. They have been waiting 30 years for the opportunity to see this issue addressed. 
My friends, by voting against this 
legislation, you are saying that Iran and the perpetrators of these atrocities deserve U.S. sanctions relief before the victims deserve the court-ordered com-pensation. Let me say it again. By vot-ing ‘‘no,’’ you are putting the interests of Iran’s terror machine before the American victims of that terror. I say not 1 cent. 
To those who say Iran can’t afford to 
pay these damages, let me remind you of a few facts. Iran has a yearly gross domestic product in excess of $1.3 tril-lion, and they just spent $21 billion on Russian jets. The facts show that Iran has the money and will have much more if the sanctions are lifted, money that our own administration freely ad-mits will go to finance even more ter-ror. 
I sat yesterday with Ken Stethem, 
the brother of Robert Stethem, the United States Navy diver who was exe-cuted on Beirut Flight 847. His brother Ken, himself a retired Navy SEAL, said to me yesterday, ‘‘If the President doesn’t take this opportunity and Con-gress doesn’t take the opportunity to hold Iran accountable for their ter-rorist acts now, I have to ask them when will they. Thirty years for one family, more than 15 for another. When will they?’’ 
He is talking to us. Let’s answer him. 
Let’s today stand up for the standards of U.S. Navy Petty Officer Robert Stethem. Let’s today vote as one House to say we will put Robert Stethem and the many victims of Iran’s terrorism before—before—the criminals who con-spired to kill them. 
Until they pay these victims what 
they are owed, let’s say no to Iran, not 1 cent. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy in permitting me to speak on this issue. I listened to the impassioned pleas from my friends on the other side of the aisle about horrific acts of the thugs who run Iran. Nobody disputes that, and nothing before us would take away the sanctions that we have against their terrorist activity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.033 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6765 October 1, 2015 
We are all committed to justice for 
those victims, but bear in mind what this legislation seeks to do is to un-wind another critical objective of the United States, of our allies, to prevent a nuclear-armed Iran. 
That agreement was a signal achieve-
ment of diplomacy not just of the Obama administration, but of Russia, China, Germany, France, Great Brit-ain, working with us to secure the strongest agreement that we have seen to contain these thugs’ nuclear ambi-tions. The world is united with us to restrain a nuclear Iran. 
Now, we have had testimony from 
our partners that, if the United States walks away from that agreement, we are on our own. They are not going to continue to enforce nuclear sanctions against Iran, and, ultimately, Iran will get its money and a free hand to de-velop nuclear weapons unencumbered by the allies that we have assembled and the pressure that we have put on them. 
Now, my friends, Mr. E
NGEL and Mr. 
CONNOLLY , are correct. The construct 
here is very difficult, even if this were to be approved, to actually work out on paper. But take it a step further. These elements have been in place for years and have not resulted in any movement for the victims. 
We have had what the rest of the 
world thinks is a significant break-through with Iran. We have got an area of cooperation, and the world is united with us to keep the pressure on them. I would suggest, rather than throwing this agreement in the trash can and allow Iran to develop nuclear weapons and make them stronger—and, ulti-mately, they will get their money be-cause India and China are going to go ahead and start buying oil from Iran again as the sanctions collapse. It will be the United States against the world again. 
We couldn’t even sanction itty-bitty 
Cuba to change their regime. It takes multinational efforts to be able to make changes. This agreement is an important first step, and I would sug-gest it gives us an opportunity to con-tinue putting pressure on Iran to be able to obtain the justice that we all want for those victims. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ), a member 
of the Committee on Appropriations. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, 
I want to thank Mr. M EEHAN and Mr. 
ROYCE for their leadership. I oppose the 
Iranian deal for many reasons. Among the reasons is the over $100 billion windfall Iran will receive in unfrozen assets and sanctions relief. 
The administration has acknowl-
edged that some of this money will be certainly distributed to the Iranian military, its global terrorist network, and to the Quds Force, an organization with American blood on its hands. 
We remember the marines and sailors 
killed in the bombing of the barracks in Beirut in 1983 and civilians in that embassy in Beirut, the airmen who 
died in Khobar Towers in Saudi Arabia in 1995. And what about the victims of the Iranian-financed attacks, like Alisa Flatow of West Orange, New Jer-sey, who died in a bus bombing in Gaza in 1995 and Sara Duker of Teaneck, New Jersey, who was murdered on a bus in Jerusalem in 1996? Who speaks for them, for those innocents and their families? This bill does. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD), a member of the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support of this legislation. Jus-tice is a powerful word. For those who have been wronged, justice can bring peace and closure. For those guilty of harming the innocent, justice is abso-lutely necessary to ensure the author-ity of our laws. Without justice, truth becomes irrelevant. 
If America is going to continue to be 
the greatest nation in the world, it is imperative that we pursue justice. But the Iran nuclear deal does the exact op-posite. It rewards lawlessness and cor-ruption. It tells Iran that they can be unjust to our own citizens and the cur-rent administration will allow them to get away with it. 
Iran is responsible for sponsoring ter-
rorism that has led to the death of thousands of Americans. When the families of these Americans sought jus-tice in the court, Iran was found guilty and ordered to make reparations. The family of Cyrus Elahi from Dallas, Texas, was awarded more than $300 million after Cyrus was assassinated for criticizing the Iranian Government. 
Judgments like this have added up to 
billions of dollars that Iran owes the families of American victims. But is this administration forcing Iran to pay? Are they demanding justice for Americans like Cyrus? No. Instead, this administration is handing over an estimated $100 billion to Iran. That is not justice. That is outrageous. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ). 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, this 
bill would respond to one of many sig-nificant problems with President Obama’s disastrous Iran deal, which gives Iran sanctions relief without re-quiring it to make reparations for the crimes it has committed against Amer-icans. 
Anne Dammerell, who was born in 
Cincinnati near my district, was work-ing at the U.S. Embassy in Beirut in 1983. A bomb exploded while she was in the embassy cafeteria, breaking 19 of her bones. She received a judgment against Iran for $6.8 million because of the physical and mental suffering she endured. Anne is one tragic story among many. 
Over the past 15 years, U.S. courts 
have handed down 80 judgments against Iran, adding up to more than $43.5 billion in unpaid damages. Iran re-
fuses to pay. Yet, the President’s nu-clear agreement provides Iran with $150 billion in sanctions relief. Those that have destroyed innocent American lives, Iranian terrorists, are being cho-sen over the American victims them-selves. 
This bill would prohibit the Presi-
dent from removing any sanctions in place against Iran until the President has certified to Congress that Iran has paid each Federal court judgment. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EEHAN ) for introducing this good 
bill. It is a compassionate bill. It is a bill that tells victims of terrorism that they are not forgotten. 
I chair the task force in the House 
Committee on Financial Services to in-vestigate terrorism finance, and we had a hearing specifically on the joint plan of action, the so-called P5+1. That was back in July. 
There was an attorney who testified 
at the hearing about the $43 billion in judgments and how this deal, then not approved yet, was likely going to side-step the ability of victims who did all the right things through the legal proc-ess, who hired lawyers, who went to court, who got the judgments, legiti-mate judgments, how these judgments would not be paid. 
On July 29, I wrote a letter to Sec-
retary Lew—Secretary of the Treas-ury—and Secretary Kerry of the State Department asking whether or not they had addressed the issue as part of the negotiations. That was July 29. I have yet to receive a response from the Treasury Department, from the De-partment of State, in any way. 
Mr. Speaker, the deafening silence of 
this administration has led me to be-lieve that they completely overlooked the victims of terrorism. 
What we are going to do is we are 
going to give the money to the Islamic Republic of Iran and not to American victims, and that is wrong. This bill is right. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. Speaker, as the chair of the bipartisan 
Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, I analyzed the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) put forward by this Adminis-tration at length. 
After numerous hearings and research, I op-
posed the deal for a number of reasons—not the least of which is because of its potential impact on terrorism financing by Iran. At hear-ing after hearing, members heard directly from foreign policy experts about this threat and the danger of the influx of cash provided by this agreement finding its way to terrorist organiza-tions threatening Iran’s neighboring states as well as those planning strikes in the United States. 
At a hearing specifically on this deal and its 
impact on Tehran’s state sponsorship of terror, one witness, a practicing attorney, testified to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.029 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6766 October 1, 2015 
the fact that American citizens and families 
who were victims of Iranian sponsored terrorist attacks—including families in my district in Pennsylvania—are owed over $43 billion in compensation as awarded by United States. 
Following the Task Force’s fourth hearing I 
wrote this letter to both Secretaries John Kerry and Jack Lew asking if this nuclear deal would strip victims of Iranian terrorism the right to this compensation. 
That was July 29. I have yet to receive any 
sort of response from either the Treasury or State departments. The deafening silence from the Administration has led me to believe they completely overlooked these families when they rushed to finalize this bad deal with Iran. 
Mr. Speaker, it is unconscionable to think 
that—as a nation—we would allow the world’s largest state sponsor of terror access to bil-lions of dollars in sanctions relief and unfreezing of held assets while victims of Ira-nian terrorism are left with nothing. 
These victims are Americans from all 
around the country—from my home and yours. They’ve lost loved ones and suffered irrep-arable damages because of Iran’s long, sordid history with terrorism. By failing to take this sit-uation into account throughout the negotiation process, the administration has failed these victims and their families. 
The Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism 
Act we are considering today rights that wrong. It says simply: Not one cent in sanc-tions relief for Iran until these families are payed. That’s not a partisan demand—that’s common sense. 
I strongly support this legislation and ask for 
my colleagues to join me in standing up for our constituents impacted by Iranian terror and pass this bill in the bipartisan fashion it de-serves. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ), a member of 
the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, Iran is 
shortly set to receive over $100 billion when President Obama uses his pen to lift our sanctions against the world’s largest sponsor of terrorism. At the same time, Mr. Speaker, Iran owes U.S. victims of terror it sponsored and sup-ported $43.5 billion. 
One of these victims was Petty Offi-
cer 1st Class Michael Wagner of Colum-bia, North Carolina. He was serving in the American Embassy in Beirut in 1984 when a car bomb filled with explo-sives paid for by Iran detonated outside his office, killing him and 23 other peo-ple. In the case of Petty Officer Wagner and Tehran’s other victims, our courts have found Iran guilty and ordered Iran to pay restitution, but Iran has not paid a penny. 
Mr. Speaker, we should require Iran 
to pay every penny it owes to the vic-tims of terrorism before sanctions are lifted, period. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. H
ARPER ), a member of the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I am and 
will remain opposed to the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action on Iran. It represents Iran’s ability to build a nu-clear weapon at a future date while 
reaping the financial benefits of imme-diate relief from international sanc-tions. By removing sanctions, the agreement injects almost $100 billion into the Iranian regime. 
Iran is the single largest state spon-
sor of terrorism in the world, funding— even with sanctions in place— Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza. Over $43 billion in judgments have been awarded to Americans who have been the victims of Iranian ter-rorism. The agreement fails to clear those judgments. 
The agreement, at best, delays Iran’s 
ability to build nuclear weapons. At worst, it gives the regime more money to engage in more terrorism while pro-viding no justice to Americans already harmed by the regime. 
The Justice for Victims of Iranian 
Terrorism Act is timely. It is appro-priate, and it should be supported by every member of this body who believe in the validity of U.S. courts and the Federal Sovereign Immunities Act. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Arkan-sas (Mr. H
ILL), a member of the Com-
mittee on Financial Services. 
b1130 
Mr. HILL. I thank Mr. M EEHAN for 
his leadership on this, and I thank the ranking member and the chairman for their opposition to the Iranian agree-ment, which I believe was ill-conceived and not enough time given for those negotiations to bear true fruit. In fact, that is the whole point of our debate today. The maximum amount of nego-tiating clout that the United States had over these sanctions was during these negotiations, before we released sanctions, before Iran gets access to their monthly oil flow and their $100 billion. 
We have $44 billion and 85 judgments. 
The number of intelligence agents that have worked day and night to adju-dicate these claims in court, the num-ber of FBI agents involved, the Federal Government’s obligation to generate awards for these victims, and yet this administration has never raised it in public in regard to the Iranian agree-ment. 
Under the 1996 and 2008 Federal Sov-
ereign Immunities Act, the President of the United States is obligated to seek resolution for these claims. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
G
RAVES of Louisiana). The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ROYCE. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. HILL. He is obligated to adju-
dicate these claims and seek restitu-tion for these victims under the Fed-eral Sovereign Immunities Act. Presi-dent Bush did his duty. When he had le-verage over Libya, he got the claims paid for the victims of terror in Libya. 
For every day we come to work in 
this House and we ask, ‘‘What can we do to help this country? How can we right a wrong?’’ today is that day. I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to support Mr. M
EEHAN ’s out-
standing bill. Let’s right the wrong. Let’s adjudicate these claims. Let’s get this money back for the victims of ter-rorism. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ). 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. A 
majority of this House thinks this deal is bad, a majority of the Senate thinks this deal is bad, and a majority of the American people think this deal is bad. We have not had any input, and the ef-fort here today is to simply make a bad deal a little less bad. 
The idea behind Mr. M
EEHAN ’s bill is 
to provide restitution to American vic-tims. It is not just any American vic-tims. It is the victims of Iranian ter-ror. $150 billion is going to flow to Iran. It seems to be common sense that the first $43 billion should instead be paid to the victims of Iranian terror. 
Joseph Cicippio was one of those vic-
tims. He lived right outside my con-gressional district. He spent 5 years in brutal captivity before being released in 1991. 
A vote for this bill today is a vote for 
the victims of Iranian terror. 
I also want to say Congressman M
EE-
HAN’s congressional district is right 
next to mine. I want to thank him for his thoughtful, creative approach and his leadership in this country and in this House on this bill. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFF-
MAN). 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, in 1982, 
I was with the United States Marine Corps off the coast of Beirut, Lebanon, waiting on orders to do evacuations of the U.S. Embassy and U.S. citizens and their families. Our assignment was done in August of 1982. We returned to the United States. I finished my 2 years with the battalion. 
The battalion went back out. This 
time, they took positions in the airport in Beirut, Lebanon. On October 23, 1983, a suicide bomber drove a truck laden with explosives into the marine bar-racks; 241 marines were killed that day. 
To my friends who died there—First 
Lieutenant Bill Zimmerman, Captain Bill Winter, Captain Joe Boccia, Mas-ter Sergeant Roy Edwards, Captain Mike Haskell—today is your day. Today is your day for justice. God bless you. God remember all of you. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. COFFMAN. Today is the day for 
justice for these marines—and their families—who were lost on that day by the Iranian-backed Hezbollah bomber. 
So I want to thank the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania for bringing this measure forward. I urge my colleagues not to forget those who have died and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC7.011 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6767 October 1, 2015 
to remember this: when the Iranians 
say ‘‘death to Americans,’’ they mean death to Americans. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. 
Mr. ROYCE. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ). 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to join my colleagues to support this legislation. I want to thank the gentleman for his sponsor-ship. I am proud to be a cosponsor. 
Thirty-one years ago, one Michigan 
family’s sleepless worry became a heartbreaking reality. Their son, brother, and father, U.S. Army War-rant Officer Kenneth Welch, was one of two U.S. servicemen to lose his life in the bombing in Beirut, Lebanon. 
U.S. judgments later found that the 
act of terrorism was sponsored by the Iranian regime. For its crimes, that re-gime was ordered to pay damages to the family of Kenneth Welch. Not sur-prisingly, however, not one dime has been paid to the family. Yet today, in this country, we find ourselves dealing with an administration that wants to lift sanctions. 
Mr. Speaker, I am beside myself to 
think that this is the Nation that we have become. America is built on brav-ery and freedom, and that is because of the unwavering strength and sacrifice of men and women in the military. I am forever proud of our soldiers, and I know my colleagues here today are, too. That is why we cannot let the Iran terror continue. We need to do what-ever we can to address the victims like Ken Welch. 
Mr. ROYCE. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD). 
Mr. DOLD. I thank my good friend 
from California, the chairman, for yielding me the time. I also want to thank my good friend from Pennsyl-vania for bringing this piece of legisla-tion. 
Supporting victims of Iranian ter-
rorism is a cause that every single Member of this body should be able to support, regardless of where they stand on the Iranian nuclear agreement. Under no circumstances should we be ignoring the victims of Iran’s terrorism while simultaneously rewarding the greatest state sponsor of terror the world has seen. 
Make no mistake, under this admin-
istration’s agreement with Iran, Iran will be receiving approximately $150 billion in sanctions relief—in new fund-ing—almost immediately, while Amer-ican victims of Iranian terrorism, whether it be bombings, kidnappings, murder, and the like, are basically going without resources. 
Where are our priorities? Where are 
our priorities in this Chamber when the victims of Iranian terror are being ignored while Iran is being rewarded with new funds that will inevitably be used to fund new terror—Hezbollah, Hamas, and those around the globe? 
Iran’s terror proxies have killed 
Americans and continue to do so to this day. This is a fact that cannot be 
ignored. I certainly hope that my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle will support this piece of legislation. 
Mr. ROYCE. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank my col-
league, Mr. M EEHAN from Pennsyl-
vania, for introducing this very impor-tant piece of legislation. 
The President’s nuclear agreement 
with Iran provides them with billions in frozen assets and sanctions relief. One needs only to look at recent his-tory to know exactly what Iran will do with this financial windfall. 
While pursuing a nuclear bomb, Iran 
has been engaged in a decades-long campaign of terror that resulted in the deaths of many, many Americans. They continue to bankroll proxies like Hezbollah, Hamas, and the Houthi rebels. 
Atrocities like the Beirut marine 
barracks bombing, the murder of Bobby Stethem on TWA flight 847, Khobar Towers, and the kidnapping of CIA Agent William Buckley, are just a small taste of what Iranian state-spon-sored terrorism has wrought. 
This bill is about everyday Ameri-
cans getting justice. Americans like 
the family of Beaver County native Major John Macroglou, the highest ranking officer killed in the attack on the Beirut marine barracks. 
Victims of Iranian terrorism have 
successfully brought suit in U.S. courts, yet billions in judgments re-main unpaid. The Obama administra-tion failed to secure restitution for the victims of Iran in its negotiations with this country, but this legislation can rectify this wrong. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, may I in-
quire as to how much time is remain-ing. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California has 2
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from New York has 17
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
In closing, let me say to my friends 
on the other side of the aisle, and they know this, no one has been more of an adversary of the Iranian regime than I have, but a number of us found the deal with Iran wanting. We voted ‘‘no,’’ but it didn’t prevail, and now we have to figure out the best way forward. The best way forward, I sincerely believe, is not to keep trotting out these bills. 
No one is condoning anything that 
Iran has done, particularly with ter-rorism. It is a matter of how we com-bat it. The way I see it is that we have two paths forward: we can choose to mirror what we did with the Affordable Care Act, voting and revoting on an issue that has been settled to some de-gree, or we can choose the path that suits our Nation’s interests the best. This path includes doing everything we can to strengthen the enforcement mechanisms of this agreement. The path also includes holding Iran 
accountable for its nefarious activities that destabilize the region, as well as pushing Tehran to release detained Americans and improve their human rights records in the interim, and, of course, taking care of the victims of terrorism and their families. This path requires the strengthening of bilateral partnerships and supporting our allies in the region, both of which help us in the long term. 
This is the course I hope we take. We 
cannot let this opportunity go to waste. So that is why I won’t be sup-porting H.R. 3457. After that, we need to work together on measures that strengthen implementation of the 
agreement as much as possible. 
I hope we can do that in a bipartisan 
way, as we have for the past 3 years in the Foreign Affairs Committee. This path promises to bring us back to mak-ing foreign policy rather than using po-litical bills that deflect from the im-portant issues at hand. 
I do not doubt the sincerity of any-
one who spoke today. We all are sin-cere and we all feel the same way: Iran is a bad actor and must be held ac-countable. But this bill is not the cor-rect mechanism to do so, so I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, consider the case of 
Anne Dammarell, a USAID worker who was posted in the U.S. Embassy in Bei-rut in 1983. At 1 p.m. on April 18, a sui-cide bomber in a delivery van drove 2,000 pounds of explosives into the front door of our U.S. Embassy and the blast demolished the front of the building and caused the upper floors to collapse on top of each other. 
When that went off, she was eating 
lunch in the Embassy cafeteria until suddenly she awoke outside, covered in cement, with 19 bones broken. Sixty- three people were killed in that blast. 
Now we have a moral obligation to 
ensure that these judgments for these victims, which represent Iran’s legal debt to the victims of its official policy of terrorism, are paid. There have been 90 such attacks on Americans, and this legislation helps us fulfill that moral obligation we have to our constituents and to all Americans. 
What I will share with you is that it 
is not going to work to release the $100 billion first, because that $100 billion goes into the hands of the IRGC. They are the ones who have taken over the companies in Iran as of 1979, and the Iranian Revolutionary Guard forces and the Quds forces are the ones that carried out these attacks. 
So the only leverage we are going to 
have in this negotiation is if we pass legislation that says, first, you have got $20 billion in reserves. Start the process of paying the victims of that attack. 
b1145 
If we don’t get them paid now, if we 
don’t get the survivors and the family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.027 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6768 October 1, 2015 
members of those who were killed paid 
now, it will never happen later. 
But more importantly, at least we 
would do this. If we are going to give $100 billion out of escrow into the hands of the IRGC, what do you think they are going to do with it? 
They have already announced $20 bil-
lion in sales to Russia for fighter planes. They have already announced the money, $100 million, that they are going to give to Hezbollah. 
Why not at least get our own civil-
ians paid the judgments that they earned up front? 
That is exactly what we did with the 
Lockerbie agreement. We were going to lift the sanctions or allow the return of the escrowed money to Libya. Right? 
$2.5 billion had to go to the victims 
and the family members killed in the Pan Am 103 bombing because of the judgment in U.S. courts. 
This needs to be done under that pro-
cedure. That is why this legislation is necessary. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in strong opposition to H.R. 3457, the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act.’’ 
If enacted into law, H.R. 3457 would prevent 
the United States from implementing its sanc-tions relief commitments under the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) reached between the P5+1 countries, the European Union (EU), and Iran by tying the Administra-tion’s ability to fulfill its commitments to non- nuclear issues that are outside the scope of the JCPOA. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill has absolutely no 
chance of becoming law because President Obama has already announced he will veto it if presented to him for signature. 
And that is as it should be since this ill-con-
sidered and unwise bill comes to floor without being vetted by any of the committees of juris-diction. 
The bill was not considered by the Judiciary 
Committee or its Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, of which I serve as Ranking Member and which has jurisdiction over issues federal law-suits and compensation involving victims of terrorist acts. 
Nor was the bill considered by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, even though that committee has held several hearings relating to violent extremism and terrorists acts. 
In the month of September alone, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs held six hearings that addressed some aspect of terrorism and vio-lent extremism, not one of which involved H.R. 3457 or the subject matter raised in the legis-lation. 
Given its adverse impact on the JCPOA, 
one would have thought that this legislation would have been fully vetted before being rushed to the floor, and this lack of careful scrutiny is sufficient in itself to vote against this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, let me be clear: I am, and long 
have been, a strong supporter and advocate for adequate compensation for victims of ter-rorism sponsored or supported by foreign states. 
For example, I have fought for compensa-
tion for the victims of Boko Haram, the Lord’s Resistance Army, ISIL and Al-Shabaab from 
Nigeria, to Syria, to Kenya, to name just a few. 
I have requested the Attorney General of 
the United States to take action to secure re-lief for thousands of victims of terror from dif-ferent regions of the world. 
But I have never advocated or supported 
actions to achieve this result that puts the na-tional security at risk. 
And that is why I cannot support H.R. 3457. By obstructing implementation of the 
JCPOA, H.R. 3457 would greatly undermine our national security interests and likely would result in the collapse of the comprehensive diplomatic arrangement that peacefully and verifiably prevents Iran from acquiring a nu-clear weapon. 
This would in turn allow for the resumption 
of a significantly less constrained Iranian nu-clear program, lead to the unraveling of the international sanctions regime against Iran, and deal a devastating blow to America’s credibility as a leader of international diplo-macy. 
This would have the collateral effect of jeop-
ardizing both the hard work of sustaining a unified coalition to combat Iran’s destabilizing activities in the region and America’s ability to lead the world on nuclear non-proliferation. 
Mr. Speaker, the Administration supports ef-
forts by U.S. terrorism victims to pursue com-pensation, consistent with our national secu-rity. 
It bears pointing out that nothing in the 
JCPOA prohibits or impedes those efforts. 
Mr. Speaker, we have called Iran 
untrustworthy because it has not always lived up to its commitments. 
What would it say about the United States 
and its reputation of being an honest broker and trustworthy partner if we reneged on a carefully and painstakingly negotiated agree-ment before the ink barely had time to dry? 
The single and overriding purpose of the 
JCPOA was to address the international com-munity’s concern over Iran’s nuclear program and the need to verifiably prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. 
This goal is achieved by the JCPOA this ob-
jective is undermined by H.R. 3457. 
After all our hearings and thoughtful delib-
erations on the JCPOA, it defies reason to col-lapse the historic and landmark diplomatic success that created the framework for a peaceful and verifiable methodology to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. 
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I strongly 
oppose H.R. 3457 and urge all Members to join me in voting against this unwise measure. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 449, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 1735, 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 449, I call up the conference report on the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 449, the con-ference report is considered read. 
(For conference report and state-
ment, see proceedings of the House of September 29, 2015, at page H6337.) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) 
and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 30 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous material on the conference report to accompany H.R. 1735. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 5 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, the first and most im-
portant thing I can say today is that this conference report is good for the troops and it is good for the country, and nothing that I or anybody else is going to say in this next hour is going to be more important than that one basic proposition. 
Now, we may hear a variety of ex-
cuses, ifs, ands and buts about this, that or the other thing, and I certainly don’t agree with every provision in this conference report. 
But in pulling this bill together, I 
had to put aside personal preferences and party considerations and other things because getting a bill passed and enacted that is good for the troops and good for the country is more important than anything else. 
The second point I want to make is 
that this bill is the product of work from Members from both sides of the aisle and both sides of the Capitol. About half of the amendments that were adopted in committee and on the floor were from Democratic Members. 
Democratic conferees played a sub-
stantial role in shaping this final con-ference report. And if you look at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.030 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6769 October 1, 2015 
substance of what is in the bill, you 
can see major contributions from both sides. 
As a matter of fact, we hear a lot 
these days about regular order. Well, this bill went through regular order through the committee, with 211 amendments that were adopted on the floor, when 131 amendments were adopted through a regular conference, with a Senate-passed bill for the first time in years, and now it is back here for approval. 
So after going through regular order 
and all that that entails, if there is still partisan opposition, it leads some to ask why. Why bother? 
The third point I want to make, Mr. 
Speaker, is just a reminder to Members that this is a dangerous world, and it is getting more dangerous by the minute. Just look at the headlines that are in today’s papers. 
Russia has conducted airstrikes in 
Syria not against ISIS, but against the moderate opposition forces, and Russia is telling us, the United States, when and where we can fly our airplanes in Syria. 
Meanwhile, the Palestinians have de-
cided they are going to back away from all the agreements that they have with Israel. 
Meanwhile, the Taliban is on the 
move in Afghanistan, and U.S. Amer-ican troops are sent in to help turn the tide. That doesn’t even count the things that are happening in Ukraine, North Korea, Iran, China building is-lands out in the Pacific. 
So the point of that is that this is no 
time for political games. This is the time to come together and pass a bill that helps provide for the country’s se-curity. I think that is exactly what this bill does. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill authorizes the 
exact amount of money that the Presi-dent requested for national defense. Now, we did not agree with every sin-gle program request. 
We made some different judgments, 
like preserving the A–10, and it is being used today in the Middle East. We thought we needed not to retire some of the ships that the President wanted to retire. So there were some adjust-ments. But at the end of the day, the total is exactly the amount the Presi-dent asked for. 
Now, some of those programs are 
under different labels. But, frankly, whether you call it base funding, OCO funding, or pumpernickel—it doesn’t matter—it is money that goes to the troops. 
If you are a U.S. soldier today on the 
ground in Iraq or Afghanistan or if you are a soldier, sailor, airman, or marine who are supporting them from the United States or anywhere else, do you really care what the label on the money is? What you care about is that the money to help for provide your op-eration and maintenance is provided. 
Of course, there are many other parts 
of this bill, Mr. Speaker: acquisition reform, which is a significant first step to make sure the taxpayers get more 
value for the money they spend; per-sonnel reform, including a new retire-ment system. 
Today 83 percent of the people who 
serve in the military walk away with no retirement at all. That changes under this bill. 
So Members who are going to vote 
against this bill are going to tell 83 percent of the people who serve in the military: You are going to continue to walk away with nothing. 
This bill requires the DOD and VA to 
have a joint formulary for sleep dis-orders, pain management, and mental health issues. We have been told those are some of the most important steps we can take. 
It takes additional steps to combat 
sexual assault. It authorizes defensive weapons for Ukraine. It gives the President more tools to battle ISIS in Iraq, to provide weapons directly to the Kurds and Sunni forces. 
We take steps to help defend this 
country against missiles. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself an additional 30 seconds. 
We take steps in this bill to help de-
fend our country against missile at-tacks, which is particularly important now that Iran is going to have a bunch more money to put into their missiles. But what we also do is support the Israeli missile defense program with more money than was asked for by the President. 
So, Mr. Speaker, my point is this bill 
is good for the troops and it is good for the country, and that ought to override everything else. It should be passed today. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes. 
First of all, let me agree on two 
points with the chairman. There is a lot that is good in this bill. There is no question about that. And I want to thank the chairman for his leadership in making that happen. 
I think the conference committee 
process was a model for how the con-ference committee is supposed to go. The minority was included. There was robust debate about a large number of issues. There were points when we thought we couldn’t resolve them and we did. And I think there is a lot that is good in this bill. 
I also think, without question, with-
out debate, that this is a very, very dangerous time for our country. No doubt about it. The chairman laid out some of the challenges—there are many, many more—with what is going on in the Middle East, certainly with Russia, with how we deal with China. It is a very challenging time for national security, and we need to be as strong as we possibly can. 
But the one area where I disagree— 
and I think the chairman also cor-rectly states the fundamental question: Is this good for our country? Is it good for our troops? I don’t believe that it is. It is not 
good for our country, and it is not good for our troops. It does, in fact, matter where the money comes from for a cou-ple of reasons. 
First of all, by the budget gimmick 
that the Budget Committee in the House and the Senate put together, by using overseas contingency operations funds for things that are not overseas contingency operations funds—and this was all done as a dodge to get around doing what we need to do, which is to lift the budget caps. Because, you see, the OCO funding, for some reason is not counted as real money. It is money. It is $38 billion. 
But it enables the conservatives in 
the Republican Party to say that they have maintained the budget caps while still spending $38 billion more dollars, which is incredibly hypocritical and a terrible way to budget. 
But here are two reasons why that is 
bad for our country and bad for our troops. Number one, it does not lift the budget caps. These budget caps are in place, I believe, for another 9 or 8 years. Unless we lift those budget caps, we are harming our troops and we are harming our country. 
This bill dodging that issue is pre-
cisely a national security issue be-cause, until we lift those caps, the De-partment of Defense has no idea how much money they are going to have. All right? 
OCO is one-time money. That is why 
it is not as good as lifting the budget caps and giving the ability to do the 5- and 10-year planning that they do, to do multi-year projects so that they can actually have a plan going forward. That hurts national security. 
The inability to raise the budget caps 
in this bill and appropriations process is a critical blow to our troops and to our national security. 
The second reason this is important 
is because the OCO funding that is in this bill is not going to happen; all right? 
Part of it is because the President is 
going to veto it. But the larger part of it is the Senate, as they have been un-able to do for a number of years, has not passed any appropriations bills be-cause they have rejected their own budget resolution. 
So this $38 billion in OCO funding 
that we are going to hear about, all this great money, is not going to hap-pen because the appropriators have said it is not going to happen. 
So to have a national defense author-
izing bill with $38 billion in imaginary money is not good for our troops and it is not good for our country. We need to lift the budget caps. We need to spend the money that we need to spend on national security. 
I will also say that there are other 
pieces of national security, because the budget caps remain in place for the De-partment of Homeland Security. They remain in place for the Department of Justice. They remain in place for the Department of the Treasury, three 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.031 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6770 October 1, 2015 
agencies that play a critical role in na-
tional security for this country, in tracking the money of terrorists, in protecting the homeland, in making sure that we can try and convict ter-rorists when we catch them. 
So it is not good for the country to 
maintain those budget caps, and that is what this bill does. It also relies on money that simply isn’t going to be there by having this imaginary OCO funding. 
The second way I think this bill is 
not good for the troops and not good for the country is something that the chairman alluded to, and that is there are restrictions on what the Pentagon can do by way of saving money. 
The chairman mentioned the A–10, 
but there are a whole host of other things the Pentagon has proposed as a way to save money and spend it more efficiently, which, over the course of the last 2 or 3 years, we have blocked almost every attempt, not every at-tempt. 
On personnel savings, we have made 
changes in the retirement system. We have made changes in the healthcare system. We saved no money for 10 years. For 10 years we saved no money in personnel costs while the Pentagon tells us that, to be able to properly train our troops to get them ready to go to battle, they need personnel cost savings. 
If we don’t give them that savings, 
last year, next year, this year, in the future, they will not have the money for readiness that they need to train and equip our troops. So that is not good for the country. 
There are a number of other provi-
sion areas—well, BRAC would be a big one. We have seen our Army and Ma-rine Corps shrink substantially. We have seen our entire military shrink substantially. We haven’t closed any bases. That is not good for the country, to not find savings there so that we can spend it on training our troops. 
b1200 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. I yield 
myself an additional 30 seconds. 
Over the course of the last 2 or 3 
years, we have wound up authorizing and appropriating here in Congress substantially less money for readiness than the President, now, not this year, assuming you imagine that this OCO money is actually going to appear. 
The bulk of the OCO money makes up 
for the readiness gap. But, again, that OCO money isn’t going to be there. So I don’t think this bill is good for our country or good for our troops. 
I do agree with the chairman that 
that is the criteria on which it should be judged. But I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. F
ORBES ), the chair of the 
Subcommittee on Seapower and Pro-jection Forces. Mr. FORBES. I thank the chairman 
for his hard work on this bill and bringing it to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, as we listen today, one 
of the things that you really won’t hear outside of this room is anybody challenging the substance of this bill. In fact, the opponents of this bill time and time again say what a really good bill it is. 
You won’t hear anyone challenging 
the partisanship of this bill because they will praise Chairman T
HORNBERRY  
for the bipartisan product he has brought to the floor. 
You won’t hear them saying it is not 
the right amount of money in here, that it is too much or too little, be-cause it is almost exactly the dollar amount that the President requested. 
And you won’t hear them say that 
they took this money from another pri-ority because they agree this is the amount of money that should be spent on national defense. 
The sole reason this bill is being op-
posed today and the sole reason the President is going to veto it is because he wants to use national defense as a bartering chip to get everything he wants for the IRS, the EPA, and all of the other political agendas that he has. 
Can you imagine, as Chairman 
T
HORNBERRY mentioned, how strong he 
looks around the globe when he says America is going to be strong, yet he vetoes the bill that authorizes the na-tional defense of this country and gives him almost everything he wants. 
The President and the opponents of 
this bill also need to realize that, if they defeat this bill, they will also de-feat the construction of three destroy-ers, two attack subs, three small sur-face combatants, an amphibious ship, and they will delay the Air Force bomber and tanker programs. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time we stop using 
national defense as some kind of polit-ical poker chip that can be gambled away. It is time we pass this bill. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. 
First of all, I very specifically chal-
lenge the substance of this bill. The OCO funding and the way it is funding is not good for national security and not good for our troops. The substance of the bill is precisely the issue and what it does for defense or does not do for defense. That is why using the OCO funding is the exact wrong way to go. 
The other thing I will say is I am 
quite confident that we will get a bill. Because that is the interesting thing about this argument. 
As I have pointed out, the appropri-
ators in the Senate have already re-jected the OCO funding. So this $38 bil-lion that we have in here is gone, done, poof, not going to happen. All right? 
We are going to have to have a fur-
ther debate about that in the Appro-priations Committee to actually fund any of the stuff that we are talking about in this bill. I am confident that we will have that debate. I wish I could be more confident that it will come out in a positive way. We need to lift the budget caps. We 
actually need to pass appropriations bills and not shut the government down. We will see what happens on De-cember 11. 
But when that happens, we can pass 
this bill. We are not going to not pass the NDAA. We just need to pass it the right way so it actually helps our coun-try and actually funds the programs that we are talking about. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
Mr. Speaker, I think the gentleman 
from Washington really makes the case when he talks about appropriations, OCO will not happen that way. 
This is not an appropriations bill. He 
is exactly right. There is more to do to figure all of that out. But that is not a reason to vote against this bill. This bill can’t fix what he is complaining about. But it does do something. My point is why not do what it can. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ), the distinguished chairman of 
the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. I 
thank the chairman. 
Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to support 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 and also thank Chairman M
ACTHORNBERRY for his 
leadership and hard work in bringing this important bill and conference re-port to the floor with bipartisan sup-port. 
I appreciate serving as the chairman 
of the Emerging Threats and Capabili-ties Subcommittee to oversee some of the most important aspects of the De-partment of Defense. The subcommit-tee’s portion of the bill represents a comprehensive and bipartisan product. For this reason, it is sad that some of our Democratic colleagues may vote against this bill and, worse, that the President is threatening a veto. 
Mr. Speaker, a veto or a vote against 
this bipartisan bill is a vote against se-curity for American families and a vote 
against every member of the armed services and its military families. 
It would be a vote against authoriza-
tions that would strengthen our cyber defense capabilities. It would be a vote against counterterrorism programs and resources for our special operations forces currently fighting overseas. It would be a vote against reform efforts and programs that would ensure Amer-ica maintains superiority in all areas of science and technology. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues 
across the aisle to support this bipar-tisan National Defense Authorization Act and for the President to sign this important piece of legislation that will soon cross his desk. 
A vote or veto against this measure 
is, simply put, a vote endangering American families and a vote against the American-dedicated servicemem-bers who mean so much to our country. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. I yield 
myself 1 minute just to make two quick points. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.032 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6771 October 1, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, first of all, we will have 
a motion to recommit that takes the money out of OCO and puts it into the base budget. So this is a problem that our bill could fix. 
We didn’t have to buy into the OCO 
dodge and put money in there that we knew wasn’t going to exist. Our motion to recommit will make that obvious. We will simply take it out of OCO. We will put it in the base budget so that you can do long-term planning with it and so that we actually get out from under the budget caps. 
The second point that I will make is 
that the previous speaker said that voting against the Defense bill was all of those bad things. Well, people have voted against the Defense bill. 
In 2009 and 2010, all but seven or eight 
Members of the Republican Party voted against the Defense bill. They voted against the defense bill because they didn’t like Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell in one instance and because they didn’t like adding LGBT people to hate crimes in the other instance. 
So they all were perfectly willing to 
vote against the troops and do all of the awful things that the previous speaker said for social policy reasons that had nothing to do with defense. 
So voting against the defense bill 
does not mean that you don’t support the troops, and that is proof because most of the people who are now saying that it does have voted against the bill in the past. 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman 
from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ). 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, this is my 35th year in 
the Congress of the United States. I don’t know that I voted against, prior to this year, either a Defense Appro-priation bill or a Defense Authoriza-tion bill. 
I will vote against this bill. I regret 
that I will vote against this bill be-cause I regret that we have not gotten ourselves on a fiscally sound path in a bipartisan way that makes this coun-try more secure not only on the na-tional defense side, but secure on the domestic side as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
this conference report, which I believe does a disservice to our men and women in uniform and undermines our national security. 
I do not believe this is the chair-
man’s fault. I want to make that very clear. The chairman has been dealt a hand, and he is trying to play the best hand he can. I understand that. 
I agree fully, however, with the rank-
ing member, with his concerns and op-position to this bill not because of most of its substance, but because of the adverse impact it has on so much else. 
This continues the Republican se-
quester sneak-around strategy. What do I mean by that? My Republican col-leagues historically—since I have been here—talk about spending money. What they don’t like to do is pay for things. That is, of course, what we do 
with taxes. 
It is not for free: national security, 
education, health care, law enforce-ment. You have to pay for it. And if you want to put a level of doing some-thing, you need to pay for that or you pass it along to the next generation. 
This bill continues the sequester 
sneak-around strategy of blowing through their own defense spending cap by misusing emergency overseas con-tingency operations funding for non-emergency base defense spending. That is why the Pentagon is opposed to this. That is why the Joint Chiefs believe this is bad policy fiscal policy for the military. 
As our military planners and Sec-
retary Carter have made clear, such an approach to funding undermines the Pentagon’s long-term planning process, which is based on multi-year budgets and predictable funding streams. 
Unfortunately, the fiscal policies of 
the leadership of this House over the last 6 years have been anything but predictable. 
We avoided a shutdown of govern-
ment yesterday, notwithstanding the fact that 151 of my Republican col-leagues voted not to fund government 
today. Only Democrats ensured the fact that we kept the government open. Ninety-one Republicans voted with us, but that was far less than half of their caucus. 
This proposal undermines the 
chances for a bipartisan budget agree-ment to replace the sequester before the CR we passed yesterday expires on December 11. Mr. Speaker, 151 Repub-licans voted even against keeping gov-ernment open for a short period of time, approximately 2 months. 
This approach included in this bill 
also harms fundamental national secu-rity priorities by characterizing core defense items as part of contingency operations. That is not true. It is not fiscally helpful. 
This includes the Iron Dome missile 
defense program and all other U.S.- Israel joint missile defense programs that help Israel protect civilians from Hamas and Hezbollah rockets. 
Additionally, this report continues to 
prevent the administration from clos-ing the detention facility at Guanta-namo Bay, which remains a recruiting tool for terrorists and undermines America’s role as a beacon of constitu-tional rights and freedoms around the world. Meanwhile, we are spending $2.4 million per detainee every year for those we hold in Guantanamo. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. I yield 
the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. HOYER. The ranking member of 
the Armed Services Committee opposes this bill strongly, as do members of that committee. The President has made it clear he is going to veto this bill not because he is against national security. 
Ironically, Republicans have come to 
the number that the President pro-posed. There is a difference. The Presi-
dent paid for his number. He didn’t pass it along to our children. 
We must recognize this conference 
report for what it is: a vehicle for par-tisan messaging and an instrument for breaking with the Murray-Ryan prin-ciple of parity in defense and non-defense sequester relief. It is not a bill that makes America safer and a stronger force for justice around the world. Therefore, I will oppose it. 
I thank my friend, the gentleman 
from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) once 
again for his work in trying to improve this bill in committee, on this floor and in conference, and for his untiring work in support of the men and women of our Nation’s armed services. 
I thank the chairman of the com-
mittee for the same thing. He was dealt a bad hand. I understand the hand he has to play. It is not good for our coun-try. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
Mr. Speaker, I would just make three 
brief points. 
Number one, as this debate goes on, 
it is increasingly clear that the real de-bate is about budget and appropria-tions, not about this bill. 
Secondly, I am one of those who 
voted to continue to fund the govern-ment because I think it is essential that we pay our troops and that there be no lapse in that. Unfortunately, we have today the White House playing politics with national security, and I think that is what makes an ultimate agreement harder. 
b1215 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, the President 
was short in funding Israeli missile de-fense. We fully fund Israeli missile de-fense in this bill, and it should be sup-ported. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
URNER ), the 
distinguished chairman of the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee. 
Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 1735, what would be the 54th consecutive National Defense Au-thorization Act. 
What we have here today is, unfortu-
nately, partisan politics at its worst. You have people who are coming down to the House floor condemning a bill that they voted for, and now they are going to vote against it because the President has decided that he is going to veto it. He is not going to veto it be-cause of what is in this bill. He is going to veto it because there is not enough spending on the bureaucracies of the IRS and the EPA. We know this be-cause not only has the President said it, even Defense Secretary Ash Carter has said it in front of the Armed Serv-ices Committee. 
Now, if this were such a bad bill, you 
would think that it would not have come out of our committee with full, almost unanimous, support by both sides of the aisle, bipartisan, unbeliev-able support for this bill in virtually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.034 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6772 October 1, 2015 
its same structure that is coming to 
this floor. Only when President Obama stepped forward and said, I am going to veto it because you are not funding the IRS and the EPA, did it suddenly lose its bipartisan support. 
This is not an issue about Repub-
licans and Democrats. This is an issue about this administration. This admin-istration, the author of sequestration, President Obama, set forth a plan that has been dismantling our military and needs to be set aside. Now, what we have in this bill is a bill that fully funds national defense, even as Minor-ity Leader S
TENY HOYER said, that 
fully funds it at the level that is re-quested by the President. 
Now, you can say there are gim-
micks, you can say there are tricks, but you can also say what is impor-tant; and as you go to the experts to determine whether or not this bill works, Chairman Dempsey of the Joint Chiefs of Staff stood in front of our committee, and when asked the ques-tion of does the structure of this bill fully fund national defense, he said, ab-solutely, that he could spend it and that it would be the number that is necessary. He also said it was the lower jagged edge of what is necessary for na-tional security. 
Mr. Speaker, if Chairman Dempsey 
says in front of our committee—and he certainly is the expert—that this works, it works. I urge everyone to support this bill. Set aside sequestra-tion, set aside partisan politics, and support our men and women in uni-form. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OG-
ERS), the distinguished chair of the 
Strategic Forces Subcommittee, for the purpose of a colloquy. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-
man, I want to thank you for your leadership in getting us here today. I would like to ask the chairman a ques-tion if I might. 
Does the legislation provide the 
President the exact amount of money he requested in his budget request? 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. I yield to 
the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. The gentleman 
is correct. The total is exactly the amount that the President asked for. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Thank 
you. That is what I thought. 
Does the chairman recall who it was 
that testified that the amount re-quested for fiscal year 2016 for the na-tional defense is ‘‘at the ragged edge of manageable risk?’’ 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. I yield to 
the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. As the gen-
tleman from Ohio just said, it was the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs that said 
that this is the lower ragged edge of what it takes to defend the country. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. And that 
individual is the President’s senior military adviser, isn’t he? 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Yes, sir. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. That is 
what I thought. 
Thank you, Chairman. So, Mr. Speaker, we have an easy 
choice here today: we can vote for a conference report that sends a bill to the President that provides him au-thorized funding at exactly the level he requested, or we can send the Nation below the ‘‘ragged edge of manageable risk’’ in its security. 
It is a bill that provides over a $320 
million increase for our Israeli allies on top of the $155 million in the Presi-dent’s request for missile defense co-operation. 
I would ask Members, especially 
those who supported the President’s Iran deal, to recall it is exactly this funding that the administration said was vital to Israel’s security because of that deal and its termination of multi-lateral sanctions on ballistic missile proliferation. 
This is a bill that provides $184 mil-
lion to fund an American rocket to end our reliance on Russian-made rocket engines. This is a bill that provides the President’s request of $358 million for Cooperative Threat Reduction activi-ties. 
What does that mean? That is how we 
fight Ebola. 
Mr. Speaker, my fellow Members, 
there are some tough votes that we have to take around here from time to time. This is not one of them. Vladimir Putin is bombing U.S.-backed anti- Assad forces in Syria. If you want to make Putin happy, vote against this bill. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, first of all, the reason 
that we are at the ragged edge of what defense needs is because of the budget caps. That is the issue. That is the sub-stantive issue and why this is impor-tant. 
Tied into that is a regrettable fact. 
The chairman says repeatedly, look, this is the authorizing bill. Don’t talk to me about the budget. Don’t talk to me about appropriations. The defense budget is over half of the discretionary budget. So, unfortunately, the defense bill is about the budget and about the appropriations process. 
As long as we have those budget caps 
locked in place, we will be at the rag-ged edge of what we can do to protect our national security. We shouldn’t be there. We should lift the budget caps. This NDAA locks in those budget caps and uses the OCO dodge, which, as I have pointed out, the Senate isn’t agreeing to, so the $38 billion isn’t going to be there. 
Even worse, what Secretary Carter 
has also said is that the OCO funding simply perpetuates the 5 years of budg-et cuts and uncertainty, of CRs, of gov-
ernment shutdowns, of threatened gov-ernment shutdowns, and of not being able to plan. Secretary Carter has been very clear. He opposes this bill because the OCO funding is not an adequate way to fund defense because it is 1-year money. It is a budget gimmick. It doesn’t give them the ability to plan and do what they need to protect our country and take care of our troops. 
So opposing this bill because of the 
OCO funding is enormously important to our troops and is a substantive part of this. We cannot simply dodge the budget issues. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to respond 
briefly to the comment about the com-mittee vote. We in committee said we didn’t like the OCO funding and that we needed that to be fixed. But we are coming out of committee. We are going to give it a chance to work its way through the process. No changes were made, so we opposed it on the floor. 
We didn’t just wake up yesterday and 
oppose this. Democrats voted against this bill when it came through the House in the first place. The critically important issue that we absolutely made a point of in committee was not fixed, so that is why we are opposing this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITT-
MAN), the distinguished chair of the 
Subcommittee on Readiness. 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask Congress to vote in favor of the National Defense Authorization Act for FY16. I am proud that this con-ference report takes significant steps towards rebuilding our military and readiness. 
We prioritize training for our troops 
and maintenance and modernization of our equipment and technology. This NDAA is critical to carry out the mili-tary missions of this Nation effectively and successfully in an increasingly dangerous world. 
Recently, former Secretary of State 
Dr. Henry Kissinger proclaimed: ‘‘The United States has not faced a more di-verse and complex array of crises since the end of the Second World War.’’ This statement holds true today as we com-bat ISIS in the Middle East, as Russia again tests our commitment to global leadership, and as China continues to increase its defense spending to record levels. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress has a con-
stitutional duty of providing for the common defense of our Nation. If Con-gress and the President fail to act on the NDAA, we forgo our constitutional duty, and we weaken the security of our Nation and ability to confront cri-ses that occur around the globe. 
It is also important to point out that 
this is not the time to play political games with our national security or to hold hostage funding and authorization for the military for political gain. Our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.036 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6773 October 1, 2015 
Nation and our men and women in the 
military deserve better, and they de-serve the proper support that Congress is under obligation to provide. 
As we have heard through testimony 
from our military leaders before the committee, our military is approach-ing the ragged edge of being able to execute our Nation’s defense strategy. By not passing this NDAA, or by allow-ing sequestration to continue to dev-astate our Nation’s military readiness, we place ourselves in a position where we will be unable to defend against the threats we face today and in the fu-ture. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill and vote in favor of the National Defense Authorization Act of FY16. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I agree with a lot of 
what the gentleman just said about how critical national security is, yet the Republican majority insists on maintaining those budget caps that are devastating to our national security. They will not lift the caps that are causing precisely the problems that were just described, and 151 of them voted yesterday to defund the entire military by shutting down the govern-ment. So if we really believe in all of those national security priorities, let’s start funding them. Lift the budget caps and actually pay for it. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS). 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-
er, I want to associate myself with the ranking member because I think that we all work very, very hard on this committee, and I appreciate the work that our chairman has done as well. I have to say I am speaking largely as someone who has never not supported an NDAA. I actually did support it in committee, and I support it on the floor. But I think we are in a box, and sometimes when you get in a box, you have got to do something about it. You can’t just stay in there and sit. It means making some hard decisions. 
Mr. Speaker, I have listened in the 
committee when Secretary Carter was there. I have to say I think he was a bit badgered in that discussion, but at the same time, he is a big boy and he can handle that. Basically what he said is of course we support all those issues, of course we want a better budget for the men and women who serve our country because it is in the best interests of the United States of America, but we also have to be concerned about the future, not just about tomorrow. We have got to be able to do this for the men and women and for our country as we move forward. 
That is what this doesn’t do. We have 
got to give this a chance. There has got to be a better chance. That is why I feel that I have been there. I have com-
promised; and there are a lot of mem-bers on that committee, honestly, who are not willing to compromise. We have tried to find that balance. Mr. Speaker, I am really proud of the 
work that we have done on the Mili-tary Personnel Subcommittee. I am proud because we made some gains. We have sort of shuffled some issues a lit-tle bit to be able to say to our leaders that we understand their concerns, we understand what readiness means in this country, and we have got to deal with that. Maybe we can’t deal with all these issues that we have tried to make sure we funded to the very, very high-est limit that we could possibly do. 
We know there are some changes per-
haps that are coming, and so we do it in an incremental way, in a slow way, and something that we think is in the best interests of the men and women and the country all at the same time. We have got to do that. We have mul-tiple global crises going on in this country. So we can’t just make a deci-sion for today; it has got to be down the line. 
What is it that we need to do? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. What is 
important? What was Secretary Carter talking about? Predictability. Not just for our folks at the Pentagon to be able to make sure the men and women of this country are provided with every-thing that they need, but we also need to be sure that those who work with our country—we have a very strong contractual relationship with the pub-lic-private sector in this country, and we need to provide prediction for them as well. That is why I stand today. I be-lieve it is in the best interests to go back and work this out. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has again ex-pired. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. I work in a 
community of large numbers of mili-tary families. And guess what, the military is no different from the rest of our country. It is made safer and stronger by Homeland Security, by law enforcement, by environmental protec-tion, and by strong education pro-grams. They care about all those things, so they want us to stand up for their children and for their future. 
Mr. Speaker, we can do this together. 
Let’s take that chance. It is worth it. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), the distinguished chair of 
the Subcommittee on Oversight and In-vestigations. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Thank you, Mr. 
Chairman. 
Mr. Speaker, I agree with the lady 
that we need to make hard choices, but we don’t need to do this in this bill. We can’t solve the problems that have been reiterated in this bill. This is a budget issue. I serve on the Budget Committee as 
well, and I believe we need to undo se-questration for our national defense. We need to come up with a comprehen-sive plan to address the cost drivers of our country that are causing us to go into debt. 
b1230 
We need to get our priorities back as 
a country and make sure we provide for the common defense. We need to do that in the budget in a comprehensive way. 
But we don’t need to hold our mili-
tary hostage today by not approving the expenditure of funds for the vital things that they need. That is what my colleagues are doing. I appreciate their intent. I look forward to working with them—many of us do—to solve this overall problem, but today our mili-tary need to know that we are standing behind them and that we are going to authorize them with the things that they need. 
This bill is full of the things that our 
country and our men and women in uniform need. As the chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Sub-committee, we are doing an investiga-tion dealing with the transfer of de-tainees out of GTMO and what hap-pened with Sergeant Bergdahl and the Taliban Five. So I was especially proud of the part in here that makes sure that the detainees are not removed from Guantanamo Bay and brought 
into our local communities. In addi-tion, we set up an additional protocol so that the Secretary of Defense has to certify that any detainees that go to a foreign country, that that country is able to detain them, keep them safe, and make sure that they don’t go back into the fight and continue their ter-rorist activities. 
This bill takes care of our troops. It 
addresses the threats facing us. We have so many. Whether it is what is going on in Ukraine and with Russia, whether it is dealing with ISIL, or whether it is a cyber threat that we have, every day there are threats com-ing around us, and we address them in this bill. That is why we need to pass it. It also provides for the platforms that we need. 
I urge my colleagues to do the right 
thing, to stand with our troops, to pro-vide them with what they need, and to support this bill. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ECK), 
the distinguished chair of the Sub-committee on Military Personnel. 
Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman for yielding. 
As chairman of the House Armed 
Services Subcommittee on Military Personnel, I appreciate Chairman T
HORNBERRY ’s efforts to bring this con-
ference report to the floor. His dedica-tion to our Armed Forces, their fami-lies, and our veterans is commendable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.037 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6774 October 1, 2015 
Supporting the men and women who 
volunteer to pick up a weapon, stand a post, and guard the freedoms and lib-erties that make our Nation great is a primary function of the Federal Gov-ernment. Article I, section 8 of the Constitution, ‘‘to raise and support Ar-mies,’’ ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy,’’ today with adoption of this conference report, we achieve that goal. 
Included in the report are personnel 
provisions that will allow us to recruit and retain the best and brightest, maintain an agile military force, and ensure our brave men and women in uniform are given the benefits they have earned and deserve. 
The President has threatened to veto 
this conference report, even though the report authorizes the amount he re-quested in his own budget, because he is not happy with the manner in which it is provided. He is using our military men and women as political pawns to get increases in nondefense spending. I understand that he has urged some of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ today, and I want to make sure my colleagues know some of the things they would be voting against: 
A new retirement plan that provides 
options and portable retirement bene-fits for individuals who serve less than 20 years, roughly 83 percent of the force; 
A pay raise for our military men and 
women, along with many special pays and bonuses, that are critical to main-taining the all-volunteer force; 
A joint uniform drug formulary be-
tween the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs so that transitioning servicemembers get to stay on the drugs that are working for them as they leave active service; and 
Enhanced protections for sexual as-
sault victims to include expanding ac-cess to Special Victims’ Counsel, pro-tecting victims from retaliation, and improving the military rules of evi-dence. 
If the President follows through with 
his veto threat, servicemembers and their families will be deprived of these significant improvements to their com-pensation and quality of life. 
I urge my colleagues to stand with 
our military men and women and their families and support this report. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining on each side. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Washington has 10 min-utes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 10
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes. 
There was a comment earlier about 
the military being held hostage by these other needs, and I think it is really important to understand that, over the course of the last 5 years, what the military has really been held hostage to is the budget caps, one gov-ernment shutdown, multiple CRs, and multiple threatened government shut-
downs. That is what is holding the military hostage. 
If you talk to them about how they 
have tried to figure out what they can spend money on and what they can’t spend money on throughout that mad-ness—because we can’t pass along a long-term budget, because we can’t lift the budget caps, because we can’t pass appropriations—that is what is holding them hostage. 
A 1- or 2-month delay in passing the 
NDAA—which, by the way, we have passed in December for the last 3 or 4 years—isn’t going to hold them hos-tage at all. What is holding them hos-tage is that ridiculous budget process that I just mentioned. 
And why do we have that ridiculous 
budget process? Because the Repub-lican majority insists on maintaining those budget caps. It is those budget caps that are holding our military hos-tage. Unless we lift them, we will not be able to adequately fund defense. 
I heard a number of times over here 
that the only reason we oppose this is because we want more spending on other programs. That is not even close to true, and it is obvious that no one has been listening to the arguments that I have been making. 
The reason we propose this is because 
it perpetuates our military being held hostage to budget caps, budget gim-micks, CRs, and threatened govern-ment shutdowns. This bill has OCO funding in it. It does not have base budget funding. It does not provide the same amount of money for the Presi-dent that the President’s budget pro-vides because it is not the same money, and the type of money does matter. If you have actual budget authority, if you have actual appropriations, you can spend them over multiple years be-cause you know that they are going to be there. 
It is absurd the way we have budg-
eted for the last 5 years, and what we are doing in opposing this bill is stand-ing up to that absurdity for many rea-sons, I will grant you. Number one is to protect our national security and the men and women who serve in the Armed Forces who have had to live with that government shutdown, those 
CRs, those threatened government shutdowns, and, most importantly, those budget caps that the majority re-fuses to lift. Unless we lift those, the military is going to be in this situation in perpetuity, and that is unacceptable for our national security. 
It is all about national security. It is 
all about defense for why we are oppos-ing this bill. We can’t go on like this and have an adequate national secu-rity. We have to lift the budget caps. 
I will say one other thing. We have to 
raise taxes somewhere. In the last 14 years, we have cut taxes by somewhere in the neighborhood of $7 trillion. Now, 
granted, there are unquestionably places in the budget we can cut, and we cut. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SMITH of Washington. I yield 
myself an additional 2 minutes. 
We have cut Medicare. I know we 
have cut Medicare because the Repub-lican Party ran all kinds of ads bashing us for cutting Medicare back in 2010. We found about $700 billion in savings that has extended the life of the pro-gram and saved money, so we have saved money. 
But the flat refusal to raise any rev-
enue is what has got our military with a hand around its throat, because, be-lieve it or not, you have to actually raise the money if you are going to spend it. 
So as you stand up here complaining 
about all the things that we are not funding in national security and then insist on maintaining the budget caps and insist on not raising a penny in taxes, that is the grossest hypocrisy I can imagine. If you are unhappy with how much money is being spent on the military, then have the guts to raise the caps and raise the taxes to actually pay for it, or just stop talking about it and accept it at that level. 
We are opposing this bill because the 
budget process that we have been under is what is throttling our military. Until we break that grip, until we get an actual appropriations process, until we get the budget caps lifted, and until, I believe, we actually raise some revenues to pay for it, we are not going to be doing adequate service to the men and women of our military. 
I also want to say that I oppose this 
bill because it also continues to keep Guantanamo Bay open at the cost of nearly $3 million per inmate. In addi-tion to being an international problem, it is unbelievably expensive and not necessary. We should shut Guanta-namo. This bill locks in place for an-other year that it will stay open and does not give the President any option or any flexibility in that regard. 
So, again, don’t tell me or anyone 
over here that we are voting ‘‘no’’ for reasons that have nothing to do with national security. How can you pos-sibly look at the last 5 years of budg-eting and the impact that it has had on the Department of Defense and say that getting rid of the budget caps isn’t absolutely critical to national secu-rity? I believe that it is, and that is why we oppose this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 1 minute. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to make a 
couple of points. Number one is I share a lot of the concerns about the effect of sequestration on the military, but as this conversation continues, it is clear-er and clearer that the real problem here is budgets, and now we hear taxes. 
This bill cannot solve either of those 
problems. We cannot rewrite the Tax Code or raise taxes. We can’t repeal ObamaCare. There are lots of things we can’t do. But we can do some things, and we should do that. 
Secondly, a dollar of OCO is a dollar 
spent just as much as a dollar of base 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.038 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6775 October 1, 2015 
is spent, and that is why I say I don’t 
really think if you are on the ground in Afghanistan you care about what the label put on the money is. And, by the way, the increase in the OCO account is operations and maintenance money, which is only good for 1 year anyway. 
Next point. In fiscal year 2013, Israel 
missile defense was funded in OCO, and yet we had Members on that side of the aisle, including some who are com-plaining about that, vote for it. That is what we do sometimes. 
Finally, this President signed into 
law the exact provisions on restricting GTMO transfers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. I yield myself an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. Speaker, in 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 
2014, this President signed into law the exact restrictions on Guantanamo transfers that we have in this bill. Now, is it all of a sudden such a big deal that he has decided that he is going to veto the bill over it? I think that is a hard case to make. 
Mr. Speaker, at this point, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), the 
distinguished chair of the House Small Business Committee. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, the passage of an an-
nual National Defense Authorization Act to lay out our Nation’s defense and national security priorities is one of our most important duties as Members of Congress. 
This year is no different, especially 
given the very serious conflicts hap-pening around the globe—in Eastern 
Europe, in the Middle East, in the South China Sea—which have serious implications for our own security and for our allies. 
This year’s NDAA makes a number of 
positive changes to DOD small business contracting policies to help ensure that small businesses throughout the coun-try can continue to perform the crit-ical support functions that help make America’s military still the best in the world. 
Mr. Speaker, having a small business 
industrial base means taxpayers ben-efit from increased competition, inno-vation, and job creation. Since 2013, we have lost over 25 percent of the small firms registered to do business with the government—25 percent. That is over 100,000 small businesses. The reforms in this year’s NDAA, the bill that we are considering now, takes steps to reverse that trend. 
The White House has threatened to 
veto this bill. That is a shame because this bipartisan, bicameral bill defends small businesses and ensures that the spirit of entrepreneurship is alive and well in our industrial base. This isn’t about political gamesmanship—at least it shouldn’t be. This is about two of the most bipartisan issues in the political arena: the men and women in uniform and the small businesses that employ half of our American workforce. I sincerely hope that the President 
reconsiders and enacts this bipartisan, bicameral bill. 
I want to thank a number of mem-
bers of my committee who have con-tributed to this year’s bill, including Mr. H
ARDY of Nevada, Mr. K NIGHT of 
California, Mr. B OST of Illinois, Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN  
of American Samoa, and Mr. H ANNA of 
New York. I would also like to thank a number of other Members and thank Mr. T
HORNBERRY . 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1245 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ). 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, our 
military must always be available and able to ready, aim, fire at a moment’s notice. The threats we face around the world today demand it; and as soldier and a veteran, I can tell you that ‘‘ready’’ in the military needs to be spoken as a command, not proposed as a question. 
There is one crucial element: our 
military has to be ready to engage the threats. This bill ensures our military readiness, and it ensures that there is a plan for 2016. 
From ISIS to Russia to North Korea, 
the threats we face are too serious to wait any longer. But in the same week that the President was surprised by the Russians bombing U.S.-backed forces in Syria, he is threatening to veto this National Defense bill. 
Veto our national security, really? I encourage the President to use his 
phone, and to paraphrase his own words, to call the 1980s and ask for their foreign policy back because we need it. That policy demands that our military must be backed by the full confidence of this government now. This can’t wait. 
Pass this pay raise for our troops. 
Pass this to give our troops new retire-ment benefits. Pass this to keep our critical weapons systems at an oper-ational level. 
Mr. Speaker, we have been working 
on this legislation since the beginning of this year. It is a good bill that ad-heres to the law, and it is the certainty our troops need. 
Pass this bill. Our troops need it. 
They don’t let you down. Don’t let them down. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ), the dis-
tinguished vice chair of the Sub-committee on Readiness. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the conference re-port to H.R. 1735, the fiscal year 2016 NDAA. I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY  
for his leadership, guidance, and tire-less efforts on this imperative piece of legislation. Just this past week, the major head-
line coming out of Afghanistan was the Taliban’s seizure of the prominent town of Kunduz. This serves as yet an-other reminder to us all that this re-gion of the world remains unstable and brings about challenges to our national security. The fiscal year 2016 NDAA provides our Nation’s Armed Forces with the resources they need to defend our national security. 
Since September 11, the Army’s 10th 
Mountain Division out of Fort Drum, which I am honored to represent, has been the most actively forward de-ployed division to Iraq and Afghani-stan. Yet sadly, just this past month, Specialist Kyle Gilbert, a soldier from the 10th Mountain Division, died in Af-ghanistan while serving our Nation. 
In New York’s North Country, our 
community and our military families understand what fighting for our Na-tion’s liberties and freedoms truly means. 
So when I express my support for the 
NDAA, the tools it provides and how it enables our Armed Forces to defend our Nation from organizations who cre-ate volatility and terrorism around the world, I am speaking for my constitu-ents, those servicemen and -women who are overseas right now in highly kinetic combat zones fighting to pro-tect you and me, our families, and our Nation. 
Colleagues, the fiscal year 2016 NDAA 
allows for our Armed Forces to plan and operate according to what we as a nation have asked of them. We must support the NDAA to maintain our readiness and provide for our military. 
As leaders here today, we know we 
cannot continue to task our troops with doing more with less as defense sequestration cuts remain. The con-ference report to FY 2016 NDAA pro-vides relief from these harmful defense sequestration cuts, but more must be done. 
Let me remind my colleagues across 
the aisle sequestration was proposed by this administration, signed into law by this President, and passed by a pre-vious Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. I yield an addi-
tional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from New York. 
Ms. STEFANIK. When the NDAA 
comes before the President’s desk, I hope he realizes a veto threat could threaten the safety of our Nation’s servicemembers and our country’s de-fense. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting and voting for the NDAA. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I will go ahead and start with that 
last comment because it is a popular trope that is trotted out all the time about how sequestration was the Presi-dent’s idea and, therefore, it is not our fault, which is a fascinating argument because I was actually here when that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.039 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6776 October 1, 2015 
happened, and I don’t think it is clear 
exactly whose idea sequestration was. 
What is clear is that the reason that 
we did the Budget Control Act and se-questration was because the Repub-lican majority in the House was refus-ing to raise the debt ceiling, refusing to allow us to borrow money at a time when we had to borrow it. How do we think that would have impacted na-tional security and our troops? 
I voted against the Budget Control 
Act, but I have often said I don’t hold anything against those who voted for it because they basically had a gun to their head. The Budget Control Act was an awful piece of legislation, but not raising the debt ceiling, not paying our debts, you know, stopping the abil-ity of the United States of America to borrow money, was clearly worse. 
So this partisan argument that, oh, 
you know, sequestration was the Presi-dent’s idea so therefore it is not our fault is about as absurd an argument as I have ever heard. Number one, because like I said, the only reason that that discussion was on the table was be-cause it was blackmail for raising the debt ceiling, which had to be raised. 
Number two, it has been a good 5 
years since then. The Republicans now control both the House and the Senate, and they had an opportunity to pass a budget resolution this year. They passed a budget resolution that held those caps and sequestration firmly in place, and that is not good for our troops and it is not good for our na-tional security. 
So let’s move on to that appropria-
tions process; get those budget caps lifted for the sake of a whole lot of dif-ferent issues. That brings me back to the National Defense Authorization Act and the fact that, by locking in the OCO, by accepting those budget caps, by using OCO funds, we are once again putting the Pentagon in a situation where they don’t know how much money they are going to have and they have no predictability whatsoever. 
It is the OCO in this bill that is the 
reason that I oppose it and the reason that most Democrats oppose it because that OCO is harmful to national secu-rity. We need a real budget. We need real budget authority and real appro-priations. Voting for a bill that puts in place the OCO instead of that simply perpetuates the nightmare of the last 5 years of uncertainty. Like I said, we are going to have a motion to recom-mit here in a moment that easily fixes this problem. 
I agree with 95 percent of the rest of 
the bill. I don’t agree with all of it. The chairman said, you know, we nego-tiated some things; they were up, they were down. By and large, it is a good bill. But the 5 percent that is bad is so bad that it does justify a ‘‘no’’ vote be-cause it perpetuates this bad budget situation and is a very easy fix. 
Take the OCO out of it and put it in 
the base budget. It is very simple. That is what we are going to propose in the motion to recommit. You will see Democrats vote for that because we 
support funding this. What we don’t support is maintaining the budget caps through an obvious budget gimmick. 
I had a fascinating conversation with 
a member of the Rules Committee yes-terday on the other side of the aisle who said he was very, very proud of the Budget Control Act, said it was the best vote he had taken in Congress. In-teresting that it was supposedly all the President’s fault. But he really sup-ported the Budget Control Act. He felt those caps were absolutely necessary. And I said: Well, then you must oppose the NDAA because it busts those caps by $38 billion. He said a lot of things at that point, but he never answered my question. 
So this dodge of saying that we are 
going to create sort of money that really isn’t money in order to, for one brief period of time, fund isolated pro-grams within the Pentagon does not help national security. The only thing that is going to help national security is by getting rid of the OCO dodge and budgeting honestly. So that is why we oppose this bill. 
Yes, I believe that budget caps should 
be raised for the other bills as well, in part, because I think a lot of those De-partments are important to national security, as I mentioned: the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, the De-partment of Justice, the Department of the Treasury. 
More than anything, we oppose this 
bill because of how bad it is for the Pentagon. That is the reason the Sec-retary of Defense opposed it. That is the reason all of the Joint Chiefs of Staff oppose it. They want an actual budget. They want actual, dependable money, the way things used to be be-fore 2010 when we would actually pass appropriations bills and they could plan more than a month or two at a time. If we pass this bill, we simply perpetuate that process. 
We will pass an NDAA. We will re-
solve one way or the other our appro-priations difference, and we will get it done, but passing this bill now simply perpetuates a bad situation that is bad for our troops and bad for national se-curity. For that reason, I oppose it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to start with one 
of the points I made at the beginning, and that is to thank the staff, espe-cially on both sides of the aisle, who spent a lot of hours, disrupted a lot of plans, put in incredible effort back and forth to come up with this conference report. Members on both sides of the aisle and both sides of the Capitol con-tributed to the product that we are about to vote on. 
Mr. Speaker, for 53 straight years 
Congresses of both parties have passed and Presidents of both parties have signed into law Defense Authorization bills. 
There were a handful of times—and it 
is exactly four—when a President ve-toed a Defense Authorization bill, and 
every single time it was because of something that was in the bill. So it came back to Congress, there were ad-justments made, it went back to the White House, and he signed it into law. 
Never before has a Defense Author-
ization bill been held hostage, not be-cause of something that is in it, but trying to force Congress to take action on some other matter. Now, we have talked a lot today about appropria-tions, about budget, even about taxes. None of those things can happen with the Defense Authorization bill. 
The reason it has never happened be-
fore is because it would be irrespon-sible to hold defense hostage to an-other domestic agenda, a political agenda, even a broader budget agenda. And it unnecessarily threatens the na-tional security of the United States. This is a first, and this first is hap-pening at a particularly dangerous time. 
There is nothing in this bill that 
could solve the problem that we have heard so much about. It is an author-ization bill. It is not appropriations. It is not budget. It is not a tax bill. It is a defense policy bill. 
We have heard from time to time the 
military opposes it. No. They say, ‘‘I would rather do it differently,’’ and I would, too. But I have specifically asked general after general, Would you rather have the money or not, and they always say they would rather have the money. Even though it is not an ideal way to do budgets, it is better to have the money than not. 
By the way, there is a provision in 
here so that if we can, as I hope we do, reach a budget agreement in a different appropriations matter, the authoriza-tions are adjusted accordingly. 
The bottom line is, if Members vote 
against this bill, they are voting against everything in it. You may say you are for it, but you are voting against it. 
So what I think our troops deserve 
and what the world needs to hear, espe-cially at this point in time, is that Washington can work. We may not solve all the problems today, but we can do something that is good and that we are willing to stand up and take ac-tion to help defend ourselves. That is what this bill is about. 
I hope Members will support it. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
will vote against H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 because it is a budget gimmick, shamelessly hiding behind the guise of national security. Make no mistake—America would be less safe were this bill to move forward in its present form. 
The President has already said—as he has 
been saying for months—that he will veto this bill if it misuses Overseas Contingency Oper-ation funds to evade the congressionally man-dated budget caps. Sadly, but not surprisingly, Congressional Republicans did exactly that and worse. They had an opportunity to avoid leaving our troops in the lurch by pursuing a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.041 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6777 October 1, 2015 
balanced and fair budget deal that would un-
wind the reckless sequester for the national security activities at non-defense agencies like State, Homeland Security, and the VA. 
In addition, this Authorization contains a 
budget-busting time bomb, the National Sea- Based Deterrence Fund, which is such a naked attempt to rob sister accounts to pay for pet projects that, for the third year in a row, Congressional appropriators have refused to fund. 
The Sea-Based Deterrence Fund was cre-
ated in the FY15 Defense Authorization be-
cause the Navy could not afford to simulta-neously build back up to a 300-plus surface fleet and procure 12 Ohio-class replacement nuclear submarines. The Sea-Based Deter-rence Fund didn’t solve their problem of how SSBN(X) would be paid for. It simply shifted that burden onto the larger Pentagon budget. According to a recent Congressional Research Service report, the new ballistic missile sub-marine program is expected to cost $139 bil-lion. Sadly, the account grew worse in con-ference by expanding its use to also include attack submarines and aircraft carriers. This account is emblematic of a larger problem, which is that this Defense Authorization marches our country towards a complete re-build of our nuclear arsenal and triad, some-thing that a Congressionally-appointed Na-tional Defense Panel estimated will cost up to $1 trillion. 
While I cannot support this bill, I want to ac-
knowledge the leadership taken by the House and Senate Armed Services Committee Chairs and Ranking Members for tackling some tough issues in this Authorization that previous ef-forts have ignored. This bill includes bipartisan acquisition reform aimed at containing defense spending, difficult but necessary military retire-ment and benefit changes, and makes strides towards rightsizing the Pentagon workforce. 
Critically, it includes provisions that I cham-
pioned to reform and extend the Afghan Spe-cial Immigrant Visa (SW) program for those brave Afghan men and women who risked their lives to aid our troops, but are now in danger as a result of their courageous service. We cannot allow more of our Afghan allies, and their families, to fall victim to the merci-less Taliban. Should this Defense Authoriza-tion succumb to a protracted political fight, these provisions dealing with the Afghan SIV program should be broken off and moved through Congress as standalone legislation. I am prepared to introduce and push such a bill, as I’ve done in the past. 
Though some hard decisions were made in 
this Defense Authorization, that leadership is overshadowed by continued budget gimmickry on Overseas Contingency Funds, the Sea Based Deterrence Fund, and harmful policy riders such as the continued effort to prevent the administration from rightfully closing Guan-tanamo Bay. 
Both the House and Senate Ranking Mem-
bers of the Armed Services Committees could not support this bill. Nor can I. The president will veto it. That’s because our men and women in uniform should not be taken hos-tage in a budgetary circus. Just yesterday, 151 Republicans voted to shutdown the gov-ernment, including our military. America can-not be great if it’s subject to one manufactured crisis after another. We can get this right. All it would take is a little leadership and some common sense. Sadly, both are in short sup-ply in this process. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 449, 
the previous question is ordered. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. I am. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Smith of Washington moves to recom-
mit the conference report on the bill H.R. 1735 to the committee of conference with in-structions to the managers on the part of the House to— 
(1) agree to section 1501 of the Senate 
amendment in lieu of section 1501, as passed by the House; 
(2) agree to section 1505 of the Senate 
amendment in lieu of section 1504, as passed by the House; 
(3) disagree to section 4303 in the con-
ference substitute recommended by the com-mittee of conference; and 
(4) insist that the conference substitute 
recommended by the committee of con-ference be modified— 
(A) by transferring the funding table in 
section 4303 to appear after the last line of section 4301 so as to be included in the fund-ing table in section 4301; 
(B) in section 1301(b), by striking ‘‘section 
1504’’ and inserting ‘‘section 301’’; 
(C) in section 1301(b), by striking ‘‘section 
4303’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4301’’; and 
(D) in section 1522(a), by striking para-
graph (4). 
Mr. SMITH of Washington (during 
the reading). I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The mo-
tion is not debatable. 
Without objection, the previous ques-
tion is ordered on the motion to recom-mit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on adoption of the conference re-port, if ordered; and passage of H.R. 3457. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 186, nays 241, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 531] 
YEAS—186 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty 
Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC7.014 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6778 October 1, 2015 
Joyce 
Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer 
Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Culberson 
Gutie´rrez 
Hudson Kelly (IL) 
Neal Perlmutter Reichert 
b1326 
Mr. JOLLY changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. CARO-LYN B. MALONEY of New York, Messrs. ENGEL, SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and RUSH changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the conference report. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 270, nays 156, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 532] 
YEAS—270 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum 
Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos 
Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Hill Holding Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—156 
Adams Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Crowley 
Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (TN) Edwards 
Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kind Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin 
Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Nolan Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Culberson Gutie´rrez 
Hudson Kelly (IL) 
Neal Perlmutter Reichert 
Sanchez, Loretta 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1333 
So the conference report was agreed 
to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, while I voted 
‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 532, I intended to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1735, the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF IRANIAN 
TERRORISM ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 3457) to prohibit the lifting of sanctions on Iran until the Government of Iran pays the judg-ments against it for acts of terrorism, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 251, nays 173, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 533] 
YEAS—251 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford 
Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek 
Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC7.022 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6779 October 1, 2015 
Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) 
Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill 
Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—173 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa 
Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee 
Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Collins (NY) Culberson Gutie´rrez 
Hudson Johnson (GA) 
Kelly (IL) Neal Perlmutter Reichert 
Russell 
b1341 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Thursday, October 1, 2015 due to a family emergency. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 532, a vote on agreeing to the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 1735, National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 because we cannot continue to put military spending on the credit card and violate our budget rules while critical domestic investments are slashed. 
I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 
533, a vote on final passage of H.R. 3457, Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act be-cause I support peace and the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) to prevent a nuclear Iran. 
Finally, had I been present, I would have 
voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall votes 529 and 530, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 531. 
f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE 
SENATE 
A further message from the Senate 
by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, an-nounced that the Senate has passed a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 2835. An act to actively recruit mem-
bers of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs 
and Border Protection Officers. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CORRECTIONS TO 
THE ENROLLMENT OF THE BILL H.R. 1735 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
send to the desk a concurrent resolu-tion and I ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 81 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of 
the bill H.R. 1735, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall in section 1301(b)— 
(1) strike ‘‘section 1504’’ and insert ‘‘sec-
tion 301’’; and 
(2) strike ‘‘section 4303’’ and insert ‘‘sec-
tion 4301’’. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 702 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 702. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
b1345 
AMERICAN SAMOA MINIMUM 
WAGE INCREASE POSTPONEMENT 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 2617) to amend the Fair Min-imum Wage Act of 2007 to postpone a scheduled increase in the minimum wage applicable to American Samoa, with the Senate amendments thereto, and concur in the Senate amendments. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the Senate amend-ments. 
The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendments: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. MINIMUM WAGE FOR AMERICAN 
SAMOA. 
(a) M INIMUM WAGE.—Paragraph (2) of section 
8103(b) of the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2007 (29 U.S.C. 206 note) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(2) the minimum wage applicable to Amer-
ican Samoa under section 6(a)(1) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 206(a)(1)) shall be— 
‘‘(A) the applicable wage rate in effect for 
each industry and classification as of September 29, 2015; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01OC7.027 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6780 October 1, 2015 
‘‘(B) increased by $0.40 an hour (or such lesser 
amount as may be necessary to equal the min-imum wage under section 6(a)(1) of such Act), beginning on September 30, 2015, and on Sep-tember 30 of every third year thereafter, until the minimum wage applicable to American Samoa under this paragraph is equal to the minimum wage set forth in such section.’’. 
(b) GAO R
EPORTS .—Section 8104 of the Fair 
Minimum Wage Act of 2007 (29 U.S.C. 206 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘September 1, 2011’’ and in-
serting ‘‘April 1, 2017’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence and insert-
ing the following: ‘‘The Government Account-ability Office shall submit a subsequent report not later than April 1, 2020.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the study 
under subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘any report under subsection (a)’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON ALTERNATIVE METHODS OF IN-
CREASING THE MINIMUM WAGE IN AMERICAN  
SAMOA .—Not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of ‘An Act to amend the Fair Min-imum Wage Act of 2007 to reduce a scheduled in-crease in the minimum wage applicable to Amer-ican Samoa’, the Government Accountability Office shall transmit to Congress a report on al-ternative ways of increasing the minimum wage in American Samoa to keep pace with the cost of living in American Samoa and to eventually equal the minimum wage set forth in section 6(a)(1) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 206(a)(1)).’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This Act, and the 
amendments made by this Act, shall take effect as of September 29, 2015. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
(during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that we dis-pense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the original request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘An Act to amend the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2007 to reduce a scheduled increase in the minimum wage applicable to American Samoa.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for the second vote in the series of votes that we just took on rollcall vote No. 532. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
f 
PERMISSION TO FILE SUPPLE-
MENTAL REPORT ON H.R. 702 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce be au-thorized to file a supplemental report on the bill H.R. 702. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
W
ESTERMAN ). Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. STEM EDUCATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1020) to define STEM education to include computer science, and to support exist-ing STEM education programs at the National Science Foundation, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. 
The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
On page 5, strike lines 3 through 4 and in-
sert the following: 
(3) in subsections (e) and (f), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (g)’’ each place it appears, and inserting ‘‘subsection (h)’’; 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the majority leader, for 
the purpose of inquiring about the schedule for the week to come. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes 
are expected in the House. 
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 
noon for morning-hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be post-poned until 6:30. 
On Wednesday and Thursday, the 
House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning- hour and noon for legislative business. 
On Friday, the House will meet at 9 
a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. 
Mr. Speaker, the House will consider 
a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business tomorrow. 
In addition, the House will consider 
H.R. 3192, the Homebuyers Assistance Act, sponsored by Representative F
RENCH HILLof Arkansas. This bipar-
tisan bill will provide relief to every-one who is doing their best to comply with the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau’s mortgage loan disclosure rule. 
Mr. Speaker, the House will also con-
sider H.R. 538, the Native American En-ergy Act, sponsored by Representative D
ONYOUNG of Alaska, which is nec-
essary to expedite energy production on tribal lands. 
And, finally, Mr. Speaker, the House 
will consider H.R. 702, sponsored by Representative J
OEBARTON of Texas. 
Oil exports are key to creating Amer-ican jobs and furthering America’s en-ergy renaissance. Given the increased security threats 
facing the United States and its allies, the presence of more American oil in the global marketplace will offer more secure supply options. This will provide America with greater foreign policy in-fluence as well as strengthening our economic and national security. 
I thank the gentleman. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for that information. 
Mr. Speaker, the last 2 weeks have 
been filled with a lot of things going on in this House. But I know the majority leader would be profoundly dis-appointed if I didn’t ask him about one thing that doesn’t seem to be going on, but which I think is critically impor-tant. 
I know the majority leader, Mr. 
Speaker, joins with me in not wanting to see American jobs lost overseas or American jobs not created here in America for American workers because we are able to make products and sell them overseas. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I would ask the dis-
tinguished majority leader, knowing full well, as he does, that Jeff Immelt, the CEO of GE, was here; and he spoke to both Democrats and Republicans. I know he talked about 500 U.S. jobs going overseas because we have not yet reauthorized the Export-Import Bank. 
The Senate voted 64–29 to reopen the 
Bank. They voted in July. Almost two- thirds of the United States Senate. 
As the majority leader is tired of 
hearing, I know, but I still believe there is a significant majority of Mem-bers in this House that would vote for it. 
Now, I want to tell you, Mr. Speaker, 
I was extraordinarily pleased to read— I didn’t hear, but read—the majority leader’s comments when he was talking about the failure of the Senate to pro-ceed on a vote of disapproval or ap-proval on the agreement with Iran on nuclear arms control. 
He said he was deeply distressed that 
‘‘so consequential that they demand re-visions to the Senate’s procedures.’’ And he went on to say those revisions would be ‘‘to let the people’’—in this case, the Senate—‘‘have a voice’’ That was quoted in The Wall Street Journal just a few days ago. 
I know the gentleman doesn’t want 
us to lose jobs. I know he is quoted as saying that the people’s voice ought to be heard. I know that he shares with me that this is the people’s House. 
And I ask the gentleman: It is not on 
the schedule next week, but does the gentleman expect the Export-Import Bank to be voted on in this House be-fore the end of this month? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
In honor of the late Yogi Berra, ‘‘It’s 
like deja vu all over again.’’ There is no action scheduled in the House on Ex-Im. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, that is the 
answer I expected. That is the answer I have been getting. And, very frankly, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC7.020 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6781 October 1, 2015 
that is the answer this House has been 
getting. 
I know some of my Republican 
friends are very frustrated by that an-swer, and I know all of our side is frus-trated by that answer. 
I will say respectfully to my friend I 
would certainly hope we could bring that bill to the floor. 
Win or lose, whether you win or I win 
or Export-Import Bank is reauthorized or not, you are correct: the voice of the people should be heard on such a crit-ical issue for jobs in this country. 
Also, I know that we had marked up 
in committees reconciliation bills. Those reconciliation bills repeal provi-sions of the Affordable Care Act and defund Planned Parenthood. 
The gentleman I think knows full 
well that the United States Senate voted on the Planned Parenthood issue and only got 47 votes for it. So in the one instance, we have an issue that got three less than one-half of the United States Senate being proposed to come to this floor, and an issue that got 64 votes in the United States Senate, as the gentleman so correctly observed, is not yet scheduled. 
Can the gentleman tell me whether 
or not these reconciliation provisions are going to be brought to this floor, knowing full well that they won’t pass the Senate and, even if they did, the President wouldn’t sign them and we would sustain that veto? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Knowing the rules of reconciliation, I 
do believe it will pass the Senate. 
The three committees that received 
reconciliation instructions from the Budget Committee have marked up their portions, as the gentleman has said. 
I do expect the Budget Committee to 
meet in the near future to complete their work, and we will notify Members as soon as that is scheduled for the floor. 
Mr. HOYER. Thank you. Mr. Speaker, we may have a dif-
ference of opinion, but perhaps we will see who is right on whether it passes the United States Senate or not. I un-derstand reconciliation only needs a majority, but we will see. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to also ask the 
majority leader: One of the issues that I know the majority leader has been working on—and I know that all of us on this floor feel it to be very, very im-portant to pass before October 30, when the highway bill authorization expires, and I know the gentleman from Cali-fornia is a strong supporter of it. Clear-ly we need to invest in infrastructure, again, to expand the economy. 
Can the gentleman tell me what pros-
pects we have on passing or at least considering the highway bill? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
As the gentleman knows, the hardest 
thing to do in this town is to find pay- fors. But Chairman R YANcontinues to 
have bipartisan discussions on ways to pay for the long-term highway bill. 
I have had follow-up meetings with 
him today, and they are progressing over in the Senate. I have met with Chairman S
HUSTER even today as well, 
and I expect an announcement very shortly on committee movement. 
We will advise Members as soon as 
action is taken to schedule it for the floor. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the leader. I hope that optimism is realized and 
that we do have the opportunity to consider a highway bill. I would urge the majority leader to urge those who are working on a resolution that the pay-fors, which are difficult, as he ob-serves, are pay-fors which can be sup-ported in a bipartisan fashion. 
I think that is important not only to 
pass the Senate, but to be signed by the President. And we all, I think, share the view that this is a very, very important bill for us to get done. 
With that, unless the majority leader 
may want to reconsider and tell me the Export-Import Bank is coming to the floor, which apparently he doesn’t, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMOR-
ROW; AND ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2015, TO TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6, 2015 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that, when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. tomorrow, and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, October 6, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
f 
b1400 
CONGRATULATING JOHNSTOWN, 
PENNSYLVANIA, HOCKEYVILLE, USA 
(Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Johnstown, Pennsylvania, for hosting the first-ever Kraft Hockeyville USA game this week and the Pittsburgh Penguins for their 4–2 victory over the Tampa Bay Light-ning in the game. 
The Kraft competition to choose 
America’s Hockeyville was conducted in partnership with the National Hock-ey League Players’ Association and the National Hockey League. Towns across the country submitted stories showing their passion for hockey, and more than 20 million votes were cast. But as the contest results revealed, few places in America love hockey like Johnstown does, and Johnstown rightly deserves 
the title, ‘‘Hockeyville, USA.’’ 
Johnstown was the home of the fic-
tional hockey team the Charleston Chiefs in the 1977 movie, ‘‘Slap Shot.’’ Scenes from the movie were filmed at Cambria County War Memorial Arena. We also can’t forget the Johnstown Jets, who played here from 1950 to 1977 and won five Eastern Hockey League championships from 1951 to 1962. 
As Penguins coach Mike Johnston 
said after the Penguins’ victory: ‘‘It’s a great arena. The excitement in the building, the excitement in town, I just think it’s special.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GROWING 
HUMANITARIAN CRISIS IN SYRIA 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the growing humanitarian crisis in Syria. As a result of the Syrian civil war and continuing military operations against ISIL, over 4 million people have been forced to seek refuge outside of Syria. 
The Syrian crisis has quickly become 
an international crisis, and it requires the attention and the assistance of every nation. Many may see this crisis as a distant problem, but the reality is this is a global world now and everyone is interconnected. 
As each nation continues to resettle 
refugees, we must ensure that they are provided the best resources, and this requires international cooperation. It is not just about providing financial as-sistance, but understanding that these refugees are people. They are people who have been forced out of their coun-try, might have left their families, and are struggling to survive on a daily basis. 
Mr. Speaker, as the U.S. is com-
mitted to accepting more refugees, I urge our country to have compassion and to commit to providing the nec-essary resources to address this ongo-ing crisis. 
f 
THE GENOCIDE OF CHRISTIANS 
ACROSS THE MIDDLE EAST 
(Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
join my colleague from Orange County, California, and her deep concern for what is going on in the Middle East. 
Today I rise to speak out about the 
genocide that is taking place in the Middle East, that is being committed against Christians across the Middle East. They are being victimized and targeted for genocide. Violent radical Islamists have targeted Middle Eastern Christians for extinction, killing them, forcing them from their homes, and burning their churches. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.054 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6782 October 1, 2015 
Hundreds of thousands of Christians 
have been forced to flee. The United States needs to do what we can to save these Christian victims, as we have saved other refugees throughout our history 
Mr. Speaker, all of us who believe in 
religious freedom and tolerance need to stand up and state clearly that we won’t sit quietly as a genocide takes place on our watch. I ask my col-leagues to join me in cosponsoring a resolution that I have here in my hand, that resolution declaring Middle East-ern Christians as targets of genocide and giving them priority for immigra-tion and refugee status. 
We have been silent already for too 
long. It is time for this body to make sure that our words are heard and our deeds are taken. This is a good place to start, and I ask my colleagues to join me in this resolution which I will now submit to the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
BUDGET NEGOTIATIONS 
(Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, yes-
terday I and many of my colleagues had to hold our noses as we voted for a short-term continuing resolution. The CR, thankfully, did not cut funding to Planned Parenthood, which provided 2.7 million Americans—women, men, and youth—with medical services last year. But this CR is only good until December 11, and it leaves out funding for a vital program like the Ex-Im Bank. In less than 10 weeks, we will be right back here fighting against an-other government shutdown. 
Mr. Speaker, do we really want to 
fail our military veterans, our seniors, our families, and our voters? I say no. Let’s do the right thing. Let’s do our job. Let’s come up with a long-term budget that serves the American peo-ple, American businesses, and the American economy. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LOREN THORSON OF 
GREEN VALLEY, ARIZONA 
(Ms. M CSALLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, we are 
called the people’s House for a reason. We are sent to Washington to be the di-rect voices of our constituents back home. Last week, it was my honor to take action on an issue that was origi-nally brought to my attention by one of my constituents from Green Valley, Arizona. 
Loren Thorson served in World War 
II as a Navy commander. When he saw a report 5 years ago describing a little- known tax increase in the Affordable Care Act that is hurting families and is scheduled to hit seniors in 2017, he looked into it and knew something had to be done. He has sent letters, made phone calls, written editorials, and 
done much more to raise the alarm about this little-known issue. 
After hearing about this issue from 
him, my office has worked with Mem-bers from both parties in the House and in the Senate to move the issue for-ward and fix it. Those efforts resulted in my introduction last week of bipar-tisan legislation, with my lead, to re-peal this tax hike and put Loren’s ideas into action. 
Mr. Speaker, this is how our govern-
ment is supposed to work. I am grate-ful for Loren’s tireless efforts to pro-tect seniors and middle class families, and I will continue to work to advance his and my constituents’ ideas in Con-gress. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE THE EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK 
(Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, for too 
long, this Congress has governed from one crisis to the next. Yesterday, when we were just hours away from another self-inflicted Washington wound, two news pieces were published that I would like to share: number one, the CEO of Honeywell, a company with a significant presence in my district, published an article about the eco-nomic damage of Congress’ failure to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank; then Bloomberg published a story with the headline, ‘‘Boeing Risks Losing $1.1 Billion Jet Order on Ex-Im Shutdown.’’ 
Washington gridlock is putting the 
jobs of thousands of Americans at risk. This includes hundreds of the people I serve in Rockford and the Quad Cities. 
But today is a new day; it is a new 
month. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to turn over a new leaf of bi-partisanship. Let’s work together, re-authorize the Ex-Im Bank, and protect these good-paying manufacturing jobs before it is too late. 
f 
THE MEDICAL EVALUATION PAR-
ITY FOR SERVICEMEMBERS ACT 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, just a few minutes ago, I cast an affirmative vote for the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for 2016. However, I do have great concern over an important measure which was all but removed from the legislation we voted on today. 
Earlier this year, I authored the Med-
ical Evaluation Parity for Service-members, or MEPS, Act. The MEPS Act would improve military suicide prevention by instituting a mental health assessment for all incoming military recruits, which can be used as a baseline for evaluations throughout their military careers. The conferenced version of the NDAA merely calls for the Department of Defense to continue 
to study such a screening. 
Mr. Speaker, this issue has been 
studied thoroughly over the past sev-eral years. I strongly urge the Pen-tagon to act quickly to take steps in better assessing the mental health of our servicemen and -women with a commonsense baseline evaluation. 
A recent Army study found that 
nearly one in five Army soldiers enter the service with a psychiatric disorder, and nearly half of all soldiers who tried suicide first attempted it before enlist-ing. 
I call on the Pentagon to stop study-
ing to death the death of our soldiers. Mr. Speaker, we need to act now. 
f 
THE BENGHAZI COMMITTEE 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
have a great deal of respect for this in-
stitution that I have had the privilege of serving. As a member of the Judici-ary Committee, I am very grateful for the extent of our jurisdiction that em-braces the Constitution, and I believe justice is important. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in great con-
sternation, concern, and condemnation of the statement made by the Repub-lican leadership that the Benghazi Committee is not for factfinding, it is not for recognizing the tragic loss of four Americans, but it is really to in-sult and degrade a public servant who happens to be a Presidential candidate. How tragic that we would engage in such tomfoolery. In spite of the Con-stitution and the Madison Papers, it talks about doing justice. 
As a member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, I was engaged in impeachment proceedings, the investigation of Waco, investigation of antitrust issues, held a trial for a judge who acted improperly, a Federal judge. That is the factfinding role of this Nation. 
While we are fooling around with a 
committee that is there to do nothing but deal with political aggrandizing and we have not passed a Zadroga Act that helps our 9/11 first responders, I would only ask that we stop and end this committee because it is not doing justice as the United States calls us to do. 
Mr. Speaker, the Constitution gives 
us our guideposts. Why don’t we follow it? 
f 
HONORING ARTHUR WILLIAM 
‘‘BILL’’ BAILEY, JR. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
WALKER ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Arthur William ‘‘Bill’’ Bailey, Jr., of Waco, Texas, who passed away on August 18, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.056 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6783 October 1, 2015 
Bill Bailey was a Korean war vet-
eran, a renowned Waco businessman, and a distinguished alumnus and former regent at Baylor University. He touched many lives in the Waco and Baylor communities, and he will be greatly missed. 
Bill was born in Waco on April 24, 
1929. He graduated from Waco High School in 1946 and enrolled in Baylor University. On December 15, 1950, Bill married his high school sweetheart, Roberta Hatch. They were married for almost 64 years prior to Roberta’s pass-ing in 2014. Roberta and Bill had 3 sons and were blessed with 10 grandchildren and 4 great-grandchildren. 
Bill graduated from Baylor Univer-
sity in 1951 with a B.A. degree and a law degree. While at Baylor, he was a member of the debate team and the Baylor Chamber of Commerce. 
Bill served our Nation in the United 
States Air Force as a first lieutenant in the JAG division during the Korean war. He was ultimately promoted to captain in the U.S. Air Force Reserves. 
After concluding his service to our 
Nation, Bill returned to Waco to enter into the insurance business. In 1956, he established his own independent insur-ance agency, Bill Bailey Insurance Agency, which is now known as Bailey Insurance and Risk Management, Inc. He became a noted State and national leader in the insurance industry. 
Mr. Speaker, because of his expertise 
in risk management, he was called upon to testify before the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives committees as well as the Federal Reserve Board, all on behalf of the insurance industry. 
In 1969, Bill teamed up with a group 
of his fellow Texas insurance agents to establish the Certified Insurance Coun-selors Program, which focused on teaching advanced insurance topics to ensure high-quality standards of ethics and professionalism in the insurance industry. This program would become the foundation of the National Alliance for Insurance Education and Research. Today, these certification programs are conducted in all 50 States with more than 150,000 participants annu-ally. 
Bill held many prestigious positions 
on various boards, including as the chairman of the Board of Governors for the National Alliance for Insurance Education and Research; the president of the Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers Association of America; the liaison to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners for the Independent Insurance Agents and Bro-kers Association of America; and as di-rector, executive committee member, and past vice chairman of the Texas National Bank of Waco. 
Bill’s work in the insurance industry 
was honored by the Independent Insur-ance Agents and Brokers Association of America when they dedicated their conference room in the Washington, D.C., office as the A. William Bailey, Jr., Conference Room. He was also a recipient of the Inde-
pendent Insurance Agents and Brokers Association of America Woodworth Me-morial Award for Meritorious Service to the Insurance Profession, as well as the Drex Foreman Award of the Inde-pendent Insurance Agents of Texas. Both of these are the highest distinc-tions for these respective organiza-tions. 
b1415 
Bill was active in the Waco and 
Baylor University communities and served as the following: Trustee, Vice Chairman of the Board, and Regent of Baylor University; Officer, Director, and Executive Committee Member of the Waco Industrial Foundation; Mem-ber and Chairman of the Hillcrest Bap-tist Medical Center Board of Develop-ment; Founder and Past President of the Waco Business League; and Presi-dent of the following organizations: the Greater Waco United way; the Baylor- Waco and Baylor Bear Foundations; the Waco and Northwest Waco Rotary Clubs; the Waco YMCA; the Waco Camp Fire Girls; and the Baylor Stadium Corporation. 
In 1988, Bill was honored by the 
Baylor Alumni Association with the W.R. White Meritorious Service Award. In 1997, they honored him as a Distin-guished Alumnus. Additionally, in 2008, the Waco Public Schools honored him as a Distinguished Alumnus. 
Bill was an active member of the 
First Baptist Church of Waco, where he served as Trustee, Deacon, and Chair-man of the Board of Deacons; Chair-man of the Finance Committee; Found-ing Chairman of the First Baptist Church of Waco Foundation; President of the McCall Sunday School Class; and Co-Superintendent of the College Sun-day School Department. 
Mr. Speaker, Bill Bailey will not only 
be remembered for his long list of ac-complishments, but, most importantly, he will be forever remembered as a lov-ing husband, a father, a grandfather, a great-grandfather, and a loyal friend to hundreds of central Texans. 
My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest 
and heartfelt condolences to the Bailey family. We also lift up the family and friends of Bill Bailey in our prayers. 
As I close, I ask that all Americans 
continue to pray for our country, for our military men and women who pro-tect us abroad, and for our first re-sponders who protect us here at home. 
HONORING MATTIE LEE PHILLIPS  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Mattie Lee Phillips from Bryan, Texas, who passed away on August 25, 2015, her 103rd birthday. 
Mrs. Phillips was born in Washington 
County, Texas, on August 25, 1912. Growing up, Mrs. Phillips attended school in the Waco and McGregor areas and later attended Bryan Public School for Colored. She married Willie Ster-ling in 1931. They were blessed with five children. Later she married Eddie Phillips. They were blessed with four children. Mrs. Phillips was a member of the 
New Liberty Baptist Church in Boonville, Texas, at an early age and remained a member until 1941, when she became a member of the Pleasant Grove Missionary Baptist Church in Bryan. 
She was an avid church worker, serv-
ing on the Pleasant Grove Church Usher Board for 35 years and as a Sun-day school teacher and a mission teacher. She served on various pro-grams and committees at the church and worked tirelessly raising funds to help improve their church facilities. 
Mrs. Phillips taught and counseled 
numerous youth during her life. She was a staunch believer in higher edu-cation, and all nine of her children at-tended college. 
Mrs. Phillips was an entrepreneur 
who took sewing and tailoring classes through the mail and worked for many years as a self-employed seamstress. She also bought, repaired, and resold real estate for additional income. In addition, she successfully owned and operated Phillips Cafe & Barbecue. 
Mrs. Phillips led a full life and was 
well respected in our community. She will be forever remembered for her de-votion to her church and her commu-nity and as a loving wife, a mother, a grandmother, a great-grandmother, and a great-great-grandmother, a youth mentor to hundreds, and a friend to many as well. 
My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest 
and heartfelt condolences to the Phil-lips and Sterling families. We also lift up the family and friends of Mattie Lee Phillips in our prayers. 
As I close, I ask that all Americans 
continue to pray for our country, for our military men and women who pro-tect us abroad, and for our first re-sponders who protect us here at home. 
HONORING TOMMY BOSQUEZ  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Henry Thomas ‘‘Tommy’’ Bosquez, of Bryan, Texas, who passed away on September 12, 2015. 
Tommy Bosquez selflessly served the 
Brazos Valley community in a variety of ways, and he will be missed greatly. 
Tommy was born on August 9, 1962, 
in Bryan, Texas. He graduated from Bryan High School in 1980. When he was 19, he began his public service ca-reer as a City of Bryan police officer. He was the city’s youngest policeman and served on the force for 8 years. 
He held various assignments, includ-
ing patrol, special advanced traffic in-vestigations, the field training officer program, crime scene analysis, and honor guard detail. 
Tommy was also a member of the 
Texas State Guard. He was commis-sioned as a second lieutenant, serving as company commander in the 223rd Military Police Battalion, to assist State and local authorities in times of emergencies. 
Tommy married his high school 
sweetheart, Stella Grimaldo. They were married for 29 years and were blessed with two daughters. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.058 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6784 October 1, 2015 
Tommy earned his associate’s degree 
from Blinn College and later earned an undergraduate degree in political science in 1989 and a master’s degree in public administration in 1995, each from Texas A&M University. 
During his time at Texas A&M and 
the years that followed, he worked for the university. He started out in the College of Medicine, where he held var-ious positions, including Director of Special Programs, Special Assistant to the Dean of Medicine, admissions com-mittee member, principal investigator, and a lecturer in the Department of Humanities in Medicine. 
He would go on to work for the uni-
versity system in the Office of the Vice Chancellor for Human Resources, where he assumed a leadership role with the Health Science Center, work-ing as Special Assistant to the Presi-dent. 
Prior to his death, Tommy worked as 
the Chief Contracts Officer and Direc-tor for Contract Administrator in the Office of Finance and Administration at the Texas A&M Health Science Cen-ter. 
Tommy was an active volunteer and 
an engaged parent in the Bryan Inde-pendent School District for over 25 years. He began his service as an elect-ed school board trustee in 2012 and served as vice president of that board. 
He also served extensively on various 
local and statewide charitable and edu-cational organization boards such as the Texas Association for Access and Equity, the Texas Association of Advis-ers for the Health Professions, the Texas Area Health Education Centers— East, the Bryan-College Station Cham-ber of Commerce, the Bryan ISD Edu-cation Foundation, the Blinn College Advisory Board, the United Way, the Boy’s and Girl’s Club, the Kiwanis, Gear Up, Habitat for Humanity, and Junior Achievement. 
Tommy received many acknowledge-
ments throughout his career, including the 2007 Texas Association of Chicanos in Higher Education Outstanding Meri-torious Public Service Award, and the Kiwanis International Walter Zeller Fellowship Award. 
Tommy worked tirelessly to better 
our community. He will forever be re-membered for his devotion to public service and as a loving husband, father, and friend to countless Brazos Valley citizens. 
My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest 
and heartfelt condolences to the Bosquez family. We also lift up the family and friends of Tommy Bosquez in our prayers. 
As I close, I ask that all Americans 
continue to pray for our country and for our military men and women, who protect us abroad, and for our first re-sponders, who protect us here at home. 
HONORING DR . JAMES COOPER  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Dr. James F. Cooper of Bryan, Texas, who passed away on Au-gust 18, 2015. 
Dr. James Cooper was a veteran of 
World War II and the Korean war. He was a physician, an aviation medical 
examiner, and an active member of the Veterans of Foreign Wars. He touched many lives in the Brazos Valley, and he will be greatly missed. 
Dr. Cooper was born on August 30, 
1927, in Farmersville, Louisiana. He was the son of a Baptist preacher and grew up in many towns throughout the South. 
At the age of 17, Dr. Cooper enlisted 
in the Navy to serve aboard the USS Dorchester in the South Pacific. Upon returning to the U.S., he used his GI bill benefits to attend medical school in Tennessee. 
He then served again in the Korean 
war as Deputy Medical Officer for the Destroyer Fleet Atlantic, stationed aboard its flagship, the USS Yosemite. Dr. Cooper retired from the Navy with a final rank of Lieutenant Commander, Medical Corps. 
In 1955, Dr. Cooper moved to Bryan, 
Texas, and entered a medical practice with his brother, O.C. Dr. Cooper was a well-loved family doctor and a surgeon at St. Joseph’s Hospital. 
In addition to his medical practice, 
the good doctor had a strong affinity for aviation and specialized in aviation medicine. He was involved with the space programs at NASA and present at many of the Apollo launches. His knowledge and experience with NASA missions earned him the opportunity to do voice commentary for six Apollo launches for television broadcasts in Australia. 
Dr. Cooper also served as a FAA Sen-
ior Aviation Medical Examiner. As a fellow pilot, I was fortunate and grate-ful to have Dr. Cooper as my medical examiner for many years. We developed a strong friendship and shared many stories about our mutual love for avia-tion. 
Dr. Cooper was an extraordinary doc-
tor not only specializing in aviation, but also serving as Chief Medical Offi-cer for the Texas World Speedway in College Station. 
In addition to his medical duties, Dr. 
Cooper was an active member of VFW Post No. 4692 in Bryan. He was very passionate about the VFW and even served as Commander of the post. 
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Cooper left a strong 
legacy for his family and for the Brazos Valley. He will be forever remembered as a great doctor, a dedicated veteran, a loving husband, a great father, a grandfather, and a loyal friend. 
My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest 
and heartfelt condolences to the Coo-per family. We also lift up the family and friends of Dr. James Cooper in our prayers. 
As I close, I ask that all Americans 
continue to pray for our country, for our military men and women, who pro-tect us abroad, and for our first re-sponders, who protect us here at home. 
HONORING ALAN WALDIE  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Alan Duane Waldie, of Bryan, Texas, who passed away on Au-gust 22, 2015. Alan Waldie was a veteran, an elec-
trical engineer, an Aggie, a pillar of the Brazos Valley community, and a great friend. He led a full life and will be missed greatly in our community. 
Alan was born on April 23, 1928, in 
Iowa Park, Texas. He graduated from Lamar High School in Houston in 1945 and later attended Texas A&M Univer-sity. 
While at Texas A&M, Alan was a 
member of the nationally famous ‘‘Fightin’ Texas Aggie Band’’ and served as drum major during his senior year. He graduated from Texas A&M University in 1951 with a bachelor’s of science in electrical engineering. 
From 1946 to 1948, Alan served in the 
U.S. Navy. From 1951 to 1953, he served as a lieutenant in the U.S. Army Sig-nal Corps. 
After his discharge from the Army, 
Alan began a successful business ca-reer, which took him to Houston; Trip-oli, Libya; and Calgary, Alberta, Can-ada. 
In 1995, he moved back to College 
Station to begin his retirement. There he served as a volunteer for the George Bush Presidential Library and was the member of the Bryan Rotary Club and the Central Baptist Church. 
Mr. Speaker, Alan Waldie will be for-
ever remembered as a dedicated vet-eran, a loving husband, a great father, and a loyal friend. 
My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest 
and heartfelt condolences to his wife, Nancy, and to all of the Waldie family. We also lift up the family and friends of Alan Waldie in our prayers. 
Mr. Speaker, as I close, I ask that all 
Americans continue to pray for our country, for our military men and women, who protect us abroad, and for our first responders, who protect us here at home. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, September 30, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I have the honor to transmit a sealed envelope received from the White House on September 30, 2015, at 8:45 p.m., and said to contain a message from the President where-by he notifies of designation of funding for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism as provided in the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS, 
Clerk of the House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.059 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6785 October 1, 2015 
DESIGNATION OF FUNDING FOR 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TER-RORISM—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–62) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
In accordance with section 114(c) of 
the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016, also titled the TSA Office of In-spection Accountability Act of 2015 (the ‘‘Act’’), I hereby designate for Overseas Contingency Operations/Glob-al War on Terrorism all funding (in-cluding the rescission of funds) and contributions from foreign govern-ments so designated by the Congress in the Act pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, as outlined in the enclosed list of ac-counts. 
The details of this action are set 
forth in the enclosed memorandum from the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , September 30, 2015. 
f 
b1430 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, September 30, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I have the honor to transmit a sealed envelope received from the White House on September 30, 2015, at 8:45 p.m., and said to contain a message from the President where-by he notifies that he has designated an emergency requirement $700 million in emer-
gency funding for urgent wildland fire sup-pression activities as provided in the Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2016. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS, 
Clerk of the House. 
f 
DESIGNATION OF FUNDING AS AN 
EMERGENCY REQUIREMENT— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–63) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: 
In accordance with section 135 of the 
Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016, also titled the TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015 (the ‘‘Act’’), I hereby designate as an emergency re-quirement all funding so designated by the Congress in the Act pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, for the fol-lowing account: ‘‘Department of Agri-culture—Forest Service—Wildland Fire Management.’’ 
The details of this action are set 
forth in the enclosed memorandum from the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , September 30, 2015. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C ULBERSON (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of ill-
ness. 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker on September 30, 2015: 
H.R. 719. An act to require the Transpor-
tation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations re-garding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 2 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Fri-day, October 2, 2015, at 1 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2986. A letter from the Under Secretary for 
Management, Department of State, trans-mitting a letter reporting two violations of the Antideficiency Act by the Department of State, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1517(b); to the Committee on Appropriations. 
2987. A letter from the Program Specialist 
(Paperwork Reduction Act), Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Regulatory Capital Rules: Regu-latory Capital, Final Revisions Applicable to Banking Organizations Subject to the Ad-vanced Approaches Risk-Based Capital Rule [Docket ID: OCC-2014-0025] (RIN: 1557-AD88) received September 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 2988. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the De-partment’s recommendations to Congress concerning energy performance require-
ments for fiscal years 2016 through 2025, in accordance with the National Energy Con-servation Policy Act [45 U.S.C.8253(a)(3)]; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2989. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s direct final rule — Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Sub-stances [EPA-HQ-OPPT-2015-0388; FRL-9933- 30] (RIN: 2070-AB27) received September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2990. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s final rule — National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for Primary Aluminum Reduction Plants [EPA- HQ-OAR-2011-0797; FRL-9934-16-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AQ92) received September 30, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2991. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementa-tion Plans; Massachusetts; Approval of Reg-ulations Limiting Emissions of Volatile Or-ganic Compounds and Nitrogen Oxides [EPA- R01-OAR-2014-0631; A-1-FRL-9932-12-Region 1] received September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2992. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s direct final rule — Air Plan Ap-proval; Illinois; Volatile Organic Compounds Definition [EPA-R05-OAR-2015-0008; FRL- 9934-11-Region 5] received September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2993. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Georgia Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Lead NAAQS [EPA-R04-OAR-2014-0442; FRL- 9934-84-Region 4] received September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2994. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s final rule — Revisions to the Cali-fornia State Implementation Plan, Butte County Air Quality Management District, Feather River Air Quality Management Dis-trict, and San Luis Obispo County Air Pollu-tion Control District; Correcting Amend-ment [EPA-R09-OAR-2015-0246; FRL-9931-19- Region 9] received September 30, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2995. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s direct final rule — Revision of Air Quality Implementation Plan; California; Feather River Air Quality Management Dis-trict; Stationary Source Permits [EPA-R09- OAR-2015-0542; FRL-9933-52-Region 9] re-ceived September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01OC7.061 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6786 October 1, 2015 
121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. 
2996. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s direct final rule — Revisions to 
the California State Implementation Plan, Antelope Valley Air Quality Management District [EPA-R09-OAR-2015-0510; FRL-9934- 04-Region 9] received September 30, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2997. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; California; Mammoth Lakes; Redesignation; PM10 Maintenance Plan [EPA-R09-OAR-2015- 0279; FRL-9935-05-Region 9] received Sep-tember 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2998. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Adoption of Control Tech-niques Guidelines for Metal Furniture Coat-ings and Miscellaneous Metal Parts Coatings [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0404; FRL-9934-92-Region 3] received September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2999. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementa-tion Plans; Delaware; 2011 Base Year Inven-tories for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard for New Cas-tle and Sussex Counties [EPA-R03-OAR-2015- 0455; FRL-9934-81-Region 3] received Sep-tember 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3000. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsylvania; Redesignation Request and Associated Maintenance Plan for the Pittsburgh-Beaver Valley Nonattainment Area for the 1997 Annual and 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Standard [EPA-R03- OAR-2015-0029; FRL-9934-82-Region 3] re-ceived September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3001. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; South Dakota; Revisions to South Da-kota Administrative Code [EPA-R08-OAR- 2014-0916; FRL-9934-83-Region 8] received Sep-tember 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3002. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; State of Missouri, Limited Maintenance Plan for the St. Louis Nonclassifiable Main-tenance Area for the 8-Hour Carbon Mon-oxide National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ard [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0513; FRL-9934-98-Re-gion 7] received September 30, 2015, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3003. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementa-tion Plans; Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; Approval of the Base Year Emissions Inven-tory for the Liberty-Clairton Nonattainment Area for the 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Standard and Approval of Transpor-tation Conformity Insignificance Findings for the 1997 Annual and 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Standards for the Lib-erty-Clairton Nonattainment Area [EPA- R03-OAR-2015-0470; FRL-9934-91-Region 3] re-ceived September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3004. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Enhancing Support for the Cuban People [Docket No.: 150825774-5774-01] (RIN: 0694- AG67) received September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
3005. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report to Congress on United States Participation in the United Nations in 2014, pursuant to Sec. 4(a) of Pub. L. 79- 264; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3006. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a determination for the use of funds to provide non-lethal assistance to the Syrian Opposition, pursuant to Sec. 451 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
3007. A letter from the Executive Analyst, 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Fed-eral Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277, 5 U.S.C. 3345-3349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3008. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Government Ethics, transmitting the Of-fice’s final rule — Organization and Func-tions; Implementation of Statutory Gift Ac-ceptance Authority; Freedom of Information Act (RIN: 3209-AA40, RIN: 3209-AA41, RIN: 3209-AA39) received September 30, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3009. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Managing Senior Executive Performance (RIN: 3206-AM48) re-ceived September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3010. A letter from the Division Chief, Bu-
reau of Land Management, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Minerals Management: Adjust-ment of Cost Recovery Fees [L13100000 PP0000 LLWO310000] (RIN: 1004-AE44) re-ceived September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3011. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XE143) received 
September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3012. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforce-ment, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Kentucky Regulatory Program [SATS No.: KY-253- FOR; Docket ID: OSM-2009-0014; S1D1S SS08011000 SX064A000 156S180110; S2D2S SS08011000 SX064A000 15X501520] received September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3013. A letter from the Deputy Director, Of-
fice of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Pennsylvania Regulatory Program [SATS No.: PA-154-FOR; Docket ID: OSM-2010-0002; S1D1S SS08011000 SX064A000 156S180110 S2D2S SS08011000 SX064A000 15XS501520] received September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3014. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Admin-istration’s final rule — National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) Electronic Reporting Rule [EPA-HQ-OECA- 2009-0274; FRL-9930-70-OECA] (RIN: 2020- AA47) received September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
3015. A letter from the Federal Register Li-
aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Return of Wine to Bonded Premises [Docket No.: TTB-2015-0013; T.D. TTB-130] (RIN: 1513- AB92) received September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. Supplemental report on H.R. 702. A bill to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions (Rept. 114–267, Pt. 2). 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 538. A bill to facilitate the development of energy on Indian lands by reducing Federal regulations that impede tribal development of Indian lands, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–276). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 1644. A bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to ensure transparency in the de-velopment of environmental regulations, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–277). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 3192. A bill to provide for a temporary safe harbor from the enforce-ment of integrated disclosure requirements for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–278). Referred to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01OC7.000 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6787 October 1, 2015 
the Committee of the Whole House on the 
state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. R IBBLE , 
Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Ms. 
PINGREE , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
GRIFFITH , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. E NGEL , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. E SHOO , 
Mr. B ERA, Mr. F ORBES , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. Y OUNG of Indi-
ana, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. M AT-
SUI, Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. H UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 3660. A bill to amend the Congres-
sional Budget Act of 1974 respecting the scor-ing of preventive health savings; to the Com-mittee on the Budget. 
By Mr. GUINTA: 
H.R. 3661. A bill to terminate the inde-
pendent third-party program for sectors of the Northeast Multispecies Fishery unless the program is fully funded by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself, Mr. 
B
RAT, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mrs. B LACK , 
Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
MEEHAN , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. G RAVES of 
Louisiana, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. H ARDY , 
Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
GIBBS, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
MESSER , and Mr. L OUDERMILK ): 
H.R. 3662. A bill to enhance congressional 
oversight over the administration of sanc-tions against certain Iranian terrorism fin-anciers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FLORES (for himself and Mr. 
G
ENEGREEN of Texas): 
H.R. 3663. A bill to prevent certain dis-
criminatory taxation of natural gas pipeline property; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Ms. ESHOO: 
H.R. 3664. A bill to provide for the identi-
fication and documentation of best practices for cyber hygiene by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-
self, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. 
SIRES): 
H.R. 3665. A bill to authorize appropria-
tions for the university transportation cen-ters program for fiscal years 2016 through 2021, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mrs. C
APPS , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. N OR-
TON, and Mr. C ROWLEY ): H.R. 3666. A bill to coordinate and advance 
fibrosis research activities at the National Institutes of Health, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: 
H.R. 3667. A bill to promote transparency, 
accountability, and reform within the United Nations system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. COOK (for himself and Mr. 
K
NIGHT ): 
H.R. 3668. A bill to codify in law and ex-
pand certain off-highway vehicle recreation areas in the State of California, to designate as wilderness certain public lands in the State of California administered by the Bu-reau of Land Management, to expand the Death Valley National Park Wilderness and the San Gorgonio Wilderness in San Bernardino National Forest, to ensure the conservation and necessary management of wildlife in these wilderness areas, to estab-lish the Mojave Trails Special Management Area in the State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself, Mr. 
H
UFFMAN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. 
LOFGREN , Mr. F ARR, Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. 
MEEKS , and Ms. N ORTON ): 
H.R. 3669. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a criminal penalty for operating drones in certain locations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 3670. A bill to amend chapter 83 of 
title 41, United States Code (popularly re-ferred to as the Buy American Act) and cer-tain other laws with respect to certain waiv-ers under those laws, to provide greater transparency regarding exceptions to domes-tic sourcing requirements, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infra-structure, and Financial Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 3671. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a 3-year recovery period for all race horses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 3672. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reduce the holding pe-riod used to determine whether horses are section 1231 assets to 12 months; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BENISHEK: 
H.R. 3673. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mail paper forms to any in-dividual who filed a paper return for the pre-ceding taxable year; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mr. 
F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. W EST-
MORELAND , Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , and Mr. V EASEY ): 
H.R. 3674. A bill to establish a commission 
to examine the processes used by the Bureau of Labor Statistics to provide unemployment rates and to make recommendations to Con-gress for any changes in methodology or im-provements to such processes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself, Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. J UDYCHU 
of California, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and 
Ms. S LAUGHTER ): 
H.R. 3675. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to ensure that student loans are available at interest rates that do 
not exceed the interest rates at which the Federal Government provides loans to banks through the discount window operated by the Federal Reserve System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Ms. E
STY, 
Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. S EANPATRICK  
MALONEY of New York): 
H.R. 3676. A bill to authorize the Adminis-
trator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, acting through the Director of the Center for Sub-stance Abuse Treatment, to award grants to States to expand access to clinically appro-priate services for opioid abuse, dependence, or addiction; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Ms. 
E
DWARDS , Ms. E STY, and Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York): 
H.R. 3677. A bill to reduce opioid misuse 
and abuse; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
HOLDING , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. M ARCHANT , 
and Mr. N UNES ): 
H.R. 3678. A bill to clarify the orphan drug 
exception to the annual fee on branded pre-scription pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for him-
self, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. 
EDWARDS , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. 
NORTON , and Ms. M OORE ): 
H.R. 3679. A bill to provide that the Social 
Security Administration pay fees associated with obtaining birth certificate or State identification card for purposes of obtaining a replacement social security card for cer-tain victims of domestic violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SARBANES: 
H.R. 3680. A bill to provide for the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services to 
carry out a grant program for co-prescribing opioid overdose reversal drugs; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. THORNBERRY: 
H. Con. Res. 81. Concurrent resolution pro-
viding for corrections to the enrollment of the bill H.R. 1735; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. BARTON: 
H. Con. Res. 82. Concurrent resolution rec-
ognizing the 50th Anniversary of the White House Fellows Program; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. BUTTERFIELD (for himself, 
Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , 
Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-
nois, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. 
FUDGE , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. 
NORTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC7.012 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6788 October 1, 2015 
LEWIS, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. P AYNE , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. M EEKS , 
Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. R USH, and 
Mr. H OYER ): 
H. Con. Res. 83. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the ratification of the 13th Amendment; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-
self, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Ms. 
NORTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. 
HASTINGS ): 
H. Con. Res. 84. Concurrent resolution rec-
ognizing former United States Federal Judge Frank Minis Johnson, Jr. for his role in the civil rights movement; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself, Mr. 
W
ESTERMAN , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana, Mrs. B ROOKS of 
Indiana, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. B URGESS , 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. 
LOUDERMILK ): 
H. Res. 454. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives relat-ing to the exercise of presidential waiver au-thority of certain sanctions imposed against 
Iran under United States law; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-
self, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, and Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida): 
H. Res. 455. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of the inaugural ‘‘Cruise Travel Professional Month’’ in October; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for her-
self, Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. 
DELANEY ): 
H. Res. 456. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of October 2015 as ‘‘National Principals Month’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H. Res. 457. A resolution amending the 
Rules of the House of Representatives to re-quire that the House be in session at least 40 hours each week other than a week that is designated as a district work period; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Ms. M
AT-
SUI, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. 
SPEIER , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-
fornia, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Ms. L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ of California, Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. C ASTOR  
of Florida, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mrs. D AVIS 
of California, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. 
TORRES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Miss R ICE 
of New York, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
ADAMS , Mrs. L UMMIS , Ms. M OORE , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mrs. C APPS , Ms. H AHN, Ms. 
DELAURO , Ms. M ENG, Ms. S EWELL of 
Alabama, Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. 
STEFANIK , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. D EGETTE , 
Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. K USTER , Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. 
PINGREE , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. 
ESTY, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. G RAHAM , 
Ms. L EE, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Ms. L OFGREN , 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. 
BLACK , Ms. M CSALLY , Ms. F OXX, Mrs. 
ROBY, Mrs. W AGNER , Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , and Ms. P LASKETT ): 
H. Res. 458. A resolution celebrating 25 
years of success from the Office of Research on Women’s Health at the National Insti-tutes of Health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER (for himself, 
Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. F RANKS  
of Arizona, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. K INGof Iowa, 
and Mr. B ARLETTA ): 
H. Res. 459. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that Christians in the Middle East are victims of genocide; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 3660. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The attached bill is constitutional under 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States.’’ 
By Mr. GUINTA: 
H.R. 3661. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. RUSSELL: 
H.R. 3662. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the 
U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. FLORES: 
H.R. 3663. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Ms. ESHOO: 
H.R. 3664. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes) 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof) 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: 
H.R. 3665. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 3666. In Congress has the power to enact this 
legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: 
H.R. 3667. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution 
By Mr. COOK: 
H.R. 3668. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. GARAMENDI: 
H.R. 3669. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
section 8 of article I of the Constitution 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 3670. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 3671. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 3672. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. BENISHEK: 
H.R. 3673. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the com-mon Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
By Mr. CONYERS: 
H.R. 3674. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Art. I, Sec. 8. 
By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: 
H.R. 3675. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 3676. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 3677. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01OC7.100 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6789 October 1, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 3678. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 1 of Sec-tion 8 of Article I of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: 
H.R. 3679. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 section 8 Constitution of the 
United States, which states the Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and gen-eral welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. SARBANES: 
H.R. 3680. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the US Constitution 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 239: Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. 
RUSH, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. C ARNEY , and Ms. H AHN. 
H.R. 244: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 292: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 317: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 381: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 546: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 592: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 602: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 664: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. 
H.R. 829: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 836: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 837: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 879: Mr. G OODLATTE and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 969: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 973: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1019: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina 
and Mr. W OMACK . 
H.R. 1122: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1124: Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 1130: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey and Ms. 
ADAMS . 
H.R. 1141: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. J ORDAN , and Mr. G ARRETT . 
H.R. 1192: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. K EATING , 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. D ENT, Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. 
BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. 
H.R. 1283: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. 
RIGELL . 
H.R. 1427: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN and Mr. C OFF-
MAN. 
H.R. 1441: Mrs. D INGELL and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1459: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. H UELSKAMP , and 
Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1532: Mr. G ARRETT . 
H.R. 1538: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. D EFAZIO, 
and Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 1566: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1594: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 1603: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 1660: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 1661: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 1686: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 1688: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN and Mr. C OFF-
MAN. 
H.R. 1706: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1716: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 1736: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. R IGELL , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1779: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1814: Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 1942: Mr. V ARGAS and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 1945: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California and 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1986: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 2010: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
BARR, and Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 2043: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 2050: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois 
and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 2076: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2090: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 2189: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. P AS-
CRELL . 
H.R. 2287: Mr. R IGELL and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 2292: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California. 
H.R. 2293: Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. S EANPATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2342: Mr. J OYCE , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2461: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 2633: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2643: Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 2657: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2671: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2672: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2673: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2674: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2697: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2698: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 2710: Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 2717: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. G RAYSON , and 
Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 2737: Mr. T EDLIEUof California and 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2799: Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 2805: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Ms. E SHOO , and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2869: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 2889: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 2904: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 2944: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
ABRAHAM , and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 3011: Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 3029: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 3033: Mr. T AKANO and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 3048: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 3084: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina 
and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 3095: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 3099: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
KATKO , and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 3102: Mr. M CCAUL. 
H.R. 3119: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut and 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 3130: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 3144: Mr. M CCAULand Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Mississippi. 
H.R. 3151: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 3173: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 3229: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. J OLLY , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. K ATKO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 3310: Mr. R OUZER and Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York. 
H.R. 3314: Mr. R OUZER , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-
zona, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
POEof Texas. 
H.R. 3338: Mr. P ETERS and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. B ROWN  
of Florida, Mr. H IGGINS , and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 3412: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. L EE, and 
Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 3457: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 3458: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3459: Mr. H ILL, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
GOODLATTE , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. R OSS, Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. M ILLER of 
Florida, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. R OHRABACHER , 
Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mrs. 
COMSTOCK , and Mr. B UCK. 
H.R. 3463: Mr. G OODLATTE and Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H AR-
RIS, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. M OON-
EYof West Virginia, and Mr. C ARTER of 
Texas. 
H.R. 3532: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 3542: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3543: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 3573: Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 3618: Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 3626: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 3628: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 3632: Mr. G RIJALVA and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 3640: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Ms. 
BROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 3643: Mr. K INDand Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 3646: Mr. V ELA. 
H.R. 3651: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Ms. 
NORTON , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. 
WOODALL , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. T ITUS, 
Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-
nessee, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. B OST, 
Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. C LAY, Mr. S CHRADER , Mrs. 
WAGNER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. 
HARPER , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. S IMP-
SON, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mr. Y ODER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. F LORES , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. U PTON , Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. K LINE, Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. E MMER of Min-
nesota, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. H ILL, Mr. B YRNE , Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. P OMPEO , and Mr. 
LOBIONDO . 
H.J. Res. 19: Mr. S ANFORD . 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. L ATTA , Mr. M OONEY of 
West Virginia, Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. 
ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. T IP-
TON, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, 
and Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H. Con. Res. 77: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H. Res. 28: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H. Res. 54: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H. Res. 210: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H. Res. 214: Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. L OFGREN , 
and Mrs. D INGELL . 
H. Res. 220: Mr. R USSELL . 
H. Res. 293: Mr. H IGGINS . 
H. Res. 346: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H. Res. 354: Mr. H ULTGREN and Mr. L EVIN. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC7.037 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6790 October 1, 2015 
H. Res. 428: Mr. P OLIS. 
H. Res. 453: Ms. F UDGE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
PAYNE , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. L EE, Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. Adams, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama, and Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN. PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions 
and papers were laid on the Clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
29. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
Board of Chosen Freeholders, Morris County, 
New Jersey, relative to Resolution No. 59, strongly urging their Congressional delega-tion to reject the terms of the Iran Nuclear Agreement, and to vote to override the an-ticipated veto of President Obama; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
30. Also, a petition of Village Council of 
Bal Harbour Village, Florida, relative to Resolution No. 2015-978, encouraging the 
Florida Delegation to the 114th Congress of the United States of America not to approve the proposed agreement between the United States and Iran regarding the operation of Iranian nuclear facilities; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
31. Also, a petition of Council of the Coun-
ty of Maui, Hawaii, relative to Resolution No. 15-109, urging Congress to pass the Indus-trial Hemp Farming Act of 2015; jointly to the Committees on the Judiciary and Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC7.019 H01OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7055 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 1, 2015 No. 143 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. 
Almighty God, as bombs fall in Syria 
and refugees seek safety, may all who are oppressed look to You. In spite of our world’s turbulence, we continue to proclaim Your greatness for Your sov-ereignty will prevail. Free us from fear. Answer when we call. Shelter us from disappointment. 
Bless our Senators. Lord, fill them 
with the Spirit of Your wisdom, mak-ing them equal to challenges of this difficult season of our national and world history. Open their minds to comprehend Your wisdom, their ears to hear Your guidance, and their hearts to obey Your biddings. 
Lift the light of Your countenance 
upon all who seek You and give them Your peace. 
We pray in Your mighty Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HELLER ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
FOREIGN POLICY AND SUP-
PORTING OUR TROOPS AND VET-ERANS 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
with each passing day, the American people are reminded of the peril at-
tached to the Obama administration’s inflexible determination to conduct foreign policy based on campaign promises made in 2008. These goals— unilaterally withdrawing from Iraq and Afghanistan based on fixed deadlines, ending the war on terror and some of the critical tools used to pursue Al Qaeda, closing the secure detention fa-cility at Guantanamo Bay, with-drawing from our deployed forward presence, slashing investment in our conventional armed services, and pur-suing nuclear agreements with Russia and Iran at any cost—have remained constant, although the world has changed right in front of our Com-mander in Chief. 
Yesterday we saw the Obama admin-
istration threaten to veto the national Defense authorization bill, which re-cently passed the Senate by a large bi-partisan majority of 71 to 25. It passed the House by a big bipartisan margin as well. 
This is the legislation that sets out 
military policy and authorizes funds for our military each year. It is always one of the most important bills we con-sider every year, but it is especially important right now. 
The number of threats currently fac-
ing us is truly staggering. The last month and week have brought glaring reminders. We are now seeing Russian forces deploy to Syria to preserve the Assad regime. Although Moscow may try to call this some kind of counter-terrorism campaign, let’s be perfectly clear: Russia’s offensive is designed to protect Assad’s Alawite stronghold and Russian military installations, while driving out the moderate opposition and compelling coordination of Syrian airspace with the coalition. Russia aims to forcefully insert itself into the middle of coalition operations to gain insights into the plans of the United States and, of course, to secure a seat at the table. Meanwhile, our moderate Syrian allies stand appalled that the United States has ceded its leadership 
position in the broader Middle East. 
Of all the promises made by this ad-
ministration, withdrawing from Af-ghanistan by a date certain seems to ignore the attack upon Kunduz by the Taliban and the efforts of President Ghani to secure the gains of the coali-tion and his country’s future. How can the administration be pondering a withdrawal of the force when the Taliban’s offensive persists and the campaign against Al Qaeda has not yet achieved its defeat? 
So many threats face us—from Rus-
sia, Iran, Syria, ISIL, and even China— as do so many different means of at-tack: conventional, cyber, or terror. And now the Obama administration is talking about vetoing America’s na-tional defense bill. They are talking about vetoing the national defense bill in the wake of all of this. 
I will have more to say about the na-
tional defense bill in the coming days. But this is about more than one bill; it is the latest in an increasingly wor-rying pattern. Just last week, Demo-crats voted again to block funding for our military. Democrats had voted for that military funding bill in com-mittee. They issued press releases praising the bill they had supported in the Appropriations Committee, but then they blocked the Senate from even debating it. Now they appear ready to give the same treatment to our veterans. Democrats voted for the veterans funding bill in committee. They issued press releases praising the bill. But now they seem prepared to block the Senate from even debating this bill too. It is all part of some half- baked Democratic scheme to get more money for the IRS and for Washington bureaucracies. It makes no sense, it is extreme, and it needs to stop. 
The veterans funding bill before us 
would do right by the men and women who have given everything to protect us and who have suffered so much 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.000 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7056 October 1, 2015 
under the failings of this administra-
tion. This is the bill that supports vet-erans by funding the health care and the benefits they rely on. This is the bill. This is the bill that supports mili-tary families by funding the housing, schools, and health facilities that serve them. 
The veterans legislation before us 
provides support for women’s health, for medical research, and for veterans suffering from traumatic brain injury. It provides funding for design work at a new VA medical center in Louisville, for educational facilities at Fort Knox, and for a special operations head-quarters at Fort Campbell, all in my State. 
The bill contains important reforms 
aimed at supporting veterans in the wake of a true national disgrace—the VA scandal. The reforms funded in this bill will allow for greater national and regional progress in reducing VA claim backlogs, and they will deploy impor-tant protections for whistleblowers too. 
Look, we need to remember that we 
have an all-volunteer force in this country. The young men and women who sign up to defend our Nation don’t ask for a lot, but our Nation certainly asks a lot of them. These heroes shouldn’t have to worry that their ben-efits or health care or the housing and support their families need might not be there. 
There is a long tradition in the Sen-
ate of bipartisan support for our troops, our veterans, and their fami-lies. We saw that bipartisan tradition on full display just a few months ago when Republicans and Democrats came together in the Appropriations Com-mittee to pass bipartisan legislation to fund our troops and support our vet-erans. 
We ask a lot of the men and women 
who serve. They don’t need a bigger IRS or political games like the Demo-crats’ self-described filibuster summer; they need our care and our support. It is our turn to give back to them. Why don’t we get back to the bipartisan tra-dition of supporting these bills so we can do what we need to do for our vet-erans. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
FOREIGN POLICY, BENGHAZI SE-
LECT COMMITTEE, AND THE NEED FOR BIPARTISAN NEGO-TIATIONS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, it is hard 
for me, when I come here every day, to be patient and listen to my friend the Republican leader talk because he is talking about something that is not real. He is not talking about reality. He wants to get back to the bipartisan way we used to do things. I certainly agree with him, but having looked at some 600 filibusters during the last few 
years conducted by my Republican friends, I think that speaks volumes. 
To have the Republican leader come 
to the floor and criticize Obama about what is going on in the Middle East— that takes a lot of gall. We all know what happened in the Middle East a number of years ago that created all these problems. It was the worst for-eign policy mistake in the history of our country—invading Iraq. For what? Look what we have now in Iraq. Look what we have in the entire Middle East. So it takes a lot of rearranging facts for the Republican leader to come to the floor every day—most days I just sit here, listen, and go on about my business, but I can’t do that. It is just unfair. Everyone knows we need to look no further than President Bush’s invasion of Iraq to find out what the real problem is in the Middle East. 
He talks about the Defense author-
ization bill. If it is such a great piece of legislative action, why does all of our military think it is a bad deal? This would be as if you decided one day you are going to make your house payment and your car payment with money that doesn’t exist. That is what they have done. That is what the Republicans have done. They have $39 billion in the Defense authorization bill that doesn’t exist. It is just on paper. It is a gim-mick for short-term funding. And to have the audacity to come here and talk about—look at all the threats we are having with cyber security, cyber threats. We have a cyber bill we have tried to get on this floor. The Repub-licans blocked it when they were in the minority. Now when they are in the majority, they won’t do a bill, period. 
We have an order that is before this 
body now that allows us to go forward on cyber security. We already have a list of amendments to agree on. But the Republican leader won’t bring it to the floor. To have him come to this floor and complain of Obama not doing anything about cyber—I would suggest my friend, every morning when he gets up, walk into the bathroom, put a lit-tle water on his face, wake up, and look in the mirror. 
I will talk about this a little more in 
a minute, but I want to start what I have to say right now by reading a di-rect quote from the current House ma-jority leader, and we are told he is going to be the next Speaker of the House of Representatives. Listen to this one, speaking about the Benghazi committee. This is what Congressman M
CCARTHY told FOX News: 
Everybody thought Hillary Clinton was un-
beatable, right? But we put together a Benghazi select committee, a select com-mittee. What are her numbers today? Her numbers are dropping. 
I might add, the person doing the 
interviewing—good job. 
But there you have it. According to 
the odds-on favorite future Speaker of the House, the Benghazi select com-mittee was put together to hurt Hil-lary Clinton politically, to make her poll numbers drop. We have been say-
ing this all along, but we have now had a gaffe. But it wasn’t a slipup; he just told the truth. This is evidence of what we have been saying. The Benghazi committee is a political stunt meant to influence Presidential elections that will be coming up in about a year. It is no surprise that Congressman M
CCAR-
THY’s own colleagues are now back-
pedaling on his comments as fast as they possibly can. Their elections will be in 1 week. They better take a look at whom they are going to put in as Speaker. The Republicans have taken a national tragedy—four Americans were killed—and turned it into the cheapest political farce imaginable. This is a shame. The very notion that an official House committee was used as a polit-ical tool is appalling. Even more dis-graceful is the fact that they spent al-most $5 million on this select com-mittee—dollars spent on this rightwing political hatchet job. 
That is not all. In addition to this se-
lect committee, they have had six other committees investigating this. There are untold millions of dollars spent on this. Whose money are they spending? They are spending taxpayer dollars. 
We hear my friend make references 
to how bad it is that we are concerned about nondefense stuff. Yes, we are. We are concerned about nondefense stuff. We think the nondefense part of this budget should also get some recogni-tion. We are concerned about the FBI and the Federal court system. We are concerned about the Drug Enforcement Administration and all the immigra-tion officials who need help. We are concerned about our forests that are burning down. We are concerned about the situation we have where we don’t have enough money to build our high-ways or to repair our highways. Yes, we are concerned about that and right-fully so. To have a secure nation is more than having a lot of bombs and bullets and airplanes and tanks and ships. It is also having a population that is educated. 
We sent a letter to Speaker B
OEHNER  
asking that the Benghazi Select Com-mittee be disbanded. Get rid of it. It is a disgrace. Do the right thing; get rid of this. 
Senate Republicans are stuck in a 
deep rut. They have dug this hole. They are in it, and they don’t know how to get out of it. The Republican leader continues bringing bills to the Senate floor that have no chance of passing. We have things out there we could be doing. 
Four months ago we said to the Re-
publican leader: Why don’t we sit down and try to work something out on this budget for the long term. We have been ignored. They have ignored the need for a consensus budget framework and instead are trying to move a flawed ap-propriations bill based on the Repub-licans’ partisan budget. The Senate spoke and, of course, the bill didn’t ad-vance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.006 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7057 October 1, 2015 
The Republican leader tried to move 
the same measure again last week, even though the Senate already re-jected it. And to no one’s surprise, it failed. 
How about this one? This year—this 
year—we have already had eight votes on the health of American women— eight votes. Everyone knows how those votes are going to turn out, but you can’t satisfy this voracious appetite the Republicans have to bash women. Yet the Republican leader continues to schedule votes on legislation that can’t pass the Senate. 
I think C–SPAN will have to have a 
disclaimer each time that flips up there that says: This is not a rerun. This is the Republican Senate doing it again. We have already done it seven times. Once more won’t matter that much. 
Today the Republican leader wants 
to rerun the same show again, this time with another bill—military con-struction. This appropriations bill is still based on the Republican’s faulty budget. The senior Senator from Mon-tana, the ranking member of that sub-committee, said yesterday this bill ‘‘is shackled to an unwise and unrealistic budget that locks in destructive se-questration cuts and vastly underfunds programs vital to this nation’s security and prosperity.’’ 
That is what Senator T
ESTER said 
yesterday. 
It has no chance of getting 60 votes— 
none. I know that, and my friend the Republican leader knows that. So why are we wasting time on another vote that is destined to fail? Because they do not want to bring real legislation to the floor. Why aren’t we spending our time coming to a real bipartisan solu-tion that helps our veterans and helps the nondefense part of our country, which is so important? 
The time to sit down and to begin 
real budget negotiations was a long time ago, but we will take it now. I am happy to learn the Republican leader said he wants negotiations—he said this a couple days ago—he wants nego-tiations to begin very soon. Well, isn’t that nice. Democrats have been wait-ing for 4 months. So let’s get to it. 
Just imagine what we could have ac-
complished if the Republican leader had taken us up on our offer 4 months ago. The U.S. Government wouldn’t have come within hours of a shutdown, hundreds of government agencies would not have had to spend time and effort preparing for a shutdown, divert-ing them from their main jobs. 
If you want to see how close we were 
to a government shutdown take a look at what took place in the House of Rep-resentatives yesterday. We passed over here in the Senate a short-term con-tinuing resolution to fund the govern-ment until December 11. It went to the House, and they voted on it yesterday. Three-fifths of House Republicans— 151—voted for a shutdown. They voted against the continuing resolution. That says it all. I have reminded people before, and I 
will do it again. The government was shut down here a couple of years ago for 17 days. We finally got it open. We passed something over here, and it went to the House. Two-thirds of the House of Representatives—Republicans in the House—voted to keep the gov-ernment closed. 
There are so many programs that are 
just not being taken care of. I will talk about a couple of them right now. There is something I have worked on since I came here—the Land and Water Conservation Fund. The Presiding Offi-cer is from Nevada. He has represented the northern part of the State for many years in different elective jobs. He understands and knows Lake Tahoe very well. It is a beautiful lake that we share with California. Well, the Land and Water Conservation Fund helps us greatly because we were able to take some money out of that program and purchase land that was going to be used for subdivision that would have allowed more filth to go into Lake Tahoe. We were able to stop that with money from the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. The money hasn’t been coming in as we have wanted in the past, so we beefed it up and were able to do a lot of things. 
Now, for the first time in 50 years, 
this program has been allowed to ex-pire. It is gone. This program has been supported by Democrats and Repub-licans and by rural and urban commu-nities. But on the Republicans’ watch, one of the most important programs and one of the best programs for our Nation’s parks—and one of the most broadly supported programs in the country—has been allowed to lapse. It is gone. 
The program is funded by a portion 
of fees collected by offshore oil and gas drilling. Every day that it is not au-thorized, we lose out on collecting $2.4 million of offshore oil and gas so it can be used for our beautiful natural re-sources that are in a state of disrepair. This Land and Water Conservation Fund has supported projects in every State, from protecting the rim of the Grand Canyon to securing access to the Appalachian Trail, and from Lake Tahoe to building neighborhood play-grounds in urban areas across the country. 
In a last-ditch effort to sway their 
own leadership, several Republicans came to the floor yesterday and tried to pass a stand-alone extension of the program that would be dead on arrival in the House. The Republican leaders refused to extend the program in the continuing resolution, despite many Democrats and Republicans asking for it to be included. 
One other program. The good Senator 
from Illinois—the senior Senator from Illinois, the assistant Democratic lead-er, served in the House of Representa-tives, as I did, with a man named Claude Perkins. He was a wonderful House Member. When we came to the House in 1982, he was a very senior per-son. He was responsible for something 
called the Federal Perkins Loan Pro-gram. It wasn’t reauthorized in the continuing resolution. What does that mean? As a result of that, the Nation’s oldest student aid program has expired, leaving up to 150,000 students who are coming into college in the lurch. 
The Perkins Loan Program offers 
low-interest, federally subsidized stu-dent loans for students with excep-tional financial needs and also offers a variety of forgiveness options for those who choose to pursue public service professions. Last year, more than $1.2 billion in new Perkins loans were made to about 540,000 new and returning col-lege students around the country, in-cluding 500 low-income students from Nevada. 
It is hard to believe the tea party- 
dominated House—and obviously the Republican Caucus here is heavily in-fluenced by the tea party—has turned a blind eye to this. It is hard to believe the tea party-dominated House of Rep-resentatives passed an extension of Perkins unanimously, but Senate Re-publicans would not agree to do the same. Yesterday, Senate Republicans even blocked a bid to extend the pro-gram. 
These are just two of the programs 
that expired at midnight last night. There are many more. It is a shame be-cause they wouldn’t have expired at all if we had sat down and negotiated a few months ago. So I say to my friend the Republican leader: Let’s not waste another minute on politically moti-vated votes that are doomed to fail. In-stead, let’s focus the Senate’s energy and attention on bipartisan negotia-tions to get our country on the right track. 
Mr. President, would the Chair an-
nounce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein, with the time equally divided, with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the final half. 
The Senator from Louisiana. 
f 
MILCON–VA APPROPRIATIONS 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I wish 
to speak on the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs appropriations bill that is now being considered. I will start by saying that this is 3601 Gerstner Memorial Parkway, Lake Charles, LA. This is the location for the new Lake Charles VA clinic—a clinic that has taken 13 years to get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.007 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7058 October 1, 2015 
approved, a clinic that has seen delay 
after delay, costing veterans access to quality health care, a clinic still wait-ing to be built. 
This is a picture of the current facil-
ity in Lake Charles, where veterans have to go for their health care while they have waited for over 13 years to have the new facility built. This RV and this small building are why Con-gress must advance this MILCON–VA appropriations bill and why the Presi-dent should sign it into law. 
This mobile clinic in Lake Charles— 
you almost laugh—is the clinic for our veterans. It is one of many such clinics in our country and is unacceptable. This is something one might see in a documentary about developing nations, not the United States of America. This RV, where our veterans are treated for serious medical conditions, is con-nected to a waiting room that is triple the size of the square footage of the mobile home. That is because the de-mand for care so greatly exceeds this subpar facility’s ability to deliver health care to our veterans. 
In the waiting room there is a tele-
vision set, but it is not plugged in and it doesn’t have a remote. That is be-cause VA rules say you must have a TV in the waiting room, but the rules don’t stipulate that it must function. It sounds like a joke. We have to have a television, but we don’t say it has to be plugged in. 
This is the current state of the VA, 
and this is what Congress is allowing when we fail to pass this needed legis-lation. 
I would like to say this is an isolated 
problem but there are veterans all over the country receiving health care under similar circumstances. For more than 10 years, our young men and women have returned from war in the Middle East. These young veterans are joining men and women who have served this Nation in uniform, defend-ing our freedom in every corner of the globe. They deserve better than a mo-bile home. They deserve action, and they deserve it now. If we don’t pass this bill, there will be consequences for people—America’s heroes—who need help now. 
This is the VA portion, but it is also 
the military VA construction budget. If we fail to act, it will not just be our veterans who are hurt; it will also af-fect our Active-Duty military and our national security. 
We know there is a portion of the 
budget which goes for actually pro-tecting our military construction, but what sometimes people forget is there is a human face to our military. Gen. Robert Rand recently took control of Global Strike, a position that is charged with maintaining our nuclear triad and first strike capabilities, but there are those in the Air Force who serve under General Rand. He needs the resources to maintain our nuclear abil-ity, but without this legislation we cannot maintain his combat readiness, which includes basic needs such as housing for our soldiers and educating 
their children. 
I urge my fellow Senators to consider 
what is included in this legislation: family housing, schools, medical facili-ties for Active-Duty personnel and their families, and funding for the care of 6.9 million veterans. 
Let me add something to this. As a 
doctor, I am glad we also specifically provide for groundbreaking hepatitis C treatments and for modernizing the VA electronic medical records system. 
The Senate Appropriations Com-
mittee passed the Military Construc-tion and Veterans Affairs appropria-tions bill by a bipartisan vote of 12 to 9, with all Republicans and 5 Demo-crats voting in favor. 
This is common sense. Congress has 
the duty to pass this legislation now, and the President has an obligation to sign it. We must honor our commit-ment to our military and to our vet-erans. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). The Senator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs appropriations bill. 
Yesterday, Congress sent the Presi-
dent a continuing resolution, a bill to prevent a government shutdown. This was necessary to ensure that vital re-sources and services the American peo-ple depend on do not lapse and in order to avoid harm to jobs and our econ-omy. But as my colleagues fully real-ize, simply putting government on autopilot through a continuing resolu-tion is not the responsible way to fund government. It locks in last year’s pri-orities, delays the start of vital new programs, and allows unneeded pro-grams to continue to be funded. We must pass the 12 annual appropriations bills. 
In July of this year, the Senate Ap-
propriations Committee, on which I am privileged to serve, reported the last of the 12 bills. This was the first time that all 12 of the appropriations bills have been approved by the committee, in plenty of time for the Senate to act, since 2009. It is past time for the Sen-ate to take up and pass these funding bills so that we can go to conference with our House colleagues and send to the President annual funding bills that reflect our current priorities that ben-efit the American people. 
In May of this year—in May—the 
Senate Appropriations Committee re-ported the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs funding bill by a strong, bipartisan vote of 21 to 9. As a member of the subcommittee with ju-risdiction over this bill, I know this represented bipartisan consensus and hard work. It reflected the leadership of Chairman K
IRKand Ranking Mem-
ber T ESTER . 
This bill provides vital resources for 
our veterans and our servicemembers. We are operating under very chal-lenging budget constraints, and I sup-port the negotiations that are going on 
now. But it is long past time for the Senate to take up, debate, amend, and pass each of these appropriations bills. We have the opportunity to do that just now, and I do not understand those who argue that we should not proceed with the normal appropriations proc-ess. 
Those who disagree with provisions 
in this bill will have the opportunity to offer amendments to change the bill. But to not even allow this vital fund-ing bill for our military and for our veterans to come to the Senate floor is an argument that I do not accept nor understand. 
We owe it to our Nation’s veterans, 
127,000 of whom reside in the great State of Maine. There are more than 21 
million nationwide. We owe it to them to move forward with this important bill. These veterans answered the call to duty. They shouldered the hardships and sacrifices of military service. They have done their jobs. It is time for the Senate to do its job. We must fulfill our obligations and affirm a larger commitment made long ago to take care of those who have so proudly served our Nation—the patriots who have worn our Nation’s uniform. 
To highlight a few examples of why 
this bill is so important, let me men-tion that it ensures our veterans have access to critical mental health care services. It aims to reduce veteran homelessness—a very important issue to me that I have worked on with Sen-ator J
ACK REED as a member of the 
HUD and transportation appropriations subcommittee—another bill that we need to bring to the Senate floor. This bill provides funding to pay veterans benefits and includes $270 million for the Office of Rural Health, important to the Presiding Officer as well as to my State. This office has established the program called the ARCH Program, or Access Received Closer to Home. ARCH ensures that rural veterans in the pilot States, who often have a dif-ficult time accessing the regular VA health system, can receive care closer to where they live. This has been a tre-mendous success in northern Maine, which has one of the pilot programs in Caribou, ME, in conjunction with Cary Memorial Hospital. This has made such a difference to our veterans. 
I remember one of our veterans tell-
ing me about breaking his hip last win-ter in the height of a terrible winter storm. Instead of enduring a painful and bumpy ride for more than 4 hours to get to the VA hospital in Augusta, he was able, through the ARCH Pro-gram, to receive care at his local hos-pital, Cary Memorial in Caribou, ME. He also had the benefit of being able to receive care closer to where his family and friends were. 
The programs that I just mentioned, 
like so many that are contained within the Military Construction-VA appro-priations bill, are essential to ensuring that veterans who have placed their lives on the line for our continued safe-ty receive the benefits they have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.009 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7059 October 1, 2015 
earned. This bill is essential to pro-
viding updated military housing and other construction upon which those who are serving today depend. 
It is simply irresponsible for us not 
to proceed with consideration of this and every other appropriations bill. They are ready. They have been re-ported by committee. Let’s do our job. We must do our best to honor those who serve, and who have served, and who have sacrificed so much for our country. Surely—surely—the Senate should do its part. We should do our part by promptly passing this impor-tant bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I wish 
to commend the distinguished Senator from Maine. She has articulately ex-plained why we need to move forward, and I want to underscore something that she said. 
For 6 years now, the Senate has abdi-
cated its responsibility to appropriate. We have left the prioritization of spending to faceless bureaucrats and faceless buildings in Washington, DC. The needs of our veterans and soldiers and our country have gone unheeded, while we in here have argued about things that are superfluous and actu-ally unimportant. 
I came into this Chamber today and 
listened to the distinguished Senator from Nevada, the minority leader, make the following statement: He can’t understand why the leader would bring forward a ‘‘can’t-pass’’ piece of legislation and not go to something more important. 
I want the Senator from Nevada to 
go out to Walter Reed Hospital or to go to the hospital in Maine or the hospital in Arkansas and tell those soldiers, who sacrificed and risked their lives for us, that their needs for health care are not more important, or to tell Jim Webb, who was a Member of this Sen-ate and passed the GI bill expansion a few years ago, that the educational benefits for dependents, children, wives, and others are not that impor-tant. Tell the people of the United States of America that those who pro-tect us, those who have sacrificed, those at risk are not more important. 
There is nothing more important 
than our veterans and our military. There is nothing more important in our constitutional responsibility as Senators than to appropriate the money of the American people. We are abdicating our responsibility. It is pro-fessional and political malpractice, and it is time it stopped. I get sick and tired of the political bantering back and forth when there are things come before us that must be done. 
As chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs 
Committee, last Thursday night in this Senate we passed unanimously—and it has now passed the House—a total re-form of VA construction, and we fixed the Denver hospital problem that has been going on for 6 years in the VA. The Denver hospital has had a 428.3 percent cost overrun. That is uncon-
scionable and that is wrong. But we fi-nally are fixing it. 
With this bill—if the distinguished 
minority leader will let us take up this important bill, rather than something that is not as important—we are going to fix VA construction forever because what this does is to say that the VA no longer is in charge of construction of hospitals and clinics. The Corps of En-gineers is. It is about time we had con-struction management by people who know what they are doing. Doctors are good at fixing people, but they are not very good at bricks and mortar. We need the bricks and mortar people doing it. 
Secondly, this bill funds mandatory 
veterans’ benefits through 2017. We had a threat of a government shutdown yesterday. Fortunately, we avoided it, but we have had it in the past, and we could have it again. Veterans health care should never be shut down, and we need to continue to forward-fund med-ical benefits so our veterans know— whether or not we are foolish and shut down the government—that their health care is going to be met. 
As the Presiding Officer knows, in 
the great State of South Dakota—and Senator C
OLLINS knows from Maine— 
the biggest complaint we get is about the lack of timely responsibility in de-termining disability claims in the VA; right? We have veterans waiting 478 days to get a disability claim on an in-jury they suffered fighting a war for us—478 days, almost 2 years. That is terribly wrong. This bill fixes that. It provides the money for the personnel necessary to expedite disability claims so veterans get a timely judgment. 
Now you tell me this, Senator from 
Nevada: What is more important, tak-ing care of these guys taking care of us or just debating on the Senate floor a bunch of hot air that means no dif-ference to the American people? 
It is time we fished or cut bait. It is 
time we did what we were elected to. It is time we set the priorities. It is time we honored our commitment to those who honored their commitment to us, the veterans of the United States of America. 
So as chairman of the most bipar-
tisan committee in the Senate, the Veterans’ Affairs Committee—of which the Presiding Officer is a member—we don’t have Democratic spats and Re-publican spats. We talk about our vet-erans. Almost everything we pass out is unanimous. We do so because we all agree that—Republican or Democrat, black or white, rich or poor, whatever the case might be—we would not be where we are today nor would we be what we are today if it weren’t for those who sacrificed, risked their lives, and, in some cases, died for the people of the United States of America while serving in the military. 
So I don’t know what the Senator 
from Nevada thinks is more important. But for me, these guys right here are the most important thing in the world. And to vote against proceeding to de-
bate this important appropriations bill is professional malpractice and wrong. I hope my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle will make a commitment to those who served us and vote to pro-ceed to the VA-MILCON appropriations bill. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, yes-
terday Congress passed yet another short-term continuing resolution. While this avoids a shutdown, it is far from ideal. Certainly a shutdown is not good governing. I think all of us can agree on that much. I wish to remind my colleagues, though—particularly those on the other side of the aisle— that continuing resolutions are hardly better. While the American people de-mand that we get our financial house in order, Washington continues to pass stopgap after stopgap funding bills. In-stead of tackling this challenge head- on, these short-term extensions con-tinue current funding levels and pre-vent us from stopping waste, fraud, and abuse of taxpayer dollars. Just like a shutdown, this, too, is no way to gov-ern. There is another option. We don’t have to choose between a continuing resolution and a shutdown. The third choice is the right choice, and that choice is for this Chamber to follow regular order and pass all 12 appropria-tions bills. 
We have done our work at the Appro-
priations Committee. For the first time in 6 years, every spending bill has cleared committee—all 12—and most of them passed with strong bipartisan support. I commend the Appropriations Chairman C
OCHRAN and Leader M CCON-
NELL for their leadership to make that 
happen. 
The full Senate has the responsibility 
to consider each of these bills as well. Leader M
CCONNELL is committed to 
this approach. Our caucus is behind it 100 percent. The minority, on the other hand, is actively working against it. Committee passage of these 12 bills was no easy task. Both sides made com-promises. These bills were the product of a great deal of give-and-take. 
We worked very hard for months to 
ensure that these bills reflect the spending and policy priorities that are right for our Nation. These bills should not simply be left for dead. The Presi-dent is encouraging the Senate Demo-crats to obstruct the appropriations process because he wants more domes-tic spending for agencies like the EPA and IRS. This is not the direction our country needs to go. I hope my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle will reconsider this failed strategy. 
The funding bills show the American 
people that we share their priorities. For instance, the bill before us takes care of our Active Military and our veterans when they return home. Clearly this is an area of bipartisan agreement. Yet talk of a filibuster re-mains. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.010 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7060 October 1, 2015 
Here is what the minority is consid-
ering filibustering: increases in funding for veterans services, military housing and family support, hospital and health facilities construction, just to name a few vital things in this bill. The bill in-creases funding in areas where our vet-erans need it most—health care, ben-efit claims processing, and medical re-search. It also includes funding for projects to ensure military readiness and improve the quality of life for mili-tary families. In light of the numerous scandals that have plagued the VA, it includes some strong policy reforms such as protection for whistleblowers. 
These are funding and policy prior-
ities for both sides of the aisle. That is why this bill passed out of the Appro-priations Committee with strong bipar-tisan support. That is why it should move forward without resistance on the Senate floor. Yet the minority is threatening a filibuster for reasons that have nothing to do with this bill. This is all about protecting the Presi-dent’s agenda. 
President Obama wants spending in-
creases across the board. He has issued a blanket veto threat for any appro-priations bill that does not meet his demands. Basically, the President’s view is that if such agencies don’t get more money, then neither should our veterans or military families. It is my hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle recognize this is out of line with our Nation’s priorities. 
The right thing to do is reject the 
President’s call to obstruct so we can continue to work together for the good of the country. Determining how we al-locate taxpayer dollars is our responsi-bility, not the President’s. Continuing resolutions have been all too common, while they should be a rare exception. We need to reestablish our priority of regular order and pass the individual funding bills that are needed to keep the government open. We can start that today and by moving the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Ap-propriations bill forward. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, we 
heard from many Members talking about the situation with the appropria-tions bill, and I would like to add my voice to the chorus. For too long un-certainty has hampered our Nation’s ability to grow our economy and make necessary investments in our work-force, our infrastructure, and our tech-nology. It was imperative that we avoided an unnecessary and reckless government shutdown this week, but that was a short-term patch. Now more than ever we need to take longer term actions to move our economy and our Nation forward. 
As the Senator from Arkansas men-
tioned, earlier this year the Appropria-tions Committee, on which I sit, ac-complished something that has not been done since 2009. We passed all 12 appropriations bills through the full committee. We did so in a fiscally re-
sponsible way. We did so within the budget caps agreed to by the Congress. Many of us voted for those budget caps. We did so with broad-based bipartisan support; 9 of the 12 bills had broad- based bipartisan support. These bills touch every aspect of government and every facet of our economy. From 
transportation, medical research, en-ergy investments to justice programs, these funding bills were robustly de-bated. 
Knowing all this, why are the Demo-
crats blocking the Senate from consid-ering one of these single appropriations bills? Earlier this week it was the De-fense appropriations. Today it is the MILCON–VA. Why? Why are they blocking these same bills that many of them have previously voted for in com-mittee and touted to their constitu-ents? 
Last week I had the privilege of trav-
eling across West Virginia with VA Secretary McDonald. We heard directly from veterans about their challenges and needs. One of the things we dis-cussed was the Greenbrier County com-munity-based outpatient clinic that had been closed. Secretary McDonald made a commitment, with over 200 vet-erans that we had in the room from that area, that that clinic would re-open quickly, but without the cer-tainty of the funding that we have in these bills, Secretary McDonald cannot make those assertions across the coun-try. We went to the Huntington VA Hospital, where we met with employees and veterans—committed individuals who want to see our veterans treated the way we want them to be treated, but the advances in medical tech-nologies can’t move forward without a certainty of what the funding levels are. 
These men and women, our brave vet-
erans, deserve our unified support and should not be subjected to the gridlock that has been so common in these past few years. The Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill funds con-struction and care for facilities and services that assist our military vet-erans. It improves facilities for men and women who are willing to sacrifice for our freedoms. I will say, many of our VA facilities are challenged with approximately 20 percent of women veterans who are coming out. They don’t have facilities to adequately treat our women veterans. This bill also includes funding for construction of State extended-care facilities, which helps construct, expand, and remodel nursing home facilities to care for our elderly veterans. We know many of our veterans are aging in larger and larger numbers. 
Determining our Nation’s spending 
priorities, especially when it comes to our veterans, is one of Congress’s most important responsibilities. Our process can work and our government can function. We demonstrated that at the committee level. We need to dem-onstrate that as well today on the floor of the Senate, but make no mistake 
about this, this is not just about proc-ess; it is also about progress. Funding bills are not just numbers on paper; they are people. They are our veterans. They are our friends and neighbors, our fathers and mothers, our sons and daughters. They represent the prior-ities of our Nation. 
There are other things in the appro-
priations bills that are equally impor-tant. We passed out historic invest-ments in NIH and community health centers. We passed out critical infra-structure improvements from expand-ing broadband access to trying to help with the drug epidemic. You cannot measure the impact of programs like the National Guard Counterdrug Pro-gram, which is helping to combat the spread of illegal drugs in our State, or the work of the Appalachian Regional Commission which helps to improve the lives of so many. Endless con-tinuing resolutions are not the most ef-fective ways to meet these needs and can be proved wasteful in both time and dollars. Our bills provide critical funding, but they also provide direc-tion on significant policy matters that are facing this Nation. 
When we operate from one short- 
term funding patch to the other, we as Members of Congress are forfeiting our responsibility to hold the executive branch accountable. Advancing appro-priations bills through regular order is a vital check on wasteful spending and overreach in our government agencies. 
We need to work together. We can 
start that today, and I hope we will later this afternoon. These are broad goals, and the goals are shown in those bills. As the Senate begins consider-ation of funding for Military Construc-tion and Veterans Affairs, we should remember this: Governing is about set-ting priorities and bringing fiscal re-sponsibility to the Federal Govern-ment, while ensuring that we provide for the necessary investments and serv-ices. Supporting our veterans is not only necessary, it is about the men and women who put their lives on the line for us so we can enjoy the freedoms we have here today. West Virginia is a very patriotic State, with one of the highest percentages of military vet-erans. I want to see that they are cared for properly. I am going to make that vote today. I hope my colleagues—the ones who are on the Appropriations Committee who have already voted in favor of this bill—will convince their colleagues on the other side that grid-lock and obstructionism is not the way to go in the Senate. It is time to work across the aisle to pass this bill and support our veterans. Doing so will strengthen our Nation. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.012 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7061 October 1, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
CAPITO ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
SENTENCING REFORM 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, 
there are many stories written in the last months about the dysfunction of Congress, why can’t they get along, why can’t they produce something, why can’t they address the issues and challenges of our time. It is easy to get into that mindset and believe that something has happened on Capitol Hill that cannot be repaired. For those who are about to give up hope, I hope they are reflecting on what I left just a few moments ago. It was a press con-ference held up in the radio and TV Senate gallery. 
Attending this press conference were 
Senator C
HUCK GRASSLEY , who is the 
chairman of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee; Senator J
OHNCORNYN , the Re-
publican whip; Senator M IKELEEof 
Utah; and Senator T IMSCOTT. On the 
Democratic side: Senator P ATRICK  
LEAHY , the ranking Democrat on the 
Senate Judiciary Committee; Senator C
OREY BOOKER of New Jersey, a rel-
atively new Member of the Senate; Senator S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE ; and 
Senator C HUCK SCHUMER . 
We were there to announce what we 
think is a historic achievement, a his-toric agreement. We have been working now for years, literally for years, on both sides of the aisle to make signifi-cant and meaningful criminal sen-tencing reform and reform to the cor-rections system of the United States of America. On that stage, from M
IKELEE 
to P ATLEAHY and D ICKDURBIN , was 
the entire political spectrum of the Senate. Within that spectrum, there are a lot of differences of opinion. There were times a year ago that I did not think that meeting and that an-nouncement would take place. 
But today we came together, on a bi-
partisan basis, to announce that we had reached an agreement, a historic agreement, on the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act of 2015. We knew we had a problem in America, a prob-lem of incarceration. A nation with 5 percent of the world’s population has 25 percent of the world’s prison popu-lation. What is going on in America? Why are so many people in prison, and has it made us any safer? We asked those hard questions and came up with what we think is a good response. 
We took a category of crime, drug 
use, that does not involve violence or a gun or gang activity and said: We are going to give to the judge in that case, that category of cases, more flexibility when it comes to sentencing. The min-imum mandatory requirements can be changed by the judge based on the de-fendant before him, the crime they committed, and what that judge be-lieves to be the best for our society. 
It is such a change. For the longest 
time, years and decades, our goal was to incarcerate as many as possible, and we did, some of them for extraor-
dinarily unfair and unjust periods of time. The worst vote—the worst vote I ever cast as a Member of Congress was in the House. It goes back more than 20 years ago. A basketball player at the University of Maryland named Len Bias died from a drug overdose. We were called on to stiffen the penalties for crack cocaine in America and we did, dramatically: 100 to 1 for crack co-caine versus sentencing for powdered cocaine—100 to 1. The net result of that in several decades of sentencing was to send away primarily African Ameri-cans for incredibly long sentences. Eu-genia Jennings of Alton, IL, a teenage mother and a crack addict was selling crack cocaine, a handful of it, to buy clothes and food for her children. It was her third offense. 
When she was convicted, the manda-
tory minimum sentencing guidelines gave Judge P
ATRICK MURPHY no choice 
but to hand down a sentence of 23 years in prison. Judge Murphy said at the time: This country, this government, has done nothing for you, Ms. Jen-nings, through your tortured life, and now at this moment in life we are going to kick you hard. 
The judge knew it was the wrong sen-
tence. Fortunately, Eugenia Jennings’ sentence was commuted after a dozen years. She was released from prison to be with her children, only for a short time. She passed away from cancer. But that is just one statistic, one story, and it can be repeated thousands of times. 
This bill tries to avoid that type of 
injustice. We were not going to be a safer State, a safer nation if she served 23 years instead of 12. It made no sense. So we address it with this bill. With this bill, we go after a new approach in sentencing on this narrow category of crimes, which we believe can result in many serving shorter sentences. 
Secondly, for those who are still in 
prison subject to that 100-to-1 ratio on sentencing, we give 6,500 inmates in the Federal prison system a chance to peti-tion for reconsideration of their sen-tence on an individual basis, so they can be judged by judges, prosecutors, and people in the community as to whether their sentence should be changed. 
So this, in a way, is a sweeping bill 
when it comes to the population of our prisons. I believe—many agree—it would be far better to take the $25,000, $30,000, $35,000 a year it costs to house an inmate and put it instead into com-munity policing, making our neighbor-hoods safer, giving our prosecutors the resources they need to not only come down with the right sentences but vari-ations in sentencing like drug courts, veterans courts, and things that are working around America which will make us safer at a lower cost. We will have more money available to the De-partment of Justice and across the board to go after the seriously threat-ening criminals we still have in Amer-ica whom we can never ever ignore. Senator C
ORNYN and Senator W HITE-
HOUSE took a look at those in prison to 
determine ways they could earn an ear-lier release or better terms of release. They did extraordinary work. Senator Corey Booker of New Jersey stepped in on an issue that all of us who serve with him know he feels so passionately about, the African-American incarcer-ation rate and particularly the impact it has on young people in that part of our population. He made some valuable contributions to this bill. 
It is our hope we can bring this bill 
to the Senate Judiciary Committee soon. Senator G
RASSLEY gave his word 
that would happen, and then bring it to 
the floor and send it to the House. 
For those who say, ‘‘What is going to 
happen over there, with all of the changes taking place?’’ I would make one observation: Our spectrum of polit-ical support for the bill we had at the press conference represents the spec-trum in the House as well. All of us came together. All of them can come 
together too. They may not agree with every word in this bill. Having served in the House, I am sure they won’t. But if they will make the same good-faith effort at finding reasonable com-promise, then we can reach a historic achievement, a historic outcome in this process. 
I wish to commend one member of 
my staff in particular who has devoted more hours than I could ever count to make this a reality. His name is Joe Zogby. He is my lead counsel on the Senate Judiciary Committee. Time and time again, Joe Zogby has performed so professionally and with such deter-mination, from my point of view and I am sure from other Senators’ points of view. We wouldn’t be here today if we didn’t have staffers like Joe who have given so much of their time and their heartfelt dedication to finding a solu-tion to an American problem. 
So before we walk away from the 
Congress and say there is no hope, take a look at this bill and this effort. This is how the Senate is supposed to work. This is how the House is supposed to work. It is how Congress is supposed to work. It is how America expects us to work. 
The President is anxious for us to 
come up with this work product. Let’s not disappoint him and the millions of Americans who count on us to solve the problems facing America. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
9/11 HEALTH PROGRAM 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
rise today to mark a sad occasion. Yes-terday, parts of the Zadroga 9/11 Health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.014 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7062 October 1, 2015 
and Compensation Act expired. Specifi-
cally, the authorization of the 9/11 health program—one of the two critical programs in the Zadroga act—came to an end last night and will have to start winding down. Thankfully, Dr. Howard and his team, who run the program, have responsibly managed their fund-ing, so they can continue to support health services and benefits for several months on into the future, perhaps an-other year. 
To be clear, our brave heroes are still 
able to get health care from this pro-gram today. That fact, however, should diminish in no way our responsibility in Congress to reauthorize the program as quickly as possible and perma-nently—forever. In truth, it is a black mark on a Congress that the program was ever allowed to expire, regardless of its ability to continue operations in the short term. 
The firefighters, police men and 
women, construction workers, and first responders from 9/11—many of them in-jured, many of them sick—traveled to Washington a few weeks ago to lobby Congress, to petition their representa-tives and their government to continue supporting basic health services they need to treat cancers, respiratory ail-ments, and other illnesses directly linked to 9/11. 
I wish to thank my colleague from 
New York, Senator G
ILLIBRAND , for her 
valued work on this issue. It has been a passion for her. She took the torch Hillary Clinton first lit when she was here as Senator and has run with it hard and well. I am proud to be her partner in trying to make sure that Zadroga, in both its parts, is extended permanently. 
People would think it would be easy 
to get this done considering all the leg-islators who say they will never forget, who make promises each anniversary to honor the heroes of 9/11. We should not need them to walk the Halls of Congress to win support for basic serv-ices for those who walked undaunted through dust, fire, rubble, and ash, who risked their lives to save their fellow citizens. The first responders who ran to the smoldering towers on 9/11 are just like our veterans—they volun-teered and risked their lives for our safety. These folks didn’t have to do this. They volunteered. They knew the dangers, but they care about our safe-ty. We should not forget them. 
But their voices and the impassioned 
advocacy of folks like John Feal and Jon Stewart have had a real impact. On September 16, when these first re-sponders visited Congress, the majority leader graciously said he would meet with them personally and said: ‘‘We do plan to extend the program and the committee s...i n  the House and the 
Senate are actually working on the de-tails now.’’ It was a real breakthrough. 
The first responders who pled their 
case, the advocates who supported them each step of the way, and cham-pions in Congress such as Senator G
ILLIBRAND here and Representatives NADLER and M ALONEY in the House, 
who passionately led the fight for this bill for years now, deserve much of the credit. They are the reason we have so many cosponsors—56 here in the Sen-ate, including 12 Republicans. I wish to thank the Presiding Officer for being one of those recent cosponsors. 
That is why I was so troubled to hear 
earlier this week, when again asked if the Senate would consider the exten-sion of the Zadroga act before the dead-line, the majority leader said he would ‘‘have to check and get back on that.’’ 
When the towers were hit, the fire-
fighters and the EMS workers and cops who rushed into those burning build-ings did not stop and say ‘‘I have to check on that and get back to you.’’ When the towers came down and there was a hellhole of twisted steel and smoldering plasterboard, with our brothers and sisters trapped within, the smell of burning flesh still in the air—I was there; I vividly remember it—and thousands with anguished faces holding signs that said ‘‘Did you see my mother, Mary? Have you seen my brother, Bob?’’ because people didn’t know where people were—maybe they were still alive but trapped in the smoldering towers—the first respond-ers so bravely rushed in to see if they could save any lives. They did not say ‘‘I have to check on that and get back to you.’’ No, they rushed right to the towers. They rushed in even before they were asked. They did their duty. They did more than their duty. Many died. Many more are suffering. We don’t need to check on things and get back to them. We need to write the check to fund their health care for the injuries they sustained in selfless serv-ice to their Nation when we were under attack by a foreign enemy. Period. End of story. 
So what changed so much over the 
course of 2 weeks? When the first re-sponders were here in DC, the majority leader committed to passing the legis-lation they need and so richly deserve for their heroism. A few weeks later, when the eyes of the world aren’t watching quite so closely, he said: I will have to check and get back. 
I would plead with the majority lead-
er to help move this legislation forward and move it forward quickly. Let’s not have to have these first responders, many of whom have all kinds of can-cers they acquired on those fatal days after 9/11, come back here again and again. Let the doctors who are bravely working for the program not have to worry whether they will have a job. And let the program itself, which has been done without an iota of fraud—all the claims of ‘‘Let’s do it for 5 years because we are not sure it will work’’— those are the things we negotiated, Senator G
ILLIBRAND and I with Senator 
Coburn—those worries are gone. It is working exquisitely well, and there has not been an iota of fraud or misspent money. 
So we shouldn’t have to check on it; 
we should just move forward. I plead, plead, plead with our majority leader, 
who was genuinely moved by the first responders when he met them, to make sure the bill moves forward. And let me say the same to the new leaders—who-ever they may become—in the new House, in the new elections that are coming. 
We cannot leave these heroes in 
limbo. We cannot leave them won-dering if their health program, now ex-pired, will be there for them if and when they get sick. As John Stewart said so well, cancer doesn’t expire. 
I only ask one thing this morning— 
one thing: that the majority leader and the Speaker honor their commitments to put this bill on the floor of both Houses. I implore them to move quick-ly to pass the Zadroga 9/11 health reau-thorization act. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, THE 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016—MO-TION TO PROCEED 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2029, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 98, H.R. 
2029, a bill making appropriations for mili-tary construction, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I am here this morning to speak about the issue that is before this body, the motion to proceed to H.R. 2029, or what we refer to as the MILCON–VA appro-priations bill. 
I certainly intend to support closing 
off debate on this and moving to take up this important appropriations meas-ure. This is important for a host of dif-ferent reasons, not the least of which is that we need to get to the substance of this issue. We need to get back to a regular order process in order to ad-vance the appropriations bills that we on the Appropriations Committee have spent a considerable amount of time and effort drafting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.015 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7063 October 1, 2015 
Over these past many months, we 
have worked to make sure that the bills were ready for floor consideration. We didn’t want to find ourselves in a situation where, at the end of this year, we scramble to piece together an omnibus measure that has not had the considered debate and opportunity for amendment that I believe we all seek as lawmakers. It is important that we consider the Military Construction-VA bill in regular order and do it now—not stick it on the back end of another measure, not incorporate it into an omnibus bill or into some fashion of a CR omnibus right before Christmas. 
I serve on the Appropriations Com-
mittee. I had input into this bill at the subcommittee level and again at the full committee markup, which is a lot more than can be said of many of my colleagues in this body who don’t have that opportunity since they are not on the Appropriations Committee. But even after having the input that I have had, it is extraordinarily important that I have another opportunity to in-fluence the bill, and I will illustrate why. 
I am going to speak about one very 
specific issue today that has garnered the attention, concern, and passion of Alaskans and veterans around the State, and that is the issue sur-rounding the Veterans Choice Card. 
In the view of many Alaskans, the 
Veterans Choice Card is an unmiti-gated disaster in our State, and there are many reasons that is the case. We don’t host a stand-alone VA hospital in Alaska. So the VA has issued a Choice Card to every veteran in the State who is enrolled for health care. In order to use the Choice Card, you have to iden-tify a provider that is willing to accept the card, qualifies under the very oner-ous Choice Card standards, and is also willing to put up with the bureaucratic strings that are attached to deter-mining which care is approved by the VA over what period of time and for what price. 
In Alaska, we have a demand for 
health care providers that far outstrips the supply, and I have been on the floor many times speaking on that subject. We have many Alaskans that have pri-vate health insurance which pays the providers better, and it is certainly more efficient than the government- sponsored programs. 
Structurally, the way the Veterans 
Choice Card Program is currently de-signed, it does not provide Alaska’s veterans with the choices that it prom-ises. It is just as simple as that, and those are just the structural problems we are talking about. Many of our col-leagues know that TriWest has encoun-tered difficulties with implementing the program, and the VA has had trou-ble coordinating TriWest’s work with the work of the local VA facilities. Un-fortunately, these problems have led to some dangerous near-misses. 
We had one situation with a veteran 
who was scheduled for a fee-basis neu-rosurgery. He was going to receive this care from a community provider in the 
State. Then he was told by the VA that the VA had changed its mind. They were not going to sign off on paying for the care. The vet was told to call TriWest. The TriWest call center oper-ator gave the veteran a list of behav-ioral health providers who had signed up to accept the Choice Card. The call center operator didn’t know that neu-rosurgery is not the same as behavioral health. By the time the VA had re-versed itself, the neurosurgery that the veteran had initially scheduled was no longer available. The vet had to wait for one to become available. 
What happened in the interim? They 
gave the veteran pain medicine. 
In another case, we had a veteran 
sent to Seattle for a course of radiation therapy, and in the middle of this course of radiation therapy the vet was told to return home because his au-thorization had expired. He was told: The authorization has expired. Go home. 
It is not as if he could just get in a 
car and drive 20 minutes back to his house. He had been sent to Seattle from a rural community in Southeast Alaska for the care—for the radiation therapy. They said: Go home. Your au-thorization has expired. 
So there was a whole series of ex-
changes with TriWest and then with the VA itself. The vet began, basically, calling family members to tell them he was coming home to die and to start making funeral preparations. This is not how we treat our veterans. 
Now the Veterans Choice legislation 
provided that the Choice Card program does not displace any of the existing VA purchased care programs. It explic-itly supplemented those programs, which for us in Alaska would be a good thing. In Alaska, the VA—and this was under Secretary Shinseki’s leader-ship—established two purchased care programs to address gaps in VA capac-ity in Alaska. One of the programs pro-vided for partnerships with our tribal health system to care for our vets in more remote areas of the State where the VA simply doesn’t have a presence. It was innovative. It was innovative at the time, and these partnerships worked. They really did help to facili-tate the care. The other program called ‘‘Care Closer to Home’’ enabled the VA to purchase care from community pro-viders in the State who performed med-ical services that the VA didn’t offer— services such as neurosurgery and spe-cialized forms of radiation therapy. 
Before this program was imple-
mented, the VA forced veterans to fly to Seattle or other parts of the country for services that we would consider pretty routine. You have a 1,000-mile- plus flight to Seattle for an orthopedic appointment or for a neurosurgery ap-pointment. This is what we are putting our veterans through. Imagine you are 70 years old, 80 years old, and you are told to go take a flight for 3
1⁄2hours to 
Seattle—get yourself to the hospital just for an orthopedic appointment. By the time the veteran is at this place 
and needs that appointment, you are not feeling well in the first place. 
I have talked and written before 
about a veteran on the Kenai Peninsula who died while fighting with the VA over urology care. He couldn’t travel to Anchorage, which is about a 3-hour drive, much less to Seattle where the VA wanted to send him because he was in very frail condition, but the VA re-fused to purchase his care on the Kenai Peninsula where there are facilities that could have helped him. I think we would all agree that when our elderly veterans are in perhaps their final months of life, they have got a lot bet-ter things to do than fight with the VA and the bureaucracy. 
When the VA came to the hearings 
before the appropriations sub-committee, I asked them pointblank whether the implementation of the Veterans Choice Card would adversely affect the existing purchased care pro-grams in Alaska, whether it is through IHS or further specialized care, and the answer was clear. There was no nuance; there was no doubt. The answer was no, it is not going to impact negatively the purchased care program. When the Sen-ate Appropriations Committee marked up the MILCON-VA bill on May 21, the VA hadn’t changed its answer. It is not going to negatively impact, they said. 
Then a week later, on May 28, I hap-
pened to be visiting the VA facility in Anchorage, and I learned there that the VA had spent all of its fiscal year 2015 purchased care money and was planning to suspend its relationships with community providers and the Alaska tribal health system. 
I had gone to the VA center to get an 
update, to check in with the new docs who were there and to see how things were going. It was basically a checkup with the folks at VA, and they laid this bombshell. They weren’t trying to be coy with me or hide the ball. They had just learned themselves. I don’t know who was in greater shock, me or the folks there at the VA and their mili-tary partners. 
We were also in a situation where 
there were a lot of rumors that the VA was going to pull out of the Joint Ven-ture Hospital that it shares with the Air Force on the Joint Base Elmendorf- Richardson. Again, this was a bomb-shell of news. Now we know that the VA was not just out of purchased care money, it was out of money to operate its health care system, and without the emergency infusion of money we pro-vided from the Choice Act fund before August recess, the VA would have run out of money before we had come back from the August recess. 
It was a situation that was a mess. 
We fixed the mess for 2015 but did noth-ing for 2016. 
What does the VA’s failure to prop-
erly project the cost of purchased care in 2015 mean for its fiscal year 2016 ap-propriations? After asking the VA on several occasions, I am left with the impression that the VA once again will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.017 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7064 October 1, 2015 
run out of money for purchased care 
and then will remedy this situation by shoving veterans who are seeking care under the Choice Card whether the care is meaningfully available or not. So we have been pushing the VA on this, and to Secretary McDonald’s credit, he came to Alaska this summer. The Un-dersecretary for Health, Dr. Shulkin, visited Alaska. They weren’t sheltered from the anger that our vets were feel-ing. 
My colleague Senator S
ULLIVAN con-
ducted an incredible field hearing to create a record of how the VA, TriWest, and the Choice Card Program were individually and collectively fail-ing Alaska’s veterans. But here’s the problem. We don’t have a fiscal year 2016 solution locked down, and we may not have an acceptable solution locked down by Veterans Day, either. 
Without an opportunity to debate the 
fiscal year 2016 appropriations bill on the floor, I have limited opportunity to press this point, to demand that the GAO investigate what actually is going on and try to amend the bill to ensure that the VA has adequate purchased care money available so that it doesn’t drop these veterans through the cracks when it can’t serve their critical care issues, and neither can the Choice Card program. Without the opportunity to debate in regular order, I can’t do what the people of Alaska have asked me to do in representing them the way I know that we need to in order to deal with this. 
I hear what the Democratic leader is 
saying, that the Budget Control Act needs to be addressed, but I don’t agree with the tradeoff that we cannot con-sider appropriations bills in regular order while conversations are ongoing to address the bigger, broader question. Failing to consider these bills in reg-ular order corrodes the influence of this body; it corrodes the ability of Members to fulfill the responsibilities that we have to the people that we work for. These are issues. 
Again, I chose to focus my comments 
this morning on one area within the MILCON-VA, on that implementation of the Choice Card in Alaska, and how it has so basically failed our veterans. But there is so much more. Again, if we don’t have that opportunity to bring it up, to offer our amendments, to do our best to serve the needs of our veterans, we fail them. We fail the system. 
I do hope we will have the oppor-
tunity this afternoon to advance to these important measures. Remember, this is just the first of 12. It is very im-portant work that we have in front of us. 
Madam President, I know my col-
league from Connecticut has arrived on the floor, but before I yield the floor to him, I want to briefly mention a meet-ing that I had this morning in my of-fice. 
WELCOMING MEMBERS OF THE ANCHORAGE FIRE  
DEPARTMENT HONOR GUARD  
Madam President, I was able to wel-
come members of the Anchorage Fire Department Honor Guard to my office. 
They are making their way to Emmits-burg, MD, to be part of a ceremony at the National Fallen Firefighters Me-morial, where they will pay tribute to and honor the firefighters who have given their lives in the line of duty during the year 2014. 
REMEMBERING JEFF BAYLESS  
The firefighter whom Alaska is rec-
ognizing and honoring is a gentleman by the name of Jeff Bayless. He died at the age of 51 on March 7, 2014, during a strenuous training exercise in Anchor-age. 
How Jeff Bayless lived his life as a 
fourth-generation Alaskan, and as one who had not only a love for the out-doors but a love and care for people, is something that we want to pay tribute to, and we want to honor and recognize him. 
This weekend, on the campus of the 
National Fire Academy in Emmits-burg, MD, the name of fallen Anchor-age firefighter Jeffery Edward Bayless will be inscribed on the National Fall-en Firefighters Memorial. A total of 87 firefighters will be honored, and 84 of those firefighters, including Jeff, gave their lives in the line of duty during 2014. Three died in previous years. This week, I welcome members of the An-chorage Fire Department Honor Guard to my office, as they make their way to Emmitsburg to celebrate Jeff’s life and his contributions to the fire service. 
I wanted to reflect for a moment on 
the life of fire hero Jeff Bayless. Jeff died at age 51 on March 7, 2014, during a strenuous training exercise in An-chorage. Heroes are remembered for the way they lived their lives and this is how we should remember Jeff Bayless. 
Jeff was a fourth generation Alaskan. 
He grew up in Copper Center, attended Alaska Bible College in Glennallen, and then became a paramedic through the Oregon Health Sciences University training program. Jeff was also trained as a Registered Nurse. After serving as a paramedic in Oregon, he returned to Alaska to work as a first responder in Matanuska-Susitna Borough. Ulti-mately he found his home at the An-chorage Fire Department, first as a paramedic and then as a firefighter. He excelled in both roles. Working his way up the ranks, Jeff was a Senior Captain at the time of his passing. 
As would be expected of a fourth gen-
eration Alaskan, Jeff had a love for the out of doors. From an early age, Jeff put his mastery of the outdoors to work in the service of lifesaving. As an older teenager, Jeff and his buddy hap-pened upon a flash flood in the Yukon that swept vehicles off the road. Using their wilderness savvy, they roped up and rescued every person. 
Later in life, as a member of the An-
chorage Fire Department’s whitewater rescue team, he plucked several vic-tims from dangerous waters. One of these rescues was particularly memo-rable. On September 16, 2012, Jeff’s Sta-tion 11 was called out to rescue a kayaker on the Eagle River who was 
lodged against a tree after his kayak overturned. The kayaker was in the water for about 90 minutes when a by-stander called for emergency assist-ance. First the tree had to be cut, then the kayaker plucked from the water by his lifejacket. The kayaker was hypothermic by this point. While a number of units from the Anchorage Fire Department responded, Jeff was senior on the three-man jet boat team that plucked the victim out of the water. Jeff’s team won the American Red Cross of Alaska Wilderness Rescue Heroes award. Jeff characterized the rescue as one of the most challenging successful rescues his team had ever been involved with. The team was well trained to perform the rescue and in spite of the dangers ‘‘everyone went home,’’ including the victim. 
I cannot characterize Jeff’s life in 
words more touching than on his Na-tional Fallen Firefighters Foundation official biography. He spent his life simply doing what he loved, com-pletely engaged, lost in the moment. Without any consciousness of the im-pact his own life was having, he left be-hind a great legacy of life, encourage-ment, accomplishments, and friend-ship. 
That, my colleagues, is the definition 
of a fire hero. 
He would say he was one of the guys 
who was just doing his job, but as one of those men who was just doing his job, he needs to know that we view him as one of our heroes. 
Our thoughts and our prayers are 
with his family and all of his brother and sister firefighters as they gather this weekend in Emmitsburg. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
ZADROGA 9 /11 BILL  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, I thank my colleague from Alas-ka for yielding and giving me this op-portunity to discuss two measures that ought to be beyond debate or discus-sion on this floor as well as in Amer-ica—two issues where Americans ought to unite and be together without con-troversy or contention. 
The first relates to the emergency re-
sponders who rushed to the rubble of the World Trade Center in New York in the wake of that horrific attack on America on September 11. I want to join and thank my colleague from New York, Senator S
CHUMER , who just 
spoke on the floor, and associate my-self completely with his very eloquent and powerful explanation for why this Nation must meet its obligation to pro-vide critical health care for those emergency responders, firemen, police, and medical personnel who went to that site, even as it continued to smol-der with poisonous chemicals and fumes, risking their lives in the face of peril that they little understood and could not know. They never asked whether that place was dangerous, but, in fact, as we now know, it has caused 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.019 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7065 October 1, 2015 
countless cancers, blood diseases, and 
lung problems, which have manifested themselves in the years after. 
Yet at midnight last night, the be-
ginning of this day, the programs de-signed to provide critical medical care and compensation to the victims were permitted to expire. That is uncon-scionable and unacceptable. 
I join my colleagues from New York 
and New Jersey as a leading cosponsor in urging this Congress to act—and to act immediately and urgently—to make sure that we do what is right for those emergency responders who served and sacrificed in the wake of 9/11. Fail-ure to do so is absolutely outrageous. The fund still has some money, and it will continue to function. But this Con-gress should act to pass the Zadroga 9/ 11 bill immediately. 
Madam President, the second area 
where I think we ought to be all agree-ing relates to doing what is right for our veterans, and that means restoring the $857 million that has been deleted from the President’s request for vet-erans in the Military Construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016. This bill essentially shortchanges our veterans and straitjackets the Vet-erans’ Administration. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  
a letter from the American Legion. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
THEAMERICAN LEGION , 
OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL COMMANDER , 
Washington, DC, September 30, 2015. 
Hon. M ITCH MCCONNELL , 
Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL : Last 
May then-National Commander Michael D. Helm called on Congress to pass a budget for the Military Construction-Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill that won’t shortchange the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). On April 30 the House of Representatives had passed a funding bill which unfortunately underfunds VA’s medical care, major con-
struction and Information Technology ac-counts by more than $1.5 billion below the Administration’s request. 
We were pleased when the Senate Appro-
priations Committee remedied that shortfall somewhat, but because they were tasked with making an unworkable allocation work-able, the Senate version of the bill still underfunds veterans by approximately $857 million. This comes at a time when the VA is faced with an unprecedented demand for services, in terms of both numbers and com-plexity. 
We need your help to ensure that VA is 
fully funded so it can provide the care and services veterans have earned and need. An inadequate VA budget will have a negative effect on the timeliness and quality of care that veterans will receive. Fully funding VA must be a very high priority for Congress. 
The American Legion is the largest vet-
eran service organization in the nation and we take our responsibility to analyze and evaluate veterans’ healthcare options very seriously. As VA, Congress and The Amer-ican Legion move forward together we must ensure that America’s veterans are provided with the healthcare and services they have earned and were guaranteed. 
Respectfully, 
D
ALEBARNETT , 
National Commander. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. This letter em-
phasizes the challenges that the VA faces in meeting the unprecedented and increasing demand for services that our veterans need and deserve. This obliga-tion for our country is not a matter of discretion or convenience, it is a prom-ise that we have made and we must ful-fill to provide medical care, skills training, job opportunity, and, most es-pecially, the mental health care that our veterans need so that we can stop the 22 suicides every day in this coun-try—the greatest, strongest, country in history of our world, where 22 of our Nation’s heroes commit suicide every day. 
They suffer from the invisible 
wounds of war, post-traumatic stress and traumatic brain injury. Many of our veterans suffer the more visible wounds, and they need care as well. 
Many of our veterans in increasing numbers will be coming out of the serv-ice needing jobs and skills training, not only through the VA but the Depart-ment of Labor. Just yesterday, the nominee for the Veterans Employment and Training Services position in the Department of Labor testified before the Veterans’ Affairs Committee as to the importance of services provided by the Department of Labor, and yet they too will be shortchanged by this budg-et. 
So I urge my colleagues to provide 
sufficient funding to restore that $857 million and to make sure that we meet those needs of our veterans. Failing to do so is as unacceptable as failing to meet the needs of the emergency re-sponders who went to the 9/11 site. This bill underfunds the VA’s medical facili-ties by $100 million, reducing the VA’s ability to keep pace with the need for critical facility maintenance. This is upkeep that is vital for basic repair and maintenance. Facilities will decay and downgrade without that funding. It is an investment in basic infrastruc-ture. 
We ought to be investing in the per-
sonnel of the VA—the doctors and nurses and other professionals—so that we recruit and retain the men and women who will really do the work on the ground in the trenches to make sure that the VA provides the best care possible—world-class care to our vet-erans. They deserve no less. Fully fund-ing the VA honors the service and sac-rifice of men and women who have risked their lives to keep our great Na-tion free. Freedom is never free, and this Nation ought to be keeping its promise to those veterans, which, un-fortunately, sadly, reprehensibly, this measure fails to do. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to enter into a col-loquy with the Senator from Wis-consin. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. BORDER JOBS FOR VETERANS ACT 
OF 2015 
Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, we 
are here to discuss the process for the Border Jobs for Veterans Act that is going to pass shortly. 
I yield to the Senator from Wis-
consin. 
Mr. JOHNSON. Madam President, 
first, I thank my colleague from Ari-zona for leading and also for his leader-ship for working, on a bipartisan basis, with Members from the other side of the aisle to really accomplish some-thing to produce a result. What I have been trying to do as chairman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is that I have reached out to every Senator and asked them: If you have identified a problem, if you have a piece of legisla-tion that solves that problem, bring it before our committee, and I will do ev-erything in my power to mark it up, report it out of our committee, and then first work with you to first pass it through the Senate, then through the House, to get that piece of legislation on the President’s desk, and to have it signed into law to actually solve that problem. 
The Senator from Arizona has done a 
great job in this particular case be-cause this is a piece of legislation that truly is a win-win. It is a win for our veterans, and it is a win for the border. 
I am not going to steal the Senator’s 
thunder in terms of describing all of the benefits of the bill, but I just want to mention a couple. We obviously have a huge problem at our border, and nei-ther one of us would claim that this is going to solve all of our problems. But it identifies one—a staffing problem with our ports of entry. Also there is another problem in terms of our vet-erans who have served this Nation and are unable to find work. So that is the win-win. This is a perfect example of a piece of legislation now that solves that problem. 
Coming from the manufacturing sec-
tor, I never did quite understand why our returning veterans—with their es-prit de corps, with all their skills, all their dedication, their great attitude— are having a hard time finding work, because certainly in my manufacturing operation in Oshkosh, WI, boy, if I found a veteran, I hired that individual because they are great workers. Now, in my Senate office, we actually have seven veterans with a combined total of 115 years of service. 
So I think what we are going to find 
now at Customs and Border Protection is that this bill will make it easier for 
veterans to connect with those par-ticular jobs to help staff our ports of entry. Customs and Border Protection is going to find that value of being able to employ the finest among us because we have made that easier. Our veterans are going to have the ability to leave 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.021 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7066 October 1, 2015 
service and have a very good job fur-
ther serving the country and keeping our Nation safe. 
I again thank the Senator from Ari-
zona for his leadership on this and for working with me to get this passed through our committee, passed through the Senate, and put on the President’s desk for his signature to have this bill signed into law so we can be helping our veterans and protect this Nation. 
I thank the Senator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Thank you. I again 
thank the Senator from Wisconsin and others I will name later for working so hard on this bill. 
The Senator made sure that it moved 
through his committee expeditiously, that we got it to the floor in the Sen-ate and also through the House as well. It is an example of how the Senate and the House can work in a bipartisan way. I appreciate both the appeal that you have made to encourage us to come forward with problems that we have and to vote for ways that your committee can help solve them. 
Thank you again. Mr. JOHNSON. If I could just make 
one final point, this is a classic exam-ple of when we concentrate on the areas of agreement and find the areas of agreement that unite us, as opposed to exploiting the divisions. 
Again, this is a perfect example of 
getting bipartisan support on a piece of legislation. It serves as a great exam-ple for everybody serving in Wash-ington to see us concentrate on the areas of agreement that unify us rather than exploit those divisions. 
Again, I thank the Senator very 
much for his leadership. 
Mr. FLAKE. Thank you. Madam President, I wish to talk 
about the problem that led to this bill. We have made significant investments along the border in terms of port facili-ties. More needs to be done, obviously, but we made significant investments to accommodate cross-border traffic. 
There is a lot of good that goes on at 
the border. We often just focus on the bad—the illegal crossings, the drug trade, and whatnot—but there is a tre-mendous amount of good that happens on the border, particularly the border of Arizona and Mexico. 
There is a lot of commerce that goes 
in. Arizona’s ports of entry processed $30.5 billion worth of goods in 2014. This is an increase up from $18.5 billion in 2009. So there is a lot of good that goes on. We have needed more adequate staffing at these ports. 
The Border Patrol officers with 
whom we often associate the border are in green uniforms. What we need more of are blue uniforms—people to actu-ally facilitate this cross-border traffic and the flow of goods that benefits us, benefits Mexico and other countries to the south as well. 
Secretary Johnson, when we asked 
why we were having difficulty filling these slots for staffing of these ports, said that—well, let me just say we au-thorized—the Senate and the House au-
thorized—2,000 new CPB officers. We authorized these positions, but as of earlier this year, only 800 of the 2,000 had been filled. So Secretary Johnson was explaining that the delays are as-sociated with applicant background in-vestigations, low polygraph clearance rates, and a shortage of Federal poly-graph examiners combined with attri-tion. 
So we thought: What group of people 
do we have who have gone through these security clearances already and 
who could clear this hurdle and expe-dite this? And it is, of course, our re-turning men and women from the mili-tary and those who are now out of serv-ice. They have, in many cases, already gone through the security clearances. They have passed the polygraph test and could more expeditiously move into these jobs. Obviously, we have concerns, and we have several other programs that deal with returning vet-erans to make sure that there are jobs awaiting them. 
Let me say that this doesn’t affect 
any of the preferences or other posi-tions that are available for our vet-erans. This simply requires CPB and the Department of Homeland Security to coordinate or collaborate with our military to see what jobs are out there and see what positions can be filled. 
It shouldn’t take an act of Congress 
to get two agencies to work together like this, but sometimes it does. So that is what this legislation is doing, and it will require reporting to happen as well to make sure that this is being accomplished and the coordination is occurring. 
Let me just talk about some of the 
endorsements for this legislation, some of those groups that have helped us in exploiting the need and coming to a so-lution. 
The Arizona Chamber of Commerce 
and Industry said: 
The Border Jobs for Veterans Act . . . 
helps advance two major national priorities: the facilitation of cross-border commerce and the future employment of the tens of thousands of men and women who separate from military service each year. Ensuring our ports of entry are properly staffed is critical to our nation’s ability to compete on a global scale. 
The president of the Fresh Produce 
Association of the Americas said: 
The Border Jobs for Vets Legislation is 
crucial for continuing to grow the nation’s economy. It is helping businesses across the country continue to prosper by facilitating trade while also using the skills and knowl-edge of an amazing asset we already have, our veterans, to do this important work. 
The Greater Nogales-Santa Cruz Port 
Authority said: 
Border communities like Nogales, Arizona, 
depend greatly on the ability of people and goods to cross the border effectively and effi-ciently. We have been pushing for many years for additional staff. . . . The Border Jobs for Veterans Act is one of the most sig-nificant steps taken on this issue in many years. 
The president of the Tucson Hispanic 
Chamber of Commerce said: We appreciate our Arizona Senators’ inno-
vative approach to a problem that is impact-ing our communities and our economy. Any impediments that increase wait times at our ports of entry such as a lack of adequate 
staffing impact our retail sales and ulti-mately the financial success of our business community in Arizona. 
I would like to take a moment to 
thank my Senate colleagues—Senator R
ONJOHNSON , who already spoke here; 
Senator M CCAIN, who played a critical 
role in this; Senator S CHUMER , Senator 
BURR, Senator B ALDWIN , Senator F EIN-
STEIN , Senator L ANKFORD , Senator S UL-
LIVAN , Senator T ILLIS , Senator 
TOOMEY , and Senator D AVID VITTER — 
for cosponsoring this bipartisan legis-lation. 
After being approved by the Senate, 
Arizona Congresswoman M
ARTHA  
MCSALLY has led the effort to get it 
passed in the House unanimously. She played a great role there, and I want to thank her for leading this effort in the House. 
Thanks to everyone’s support and the 
hard work of committee staff, includ-ing Brooke Ericson and Holly Idelson on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee and Paul Anstine of the House Homeland Security Committee, we now have this bill ready to head to the President’s desk. 
In conclusion, let me just say that 
those leaving the military need jobs and CBP needs officers. This is a great bill that will require coordination be-tween the two, and it will lead to greater staffing at less cost and cer-tainly in less time. So I look forward to having the administration look at this and look forward to having the President sign this legislation. 
With that, Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 2835, which was received from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2835) to actively recruit mem-
bers of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection officers. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. FLAKE. I ask unanimous consent 
that the bill be read a third time and passed, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and any state-ments related to the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 2835) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I 
yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.023 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7067 October 1, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, THE 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016—MO-TION TO PROCEED—Continued 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 2101 
Ms. AYOTTE. Madam President, I 
come to the floor today to ask for an extension of a very important program to my State—the Land and Water Con-servation Fund—and because of that I ask unanimous consent that the En-ergy and Natural Resources Committee be discharged from and the Senate pro-ceed to the immediate consideration of S. 2101; I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from New Hampshire. Ms. AYOTTE. Madam President, I am 
very disappointed that last night the Land and Water Conservation Fund ex-pired, and so it has lapsed. I just of-fered a unanimous consent request to extend this fund for 60 days to make sure there was not a lapse in this im-portant program. 
This is a fund that, in my home State 
of New Hampshire, has been used to en-sure the public can enjoy our beautiful environment and our natural spaces, from my home city of Nashua, NH, and Mine Falls Park, which I love to run through every morning when I am in New Hampshire, to our beautiful White Mountain National Forest. 
I had the opportunity to come to the 
floor yesterday with Senators from both sides of the aisle, including my colleague from Montana, Senator D
AINES . The Senator from Montana 
had a wonderful picture of him and his wife in their public lands that have been preserved using the Land and Water Conservation Fund. The picture was of him and his wife hiking. We all understand that a big part of the beau-
ty of this country is our natural beau-ty, and because of that, the Land and Water Conservation Fund was estab-lished in 1965. It was actually estab-lished to aid in the preservation of spaces for outdoor recreation across this Nation. 
In New Hampshire we have a very 
strong tradition of the outdoors being such a part of who we are. In fact, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has led to more than 650 individual acquisi-tion and development projects in our State. We very much support the pub-lic use of our lands in our State, enjoy-ing their natural beauty, whether it is hiking, fishing, hunting or any number of other wonderful uses we can have of our public lands. So this fund has been very important, and I believe we should not let it lapse. The law that created the Land and 
Water Conservation Fund in 1965 estab-lished that a portion of the revenues coming from oil and gas leasing would be designated for this purpose. So to not extend this fund really is another example, if you look at the fund itself, where portions of these dollars have ac-tually been taken to spend for other purposes in the Treasury, not in ac-cordance with the law. We see that happen too much in Washington. But to let this lapse is very unfortunate. 
I am very disappointed my colleague 
has rendered an objection because this is such a bipartisan issue and some-thing that has done so much for our country—this program—and for my home State of New Hampshire. So I hope in the coming days we will be able to work together to have the Land and Water Conservation Fund program ex-tended and that we can get beyond the partisan objections and get it done so we can work together to preserve the beautiful spaces in this country. This program has done so much for my home State of New Hampshire and for many States across this country, and that is why it has such strong bipar-tisan support. 
Madam President, I am very dis-
appointed that my very reasonable re-quest in asking for unanimous consent to extend this program for 60 days until we can get to the long-term per-manent authorization—which I support and I have cosponsored, and I think that is what we need to do in the long term—has been objected to. To let this lapse is completely unacceptable when it has been such a strong program in allowing everyone in this country to enjoy our public lands, to enjoy the great outdoors in the greatest country on Earth. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I 
want to talk for a few minutes about the discussion we are having about 
whether to have a discussion. The de-bate we are having about whether to have a debate is always amazing to me. How far we have moved in such a short period of time from the way the Con-gress always did its work. The way you set your priorities, both at home and in the government, is how you spend your money. You might think that is not the way you set your priorities, but if you think something is very important to you and your family and you find out you are not investing any money or time in it, it is probably not all that important. It is probably something you have decided is a good thing to say is very important. 
This is the process we go through in 
the government to talk about what our priorities are. What could be more sig-
nificant in our priorities than the bill that I would like to see us take up today, the VA-Military Construction bill, the bill that determines lots of things about not only people who serve in the military but what is available for their families, and what kind of support structure there is, and then with the Veterans’ Administration, what is there after they serve, how are we meeting that commitment we made to our veterans that if they serve for the government—and we are grateful, so we should then make sure we are al-ways there to do what the American people have told veterans we would do if they served. 
We have already had votes not to go 
to the Defense appropriations bill—a bill that is about the same amount of money the President asked for and what the President said was needed to defend the country, but apparently there is some balance somewhere in the world—that I am not aware of—that no matter how much it costs to defend the country, you have to spend that much money on other things that don’t de-fend the country; that there is a bal-ance between what is happening in Syria today and how many employees the EPA needs or how many employees the IRS needs. Obviously, that is some-thing that doesn’t make sense to peo-ple. It doesn’t make sense to me, but we couldn’t get the four additional votes we needed to go to the Defense appropriations bill. I guess in a world where the President said he is also going to veto the Defense authoriza-tion bill—not because of what it au-thorizes but because of the money that eventually the appropriators would have to spend—people have to wonder what is going on. The No. 1 priority of the Federal Government is to defend 
the country, and following that pri-ority, our obligation is to those who serve in the military and their fami-lies. That is what the Military Con-struction bill would do. It actually spends a little more money than we spent this year. That appears to be everybody’s complaint; that somehow the government is not spending enough money, but the Appropriations Com-mittee took the amount of money that the law allows, and the Budget Control Act did a good thing in terms of keep-ing spending under control. That is one of the few things that has happened in Washington, DC, in a long time that actually did put a lid on spending be-cause it actually put a lid on spending. It actually says in the law how much money we can spend this year on dis-cretionary spending. The Appropria-tions Committee, with Republicans in charge for the first time in a long time, did the work for the first time in a long time. In fact, this is the first year in 6 years that the Appropriations Com-mittee voted all the bills out of com-mittee, marked up all of the bills, cut places where the committee thought should be cut, increased places where the committee thought should be in-creased, and this at a level that the law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.025 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7068 October 1, 2015 
allows, but apparently the law is not 
good enough for our friends who always want to spend more money. It is not even good enough to debate the bills that come out at the level of the law, to let those be amended, and to let that work be publicly done. 
This worked pretty well for a long 
time. I think initially there was prob-ably one spending bill, but I think in 
the tradition of Congress, that was the one bill that in both the House and the Senate we were able to debate as long as we wanted to, until everybody was worn out, offering their ideas as to how to spend the money better or not spend it at all. The House has continued to do this, except for a couple of years under Speaker P
ELOSI , on the half dozen big 
bills of the 12 spending bills we have now, and they traditionally have 200 or 300 amendments on each of those bills on how to spend the money. Some of those suggestions were not to spend it at all. What could be healthier than that? The Senate is not allowed to do that. At the end of the day, we are say-ing: Let’s debate these bills. Let’s, of course, debate the bill that defends the country. Let’s debate the bill that takes care of those who do defend the country. 
This bill includes $5.5 billion more 
than was spent last year. I don’t recall hearing a hark and cry—when this bill finally gets passed as part of one big not very appealing package—from any-one saying that we were not spending nearly enough on military construc-tion or veterans programs last year, but even though we are spending $5.5 billion more than we spent last year, some are saying it isn’t nearly enough to spend this year. The committee thought it was enough. 
In fact, this bill was voted out of 
committee—and remember this com-mittee has Democrats and Republicans on it—with a vote of 27 to 3. Eleven Democrats and all the Republicans said: This is the best way to spend this amount of money—$5.5 billion more for these purposes than we spent last year. Let’s vote this bill out so it can be de-bated on the Senate floor. Here we are months later, still trying to get 60 Sen-ators to agree to have that debate. Ac-tually, I think we are trying to get five Senators to agree to have that debate because all of the Republicans, and one Democrat, appear to be willing to move forward on these defense funding bills, but there is not enough on the other side. If we could get half of the Demo-crats who voted for the bill in the com-mittee, we would have the votes we need to have this debate and talk about spending money. 
Eventually the government has to be 
funded, and we should all understand that if we don’t do it this way, the al-ternative is that it will be funded in absolutely the worst possible way as one big bill with no debate and having to settle on some desperate decision at the end of the year in order to keep the government funded because we do have to defend the country. I am not arguing with the decision 
that ultimately has to be made to de-fend the country. I am not arguing with the decision that ultimately has to be made to have the military instal-lations that allow that to happen with military construction. I am not argu-ing with the decision that has to be made for the veterans affairs part of our government, including veterans’ health—mental and physical—behav-ioral health, and other health, to be funded properly, but why aren’t we de-bating on that today? 
What would be wrong with debating 
this bill? If you were not one of the 27 Senators on that committee—so 27 per-cent of the Senate has already voted on this bill. Let’s send it to the Senate floor and vote on it. If you are not one of the 27 Senators who voted for it or one of the 3 who voted against it, bring your ideas to the floor. That is how this process is supposed to work. Your ideas may be better than what is in the bill, but we will never find out if we are not allowed to debate it. This is regret-table for veterans and their families. We see a Veterans’ Administration that is not doing what it ought to do. 
A year ago, the President said the 
Veterans’ Administration was the best funded part of ‘‘his government,’’ but now there is not enough money. Sud-denly there is not enough money. The President thought there was enough money a year ago, but apparently there is not enough money now. The real issue is that there is not enough com-mitment to veterans and the Veterans’ Administration. We could have that de-bate here too. 
Over the last year, we have moved a 
long way toward giving veterans more choices, more options, and more places to go to get their health care. That system is in its fledgling stages, and it ought to be debated as we talk about how to spend money that would be spent on the Veterans’ Administration, but we can’t debate and vote on it if people aren’t willing to have the vote it takes to have that debate. We ought to be getting back to the way this process works transparently and the way it works constitutionally. We need to have this vote today. We need to get to the Defense appropriations bill. 
Earlier this week, we had a vote— 
which I didn’t support—to move for-ward for a few more weeks with last year’s spending. Last year’s priorities only work for so long. Just a couple of years ago, we had the situation where the Budget Control Act had to go into effect—and it went into effect because Congress didn’t do its job and ended up appropriating more money than the law would allow—and that required line-by-line cutting, the sequester, which is not a necessary part of that law at all. It is only a part of the law if the Congress violates the law, and the Congress violated the law. The President signed the bill, and then we had to do the line-by-line cutting. 
We brought the leaders of our mili-
tary in to talk about this, and none of them were for line-by-line cutting. 
Who would be? That is the worst pos-sible way to reduce spending because you are not making any choices, you are just admitting that you can’t make any choices, and so everything gets cut everywhere. Every one of them said this is a big problem, but an even big-ger problem in almost every case is the sequester. In fact, Admiral McRaven of Special Ops said that an even bigger problem than the sequester is the con-tinuing resolution because we were cutting lines of a budget that might have met the military needs 5 years be-fore, but it hasn’t been updated for 5 years. 
Let’s have this debate. Let’s move 
beyond saying that we can’t decide how to spend the money to debating how to spend the money. Let’s have a defense structure that works for 2015 and 2016, not a defense structure that might have worked for 2010. One of the great frustrations the people we work for have with us today is they believe this is not all that complicated, and they are right. How complicated can it be? 
We were elected to the Senate so we could take positions and vote, so let’s take positions and vote. The debate we should be having is about moving for-ward on these critical issues. 
I hope our colleagues will join us 
today. I hope there are 60 Senators who will say: I am ready to have this de-bate. I am ready to defend the country. I am ready to take care of those who defend our country and their families and veterans and their survivors. And that is what this budget is all about. 
How anyone can walk onto the floor 
and say they don’t want to deal with this now and put it off a little while longer is disappointing to me and to lots of people. 
Let’s get our work done. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. KIRK. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. KIRK. Madam President, I come 
to the floor to urge my colleagues to pass the 2016 Military Construction ap-propriations bill. This bill has a $4.2 billion increase over last year’s level. 
We passed the MILCON–VA bill out 
of the full Appropriations Committee by a vote of 21 to 9, with Democratic Senators Leahy, Feinstein, Udall, Schatz, and Baldwin all supporting that bill and with 16 Republicans back-ing it. 
We now have record levels of funding 
to fix the backlog of disability claims at the VA. We took construction out of the hands of the VA and gave it to the Army Corps of Engineers so that we never have cost overruns like at the Denver hospital again. The bill also bans funding for Glenn Haggstrom, the bureaucrat responsible for spending 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.026 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7069 October 1, 2015 
$930 million over budget in Denver. The 
bill provides new protections for whis-tleblowers, especially for doctors and nurses not protected by the Whistle-blower Protection Act. 
By voting no on this bill, Members 
will be voting against a $4.2 billion in-crease for our veterans. 
Thank you, Madam President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP NEGOTIATIONS  
Mr. TILLIS. Madam President, I rise 
today to speak about a subject matter I touched on about a month ago regard-ing current trade negotiations. 
I don’t blame elected officials for 
pushing legislation, policy proposals, or ideas that further their home State’s interests. In fact, I think that is one of the first things we should do here, that is, to make sure the folks who elected us know we are standing up for them. 
But I also think there comes a time 
when we need to recognize that the long-term interests of our collective constituents are at risk, even when we are doing short term things that put us at risk. 
This is why I have decided that I 
wish to speak a little bit about the cur-rent status of the Trans-Pacific Part-nership or TPP negotiations. 
I learned overnight and this morning 
that the American team of the TPP ne-gotiators has tabled language which would carve certain American-grown commodities out of the protections of the trade deal’s investor-state dispute settlement—or ISDS—mechanism. 
By carving out tobacco from the 
TPP, the President and his administra-tion are discriminating against an en-tire agriculture commodity, setting a dangerous precedent for future trade agreements. 
I rise today to defend the farmers, 
the manufacturers, and the exporters from the discriminatory treatment in this proposed trade agreement. What they have decided to do right now re-lates to tobacco. Today it happens to be about tobacco, but I will do this for any crop now and for any agriculture commodity for any State going forward in the future. This is not just about to-bacco. This is about American values and fairness. 
In July I stood on this same floor and 
I discussed this same issue. I went out of my way to emphasize that I believe free trade is good. That is why I voted for trade promotion authority. A bal-anced trade agreement will benefit all of us. 
I also recognize that the United 
States over the years has tried to do more with these agreements than merely haggle for market access or tar-iff reductions. Over the past 30 years, the United States has consistently im-ported certain components of our American system into these agree-ments, including due process protec-tions, dispute settlement procedures, and the protection of private property rights. These are now standard terms that 
those who engage with the United States at the bargaining table know are not negotiable. 
They never have been—that is, until 
yesterday. 
Our negotiators have now concluded 
that while some investors are entitled to equal treatment under the law, oth-ers aren’t. What our negotiators have proposed sets the stage for the remain-der of this negotiation and for those deals which will be negotiated in the future, such as the agreement with Eu-rope and future agreements with Afri-can nations. 
Our trade agreements are now appar-
ently nothing more than laboratories for setting partisan policies and pick-ing winners and losers. If we condone this kind of behavior, how can we be assured it will ever end? 
As I stated in July, once we allow an 
entire sector to be treated unfairly, the question is, who is next? Is it the beef industry in Nebraska? Is it the pork in-dustry in States such as Iowa and North Carolina? Is it the poultry indus-try in Delaware, North Carolina, Ar-kansas, and Georgia? 
We need not look far to find pro-
tracted, heated policy debates about any number of issues that affect trade—the consumption of coal, energy exploration practices, the use of pes-ticides, the use of biotechnology. The right place for those debates is in bod-ies like this one, not in trade agree-ments. The wrong place is what is going on right now with our trade ne-gotiators and the members of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
I hold a sincere belief that unfair 
treatment for one agricultural com-modity significantly heightens the risk that more unfair treatment for another commodity lurks around the corner. 
I have no choice but to use this 
forum to make two very important points and make it very clear to the negotiators as we reach the final stages of the Trans-Pacific Partnership nego-tiations. 
First, I would like to speak to proc-
ess concerns. A failure to abide by the process and the terms governing the process as established by the TPA is unacceptable. When I state that I have no choice but to use the Senate floor to make these points, I mean it. 
A full 8 weeks ago, I wrote to our 
Trade Ambassador cautioning him about this course of action and re-questing that he consult with me as he was statutorily obligated in the TPA to do. 
To explain to those in the Gallery, 
we passed a bill that said we wanted to provide the President with trade pro-motion authority. We wanted to em-power representatives of the United States to negotiate with trading part-ners who are in the Trans-Pacific Part-nership. We wanted to support that, over the objections of many of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle. 
We also set certain ground rules for 
being able to do that. They had to re-view with Congress some of the pro-
posed items of the agreement that may be the most contentious about intellec-tual property, about the carve-out. But to date I have had absolutely no addi-tional communication from the Am-bassador or his designees. In other words, it has been lights out. 
In fact, I would ask any Member of 
the Senate whether they honestly know what currently is in the TPP agreement that is being, in my mind, pushed forward and pushed to a point where we will just have a simple up-or- down vote. I think this abuse of the process is in violation of the letter and the spirit of the TPA. 
The last time anybody spoke to me 
regarding this particular provision that has to do with the carve-out, I was told it is something our partners were insisting on. The actions of the last 24 hours—namely, that the United States actually tabled the language in ques-tion—really raises serious doubts about that assertion. 
Second, I want to speak to the grow-
ing view that the TPP is not being ne-gotiated in accordance with the sub-stance of the TPA. The failure to abide by the substance of the provisions of TPA puts the privileged status of the proposed treaty at risk, and it is some-thing I am going to spend a lot of time focusing on. 
I would remind this body that we 
have already, in a bipartisan fashion, disavowed language that treats some products differently. In the TPA, Con-gress said that opportunities for U.S. agriculture exports must be ‘‘substan-tially equivalent to opportunities af-forded foreign exports in U.S. mar-kets.’’ Congress has stated that dispute settlement mechanisms must be avail-able across the board, not selectively. 
I voted to give the President trade 
promotion authority to allow trade agreements such as the TPP to move through Congress in a quick, orderly, and responsible fashion. Congress granted the President trade promotion authority with the mutual under-standing that his administration would negotiate deals in good faith. I did not vote to give the President and the ad-ministration the freedom to indis-criminately choose when fairness should be applied and when it should be ignored. 
If the President chooses to arbi-
trarily ignore TPA provisions he doesn’t like, then Congress is not obliged to honor the fast-track status. If any carve-out is ultimately included in the TPP, I will work hard to defeat it. 
I might add that our own majority 
leader has expressed concerns over this and has expressed the same sentiment to the trade negotiation team. 
In closing, I wish to offer this to any-
one who believes my sticking up for to-bacco or this particular provision or for equal treatment and American val-ues is shortsighted: I want you to know that I would do it for beef in Nebraska, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.031 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7070 October 1, 2015 
for pork in Iowa, for poultry in Dela-
ware, for any farmer who is being un-fairly carved out as a result of the ad-ministration’s desire to put provisions in a trade agreement that simply shouldn’t be there, and which have not been there historically. 
So to the Members of the Senate and 
to the American people and the farm-ers out there, I want you to know I am going to continue this fight. I am going to continue this fight not because it satisfies a home constituency, but be-cause I intend to protect the free trade ideals that have made the United States the most desirable trading part-ner in the world. 
Thank you, Madam President. I also 
want you to know that I think there is a growing sense of concern—whether it is Senator H
ATCH , Senator M CCONNELL , 
or a number of other Senators—that regardless of how they feel about this particular issue with tobacco, the pro-vision in such a trade agreement is un-acceptable. I hope our trade nego-tiators recognize that we are focusing a lot of attention on this, and they risk putting together a good trade agree-ment that we would all like to get be-hind as a result. 
Thank you, Madam President. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). The Senator from New Hamp-
shire. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 2101 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, for 50 
years the Land and Water Conservation Fund has done amazing work pro-tecting our land, waterways, forests, State parks, and critical wildlife habi-tats. This is particularly true in New Hampshire, where since 1965 LWCF has funded more than 650 individual projects. Just this month, New Hamp-shire received eight new LWCF grants, which will allow New Hampshire com-munities to develop outdoor recreation facilities in Dover, which is close to where I live, to renovate Osgood Pond in Milford, and to do so many other projects. 
In the last couple of months, I actu-
ally had a chance to go around New Hampshire and visit so many of these projects that were done because of LWCF grants. One of the things that really struck me about them is that they are not for big projects, although some have been used toward doing that. The Silvio Conte National Wild-life Preserve that crosses Vermont and New Hampshire is one of those that have been preserved, with the help of Judd Gregg, a former Republican Sen-ator from New Hampshire. LWCF helped to preserve that. 
So many of these grants have been 
used for small projects and commu-nities, such as Meredith in the Lakes Region of New Hampshire on Lake Winnipesaukee, where I visited. They have been able to expand the park along the lake so that people not only from Meredith but from across the State and other parts of the country when they are visiting can come and sit and enjoy the water. With those projects, they have been able to put in 
new docks so that people can get out on the lake on boats and enjoy the water. Without LWCF, those projects would not have been possible. It gets people out into the outdoors who oth-erwise wouldn’t be able to do that. 
Federal and State LWCF funds are 
also vital to the outdoor recreation in-dustry in New Hampshire. That is one of our biggest industries. It accounts for $4.2 billion in consumer spending, $1.2 billion in wages and salaries, and nearly 50,000 jobs. The importance of these projects and the conservation ef-forts that are the result of LWCF to the tourism sector of our economy and to our outdoor industry cannot be over-stated. 
There has been bipartisan support for 
LWCF since its inception back in the 1960s. There is a bill which Senator B
URRhas introduced and which I am a 
cosponsor of that would extend LWCF for 60 days. Unfortunately, last night LWCF expired. Its authorization ended as of September 30. 
The effort to reauthorize the pro-
gram, to invoke Senator B
URR’s bipar-
tisan legislation, was defeated. When they objected to a simple short-term extension of LWCF, our Republican friends indicated it was because they believed most LWCF funding goes to Federal land acquisition. Well, I would like the R
ECORD to reflect that is just 
not the case. I have seen it firsthand in New Hampshire in the projects I talked about. I would bet the Presiding Officer has seen in North Carolina the support LWCF has provided. In fact, during the last 10 years, LWCF funds have been split about 50–50 between Federal agen-cies and States. In New Hampshire, what these Federal grants do is to le-verage State support and private sup-port and local support. 
Moreover, most Federal lands that 
are acquired with LWCF funds are within the existing boundaries of Fed-eral parks, refuges, forests, and other recreation areas. Consolidating these lands helps to reduce Federal mainte-nance and management costs, saves taxpayer dollars, and enhances the ex-perience visitors have to these areas. For example, in 2014, 39 of 40 LWCF na-tional forest acquisitions expanded ac-cess to property already managed by the Federal Government that had been previously closed to the public. This is not about keeping the public off these lands, this is about helping to ensure that members of the public can get on these lands and benefit from them and enjoy them. 
This Senator is very disappointed 
that we have seen a few people block-ing the extension of this program in a way that affects every single State in this country. Our failure to act has sig-nificant consequences for each and every State. 
The expiration of this program jeop-
ardizes access to public land for hunt-ing and fishing, which is one of the great benefits we have in New Hamp-shire that we use these lands for. It prohibits access to other outdoor ac-
tivities that are important and unique to our American heritage. This is going to adversely impact our Nation’s out-door, recreation, conservation, and preservation economy. In New Hamp-shire, our whole outdoor industry is af-fected. That outdoor industry contrib-utes over $1 trillion to our Nation each year, and it supports millions of Amer-ican jobs. 
I think it is critical that we pass a 
short-term extension to keep this pro-gram operating, but ultimately what we need to do is to pass a bill that per-manently reauthorizes and fully funds LWCF—something a bipartisan major-ity of this body supports doing. I am going to continue working to pass a permanent authorization. I know that Senator B
URR; my colleague from New 
Hampshire, Senator A YOTTE ; and other 
people who are on this bill feel the same way. 
In the meantime, we should not allow 
LWCF to lapse any longer. So this Sen-ator is going to renew a unanimous consent request that was made last night by my colleague from New Mex-ico, Senator H
EINRICH , to pass a 60-day 
extension. 
I recognize that this request is going 
to be objected to by Senator L ANKFORD , 
whom I see on the floor, but I just want to remind us all that less than 2 weeks ago, 53 Senators wrote the Senate ma-jority leader urging action to reauthor-ize LWCF. To the 12 Republican Sen-ators who signed that letter, I say this: I hope you will work with us to correct the misconceptions and the mischaracterizations that exist about this program. Let’s work together so we can allow this short-term extension to pass. Let’s work together to get a long-term reauthorization for the Land and Water Conservation Fund because LWCF has expanded outdoor opportuni-ties in every single State in the coun-try. 
We should come together to support 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund, to protect one of America’s most essential tools for conservation and economic growth. 
With that, Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Energy and Natural Resources Committee be dis-charged from and the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 2101; and I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, re-
serving the right to object, I do object to this bill moving forward by unani-mous consent today. The issue is that this bill needs reform. I enjoy our na-tional parks. My children enjoy our na-tional parks. 
Twenty-nine percent of the United 
States is already under Federal owner-ship. Twenty-nine percent of all of the United States is under Federal owner-ship. A significant portion of this—in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.032 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7071 October 1, 2015 
fact, last year $306 million was spent 
from the LWCF, and $178 million of that was for new land acquisition. 
So the bulk of what this program is 
used for is for new land acquisition. But the real issue to address here is not only what happens if we allow it to lapse but what happens with it day to day. The day-to-day operation of the LWCF is for new land acquisition or for putting money into a State grant to be able to have them buy new facilities, not to maintain them. 
We are not setting aside the money 
to be able to maintain this. We have an $11.5 billion deferred maintenance backlog at our national parks right now. The new additional dollars that are used for land acquisition are used to be able to pick up new properties and not to be able to maintain what we currently have. So the challenge that I have is this: Why don’t we look at this fund in a new way? Why can’t we take care of what we already have and not just focus on acquiring new properties? 
To leave the LWCF as it currently is 
would be something akin to saying: I want to buy a new car, but I don’t want to set aside money to actually put gas in it. I just want to have the new car. 
Well, if we are going to have that 
property, we better take care of it. Currently, the Federal Government is a terrible steward of the land we have. Now, as far as this program and reau-thorizing it right now, we checked with the Congressional Research Service. If this program is not reauthorized cur-rently, the program continues. The program currently has $20 billion in re-serves right now—$20 billion. 
Last year, $306 million was spent. 
The year before, $306 million was spent in LWCF, meaning in current status, right now, if we do not put a single dime into LWCF for the next few years, we will only have 65 years of reserve left in this program. It is not a crisis that we need to fix immediately. This authorization does not keep the pro-gram going. This authorization means we are not adding new money to the $20 billion already in reserve. 
I think we have at least 64 years to 
be able to work this out and a 65-year reserve. I can’t imagine it would take that long, but with the Senate, every-thing seems to take too long. What we are looking for is pretty straight-forward and simple. Let’s spend some of these dollars to be able to focus on not just buying new properties but on actually taking care of properties that the U.S. Government has the responsi-bility to actually be able to maintain. It is to reform this program in the days ahead and to make sure that we are managing land well, not just adding new land all the time. 
So with that, I do object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I 
would be all for taking the backlog of funding and putting it into LWCF. I think my colleague raises some real re-forms that could be made to LWCF. In 
fact, there is legislation in the com-prehensive energy bill that Senators M
URKOWSKI and C ANTWELL have passed 
that would make some of those re-
forms. But if we can’t get to that, if we can’t extend this program in the short term, we are never going to get to that point. 
The fact is that the backlog of main-
tenance needs should be addressed. But it does not make sense for us to sus-pend the program while we address those needs. LWCF was not established for maintenance purposes. It was estab-lished to protect natural areas and to provide recreation opportunities to the American public. 
When I went to the city of Nashua, 
the second largest city in New Hamp-shire, and walked with the Republican mayor along the Riverwalk that they are trying to establish there, what I heard from her was what a critical dif-ference LWCF made to the city and being able to leverage funds that the city put in and that the State could put in to help make sure that the peo-ple of Nashua, many of whom cannot get to national parks or to the White Mountains in New Hampshire but they could get to the Riverwalk through downtown Nashua. 
Those are the kinds of projects that 
LWCF goes to help fund. Some 99 per-cent of what Federal agencies spend goes to acquire inholds, those pieces of land that are already within the bound-aries of a national park, a national for-est or a national wildlife refuge that if sold to a private developer would block public access. It would damage park re-sources. It would harm the visitor ex-perience, and it would make it harder to maintain those very projects that my colleague was talking about want-ing to maintain. 
So I think, while it sounds simple to 
say there is a backlog and we should not reauthorize this program, that is only half the story. It is very dis-appointing that with the strong bipar-tisan support this legislation has, with the need to reauthorize it to continue to protect special places in the coun-try, we are seeing opposition from a very few people in this body who are able to block our moving forward. 
NOMINATION OF GAYLE SMITH  
Mr. President, I would like to, if I 
could, move on to address a different issue, and hope we will see some coop-erative agreement at some point in the future. I also want to urge the consid-eration of the nomination of Gayle Smith to serve as the Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, also known as USAID. I am here with my colleague Senator C
OONS from the Foreign Rela-
tions Committee to talk about this nominee because this is a non-controversial nominee, a seasoned pub-lic servant for a position that should be above partisanship. 
So it is really disappointing that, 
again, there is only one person in this body who is holding this up. This comes at a particularly difficult time 
because we are witnessing a humani-tarian crisis in Syria and across the Middle East. It is a crisis that grows worse every day. Our European allies are struggling to cope with a massive refugee and migration crisis without precedent since World War II. 
The United States, with our unparal-
leled capacity to mobilize humani-tarian support for humanitarian relief, has played a leading role, but there is more that we can do to assist both the Syrian refugees and the neighboring countries that are hosting them to help with that humanitarian crisis. But our ability to respond effectively to these challenges is hampered by the inability of the Senate to vote on Gayle Smith’s nomination to lead USAID. 
So, again, nearly 4 months have 
passed since she appeared before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. The committee approved her nomina-tion by a voice vote in July. But since then, there has been no attempt to bring her nomination to the Senate floor, even as these humanitarian cri-ses have deepened and deteriorated. It is not only our operations in the Mid-dle East that are being hampered, USAID currently operates in more than 60 countries and regional missions around the world. 
Following the devastating earth-
quake in Nepal in April, USAID dis-aster response teams were among the first crisis personnel to deploy there to organize the humanitarian response. USAID personnel continue to support our development efforts in Afghani-stan. Those efforts are critical to the long-term success in the country. Given the extraordinary humanitarian crises confronting the United States, confronting our allies in the world, we really need a leader in place at USAID. It is unconscionable that here we are 4 months later and she is still being stalled. 
Gayle Smith is a superbly qualified 
nominee who will almost certainly be confirmed by an overwhelming bipar-tisan vote. The Senate deserves the chance to vote on this critical nomina-tion. So, again, I urge the majority leader to bring her nomination to the floor. We discussed it again today in the Foreign Relations Committee. I know my colleague from Delaware can speak also to what we heard in the For-eign Relations Committee. 
So I would yield to my colleague 
from Delaware to discuss what we have heard in the Foreign Relations Com-mittee about Gayle Smith and the need to put her in place as leader of USAID. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, confirma-
tion and expiration are issues before us today. As we have heard from the Member from New Hampshire, the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee, on which we both serve, months ago con-sidered the nomination of Gayle Smith to be the next Administrator of USAID. Today, 60 million people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.034 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7072 October 1, 2015 
around the world are displaced, either 
within their countries or as refugees spreading throughout the world. 
It is the single greatest refugee crisis 
since the end of the Second World War. Gayle Smith came before our com-mittee and received commendations and plaudits from Republicans and Democrats for her long experience as a journalist, as a leader in humanitarian agencies, as a member of the National Security Council, as a cofounder of the Modernizing Foreign Assistance Net-work, and as a seasoned and senior leader who can help bring strong lead-ership to USAID at this difficult and important time. 
Four months later, she has yet to be 
confirmed by this body. We have broad bipartisan support for this nominee yet fail to move her forward due to a hold by one Member. I think this points to a longer challenge that this body faces because you also heard from the Sen-ator from New Hampshire of an at-tempt to move forward the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which yes-terday expired. 
BULLETPROOF VEST PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM  
AND CHILD ADVOCACY CENTERS  
Mr. President, I cannot yield without 
commenting on how hard I worked in the previous Congress to get reauthor-ized two critical programs, a bullet-proof vest partnership program that for years provided tens of millions of dol-lars to State and local law enforcement for lifesaving bulletproof vests, and a reauthorization effort I led for years— both of these with bipartisan support— to restore authorization to child advo-cacy centers—centers that critically support families who have been harmed by child abuse and allow local law en-forcement to pursue effective prosecu-tions. 
It is unconscionable that this body 
yesterday, September 30, allowed the Land and Water Conservation Fund to expire, allowed a whole range of child nutrition and school lunch authorizing programs to expire, and allowed the James Zadroga 9/11 first responders act to expire. One of the very first bills I cosponsored and was proud to support as a new Senator 5 years ago was the James Zadroga 9/11 first responders act, which provides support for those who raced to the site of the 9/11 catas-trophe, risked their lives, and today suffer lasting health effects from it. 
The idea that this body allowed that 
funding to expire yesterday and that many of the folks who are the bene-ficiaries of that fund now face the ex-tinction of their medical support is un-acceptable to me. So before I yield the floor, I simply wanted to commend my colleague for raising the issue of Gayle Smith’s nomination at this unique time of global humanitarian chal-lenges. 
USAID cannot effectively do its job 
without a confirmed leader. I remind everybody in this body that when we fail to work together, when bills ex-pire, it has real consequences, not just for humanitarian issues overseas but for our own first responders who we are 
pledged to support. I say it is a shame on this body that we allowed the 9/11 James Zadroga first responders act to expire, that we allowed the authorizing statutes for the summer lunch and school lunch programs to expire, and that we have allowed the Land and Water Conservation Fund to expire. 
It is my hope that we will begin to 
work together in this place and to stop allowing nominations to rest for months and to stop allowing the expi-ration of valuable statutes that under-lie our security at home and abroad. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 5 minutes, after which point I will be fol-lowed by the Senator from Montana. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
RUSSIA  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, 3 years 
ago when President Obama’s opponent said that Russia was our chief geo-political rival, President Obama chuck-led and said: ‘‘The 1980s called and they want their foreign policy back.’’ 
Well, now the 1930s are calling Presi-
dent Obama, and they want their for-eign policy back. Yesterday was the anniversary of Munich. How fitting that Russia conducted its first major military operations outside of its near abroad since the end of the Cold War on that anniversary in Syria yesterday, because the President’s foreign policy has invited exactly this kind of provo-cation all around the world. President Obama and Secretary Kerry keep say-ing that they don’t know what Russian intentions are, that they don’t know Russia’s goals are in the region. 
It is very simple. So let me lay it out 
clearly. Russia is an enemy. Vladimir Putin is a KGB spy who views the world as a zero-sum game. In the short term, he intends to prop up his tyran-nical ally Bashar al-Assad, and he wants to preserve access to his expedi-tionary military bases outside of his country. 
In the medium term, he wants to ei-
ther preserve Assad or he wants to re-place him with a like-minded ally. He wants to diminish the power and pres-tige of the United States in the region. He wants to establish Russia as the main Middle East power broker, and he wants to divert attention from his con-tinued occupation of Ukraine. 
In the long term, he sees an oppor-
tunity to divide EU and divide NATO at lower risk than it would take to conduct military operations such as Estonia or Latvia. If Europeans are going to be divided because of a refugee crisis of a few hundred thousand, imag-ine what could happen when Vladimir Putin turns up the heat in Syria and drives hundreds of thousands or more of those refugees into Europe. 
How has this come to pass? Why 
would he think he could get away with all of this? Because of the unending se-ries of concessions and appeasement of 
Barack Obama toward Vladimir Putin. Before he was even elected to office in 2008, when Vladimir Putin invaded Georgia, Barack Obama—then a can-didate—called for Georgia to exercise restraint while they were under an in-vasion. 
Just a couple of months later, he 
called for a reset in relations while there were still Russian troops on Georgian soil. A few months after that, he withdrew missile defense systems from the Czech Republic and Poland— on the 70th anniversary of Russia’s in-vasion of Poland—without so much as a heads-up and without getting any-thing in return. 
He entered into the New START 
treaty, which allows Russia to con-tinue to grow their nuclear forces or requires the United States to reduce ours. In a ‘‘hot mic’’ moment, he was caught with Dmitry Medvedev, prom-ising more flexibility toward Russia after the election of 2012. He fought tooth and nail against the Magnitsky human rights act, only accepting it once he realized it had overwhelming bipartisan support in Congress. He con-tinues to look the other way as Russia violates the Intermediate-Range Nu-clear Forces Treaty. He jumped at the opportunity that Vladimir Putin pro-vided him in 2013 to avoid carrying out his airstrikes in Syria and to enforce his own red line. 
Just as in Georgia, when Vladimir 
Putin invaded Crimea, he demanded re-straint from the government of Ukraine. When Vladimir Putin began to conduct operations in eastern Ukraine, he looked the other way, he imposed weak sanctions. To this day, he refuses to arm them in the ways they are desperately calling for. 
So what should we do now? Again, I 
think it is very simple. Let me lay it out. We should make it clear that Vladimir Putin and Russia will not be a power in the Middle East. We should pressure our partners to do the same thing. We should establish no-fly zones in Syria and make it clear that any aircraft that enters those zones will be shot down. We should make it clear that we will fly where we want and when we want, that any aircraft in Syria—or, for that matter, in the vicin-ity of a NATO country—that turns on the transponder will be shot down as a menace to civil aviation and to our al-lies. We should ramp up our airstrikes in Syria against our enemies such as the Islamic State. We should threaten Iran with termination of the nuclear deal because they are continuing to provide support for Bashar al-Assad. We should make it clear that Israel re-tains the right to interdict missile shipments from Iran through Syria to the terrorist group Hezbollah. 
Let’s not forget about Ukraine and 
Europe. We should arm Ukranian forces. We should give them the intel-ligence they need on Russian forces and rebels who are amassing on their border. We should enhance sanctions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.035 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7073 October 1, 2015 
by expanding them across all sectors. 
We should move troops to base them— at least temporarily, if not perma-nently—on our eastern NATO flank in places such as Estonia and Latvia. 
Some say these responses will be pro-
vocative, but where will Putin’s provo-cations end? What is really provocative is American weakness. 
Putin is humiliating the United 
States. If we don’t draw a line now and enforce it, it will not be a choice be-tween humiliation or war; it will be a choice between humiliation and war. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND  
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I do 
wish to go back to the comments of the good Senator from New Hampshire on the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and I want to associate myself with those remarks. 
I also wish to add for the record that 
there is a fair amount of this money that is spent for land acquisition from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. That is not a bad thing. Get some of the in-holdings out of being in- holdings. It helps with management, and it helps with management costs. 
I will tell you, if you are a fisherman 
or a hunter in this country, access and habitat is a huge issue, and the Land and Water Conservation Fund is all about access for hunters, fishermen, bike riders, birdwatchers, and all those folks, and habitat for big game and fisheries. 
For this fund to expire for the first 
time ever is a travesty. You are right. We spent $306 million on it the last 2 years; we were supposed to have spent $900 million in this fund, and that is why there is the reserve there is. Quite frankly, if you take a look at the United States, you take a look at the in-holdings, and you take a look at the recreational opportunities out there— $306 million isn’t enough. Yet this fund has expired and is not authorized. 
In Montana alone, just for the record, 
recreational opportunities add $6 bil-lion, with a ‘‘b,’’ to our economy. We are a State of 1 million people—$6 bil-lion to our economy. It employs over 64,000 people, and that doesn’t count the businesses that moved to Montana for the recreational opportunities nor the people who come to work for those businesses for the recreational oppor-tunities. I just wanted to get that into the R
ECORD . 
Mr. President, I wish to talk about 
the bill under consideration, the Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill, and I express my opposition to that bill. 
Why? We just heard a presentation 
on the floor a minute ago from the Senator who talked about shooting down planes and potentially going to war. The amount that it costs to take care of our veterans is a cost of war, and we are underfunding the VA today by over $800 million. I express my deep disappointment in the majority’s in-ability to recognize the true cost of 
sending this Nation, young men and women, into harm’s way. 
Veterans Day is 6 weeks from now. 
Many of the folks in this Chamber will go back to their home States where they will be attending ceremonies and taking photos of men and women who are in uniform. We will give speeches and talk about our profound gratitude to the veterans and their families who have sacrificed so much for their coun-try. 
In the meantime, you will see a flur-
ry of press statements from Senators, oftentimes patting themselves on their backs for extending benefits to vet-erans or enhancing the quality and timeliness of their care, or you will hear Senators and Congressmen la-menting on the lack of leadership with-in the VA and taking the VA to task for not performing up to their expecta-tions. But there is one thing many of those Members of Congress will not do, and that is give the VA the resources it needs to serve the men and women who have served this country and the mili-tary. 
Right now, the VA is under greater 
demand for services and subject to a higher degree of accountability than any other time in this Department’s history. After a decade of war in the Middle East, that demand should be ex-pected to be high. After recent allega-tions of mismanagement and wrong-doing, that accountability is abso-lutely warranted, but the standard we are holding the VA to should be the standard we hold ourselves to. 
Is Congress doing the very best that 
it can do to ensure our Nation’s vet-erans can access the health care and the benefits they have earned? Given the appropriations bill before us, the answer to that question is: No, we are not. 
Our job is to make sure the VA is 
working for all veterans and to make sure it can work for all veterans. That means holding the VA accountable and ensuring it operates in full trans-parency, but that also means the VA has to have the capacity to meet the current needs of the demand for its services and to meet those demands into the future. 
It requires rigorous oversight. To-
day’s President understands that. There is no doubt about that, but it also requires giving the VA the tools and the resources it needs to get the job done. 
Let’s be clear. I believe this bill sets 
the VA up for failure. There are folks on the other side who are demanding that the VA fix itself, but in order to fix itself, we have to give it the tools it needs to do that. We are refusing to do that in this bill. We are setting up the VA for failure, and that failure will re-sult in failing our veterans. 
If this bill is enacted, it could mean 
that 68,500 fewer veterans are receiving the VA medical care they need, includ-ing veterans such as a constituent of mine from Reed Point, MT. This man had an eye exam in early February and 
received a prescription for a new pair of glasses. He was told he would receive them in 4 to 6 weeks, but due to a large backlog, he did not receive them until July. It took 5 months to get this man glasses. 
How are we going to improve the 
quality of care for veterans if the VA budget isn’t where it needs to be? 
Take the story of Perry, who is 67 
years old. He has a 100-percent service disability due to Agent Orange expo-sure in Vietnam. He relies on the VA for lifesaving cancer treatment. With-out chemotherapy and specialty care, Perry’s prognosis is not good. To make matters worse, the VA can approve only six appointments at a time, which is a real challenge for Perry because he is receiving treatment 5 days a week. So every week he has to fill out an-other round of paperwork to qualify for medical care. 
These are real folks who served their 
county. They are veterans who have real issues with the VA today at cur-rent funding levels. 
Do we think these problems are going 
to be easier to solve if we give them an underfunded budget? They won’t be. 
Over the last 14 years, we fought 2 
wars in the Middle East. Almost 10,000 Americans are still involved in a fight in Afghanistan at this very moment. For them, this war is far from over, and for many people in this Chamber— some who led us into the war in Iraq— they refuse to admit these are also the true costs of war, taking care of our veterans. 
When we send young men and women 
over there and we put these wars on America’s credit card as we did—fi-nanced by China, Japan, and others— we do not bother to factor in what it would cost to meet their health care and educational requirements when they come back home. Honoring our commitment to veterans is a cost of war and one that we should never for-get about. Those who came home are now suffering from physical wounds but also wounds we cannot see. As I said yesterday, at least 22 veterans are taking their own lives every single day, and $1 billion less won’t help the VA get these men and women back on their feet and give them the mental health care that they need. 
The VA also faces unprecedented de-
mand for new treatments of diseases such as hepatitis C, which are shorter in duration, with fewer side effects, and that have cure rates—and this is very good news—approaching 100 percent, but they cost money. As Vietnam vet-erans reach retirement age, that means that nearly half of this Nation’s vet-eran population will be 65 years of age or older. They are entitled to their VA care. After all, they have earned it, and they are going to need more and more of that care in the years ahead. 
My home State of Montana has the 
second highest per capita veterans pop-ulation in this country. It is a rural State where distance poses a major ob-stacle to care. The Choice Act that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.043 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7074 October 1, 2015 
passed and enacted last year was de-
signed to address many of those obsta-cles that rural veterans face. 
The VA is also working to establish 
residency programs in rural States to encourage rural medical providers to locate in those rural States. We need to build off of these efforts and work to ensure they are carried out as we in-tended and as the veterans deserve. 
Will cutting pay for VA providers 
help bring more medical professionals to Montana or Alaska or Oklahoma or North Carolina? The answer is no. 
I go home nearly every weekend, and 
when I travel around the State, I talk to veterans. They tell me that getting in the door of that VA can be very frus-trating. Shortchanging the VA’s med-ical facilities doesn’t solve that prob-lem. Not allowing the VA to hire more doctors and nurses doesn’t solve that problem. 
So today we need to fix this bill be-
cause the folks who sacrificed so much for this country deserve nothing less. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I yield 
back all time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, all time is yielded back. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays 
before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to calendar No. 98, H.R. 2029, an act making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, Orrin G. Hatch, Thom 
Tillis, Tom Cotton, James Lankford, Shelley Moore Capito, Deb Fischer, Thad Cochran, John Barrasso, John Cornyn, Richard C. Shelby, Cory Gard-ner, Richard Burr, Jerry Moran, Jeff Flake, Steve Daines. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 2029, an act making ap-propriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Arizona (Mr. M CCAIN), 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), 
and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HOEVEN ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, 
nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 273 Leg.] 
YEAS—50 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker 
NAYS—44 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp 
Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—6 
Boxer 
Cruz Graham 
McCain Rubio 
Vitter 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 44. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The Senator from Georgia. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and related agen-cies appropriations bill. I am very en-couraged that has finally come before the U.S. Senate. I also wish to remind my colleagues that the Senate Appro-priations Committee has put forward 12 appropriations bills that reflect the priorities of the American people and the budget we passed in April. 
Let me remind my colleagues that 
budget took $7 trillion out of the Presi-dent’s proposed budget over the next 10 years. Yet here we are today, in Octo-ber, facing the reality that since April we have not been able to debate on this floor those 12 appropriations bills. You have heard all year that we need to get back to regular order, and that means the Senate needs to bring up and de-bate each of these 12 bills individually. However, due to Democratic obstruc-
tionism, the Federal Government is op-erating under a short-term funding measure, and the Senate has not been able to debate any of these 12 funding bills. 
It is time for the political posturing 
to stop. People back home don’t under-stand. I don’t either. Senate Democrats are again acting as a roadblock in pre-venting progress. The American people sent us to govern responsibly, and it is 
time for Senate Democrats to start liv-ing up to this expectation, particularly when it comes to funding our govern-ment. 
In this vote today, Senate Democrats 
are blocking us from moving forward with a bill to fund military construc-tion projects that help our troops and support key veterans programs, many of which need reform after being plagued by backlogs and scandals for years. 
We must make good on our Nation’s 
promise to our veterans and provide our troops with the facilities they need to work, train, and fulfill the mission of the U.S. Armed Forces. Senate Democrats just voted against improve-ments to the VA electronic health records system so that veterans’ records are safely and seamlessly accessed among agencies and the pri-vate sector. They just voted against in-creased transparency for the VA dis-ability claims system to reduce the backlog for those veterans who need help the most. They just voted against much needed oversight of VA construc-tion projects, like the VA hospital in Denver, CO, that is over $1 billion over budget. Additionally, they just voted against construction of the second mis-sile defense site in Poland, a project that is an important deterrent against Russian aggression in Eastern Europe and had been previously scrapped by President Obama. 
Our Nation is currently dealing with 
a global security crisis. We must take recent Russian aggressions and the rise of great power traditional rivals very seriously. Yesterday Russia launched airstrikes in Syria to prop up President Bashar Al Assad in a strategy Defense Secretary Ash Carter described as counterproductive and equated to ‘‘pouring gasoline on the fire.’’ Clearly, we must make sure our troops have the resources they need to protect our country. Because of that, I am shocked that my colleagues across the aisle today just voted to delay construction for our military facilities—facilities our troops depend on to train for cur-rent conflicts and to prepare for what-ever the future holds. 
Most appalling of all, Senate Demo-
crats voted today to block this bill even after we learned that tens of thou-sands of our veterans have died while waiting for care they need and deserve. This is unconscionable, and the brinksmanship we are seeing from Sen-ate Democrats across the aisle is to-tally unacceptable. 
Our veterans sacrificed so much for 
our freedom, and our service men and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.044 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7075 October 1, 2015 
women are currently putting their 
lives in jeopardy every day for us and our families. We cannot fail them. This bipartisan Federal funding bill does a lot of important things for our Nation, but most importantly it supports our American heroes. Like most of my col-leagues, I have traveled this year and met with our fighting women and men on frontlines. The very best of Ameri-cans are in uniform today, and they de-serve our full support. 
Today I call on my colleagues across 
the aisle to stop blocking these impor-tant bills. Let’s get them on the floor and negotiate—compromise if we have to but get to a conclusion where we can fund the men and women defending our freedom. We now have 72 days to return to regular order and debate these im-portant appropriations bills so the pri-orities of our veterans, our military, and the American people can once and for all be restored. I sincerely hope that all the colleagues in this body will not disappoint the American people yet again. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016—CONFERENCE REPORT 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask the Chair to lay before the Senate the conference report to accompany H.R. 1735. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The re-
port will be stated by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1735), to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, having met, have agreed that the House recede from its disagreement to the amendment of the Senate and agree to the same with an amendment and the Senate agree to the same, signed by a majority of the conferees on the part of both Houses. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the conference report. 
(The conference report is printed in 
the House proceedings of the R ECORD of 
September 29, 2015.) 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
John McCain, Bob Corker, John Hoeven, 
Ron Johnson, Dan Sullivan, Steve Daines, Richard Burr, Joni Ernst, Deb Fischer, Tim Scott, Orrin G. Hatch, Shelley Moore Capito, Mike Crapo, Tom Cotton, Cory Gardner, Kelly Ayotte, Mitch McConnell. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SHOOTING AT UMPQUA COMMUNITY COLLEGE  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, before I 
proceed to the consideration of a col-loquy with my colleague from Wis-consin, I just wanted to take a mo-ment. My colleague from Wisconsin brought to my attention that there are news reports that have just come out of a tragic mass shooting at a commu-nity college in Oregon. I believe it is called Umpqua Community College. 
I just wanted to ask all who might be 
watching or are with us in the Cham-ber to keep in your thoughts and pray-ers the families of the victims, which number somewhere around 10, and of the wounded, somewhere around 20, and to also keep the first responders and students and faculty and our col-leagues who represent the State of Or-egon and all who have been affected by this tragedy in Oregon in your thoughts and prayers. It is just now being reported. 
I appreciate the forbearance of my 
colleague and the Chair and the other Members present for my taking a mo-ment just to bring that to everyone’s attention. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that I might enter into a colloquy with my colleague from Wisconsin. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL MANUFACTURING DAY  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to join my colleagues in marking National Manufacturing Day, which will be celebrated across the country tomorrow. 
The simple fact is that manufac-
turing has been and continues to be a vital part of our economy. But coming from the State of Delaware, I know firsthand the challenges manufacturing has faced in the 20th century and the challenges it continues to face today. 
Almost every day I ride the Amtrak 
train from Wilmington, DE, to Wash-ington, DC, and as I look out the win-
dow as we pass through the city of Newark, DE, I see the site of the old Chrysler assembly plant. Each time I see it, I think about what it was like going to the plant gates and visiting with friends and family and the thou-sands of men and women who worked shifts for decades at this tremendous 
automobile manufacturing plant that made the Durango and, for decades be-fore that, other models. 
Every time I see that site, which has 
now been leveled and is now being re-built, I am reminded that for decades there were men and women there who had one thing in common—good-pay-ing, steady, high-quality manufac-turing jobs. Chrysler, General Motors, and other manufacturers, which used to be at the center of my State’s econ-omy, each employing thousands of Delawareans, are today gone, and many families and many of our com-munities still feel the impact of those losses. But for the thousands of Dela-wareans who grew up with friends and family working every day at GM, Chrysler, the steel mill, the Avon plant or other now-gone manufacturing sites across our State, it is easy to be skep-tical about the prospects for a revival of American manufacturing. 
I am here today with my colleague 
from the State of Wisconsin to tell our fellow Americans that despite those harsh realities, there are real reasons for hope. Manufacturing still supports 25,000 jobs in my State. Since 2010, our economy, the growing American manu-facturing sector, has created 870,000 new jobs. As production costs have gone up in our competitors—countries such as China—and as the key input cost of energy has steadily come down, businesses have seen over the last dec-ade that more reliable financial, legal, and engineering structures and re-sources, and cheaper energy here in the United States have made American manufacturing more competitive than it has been in decades. 
Just as important as the number of 
jobs created in the manufacturing sec-tor is the quality and compensation for those jobs. American manufacturing is also responsible today for three-quar-ters of all private sector research and development, just illustrating once again how innovative this sector has always been. To stay ahead and to thrive in the modern-world economy, manufacturing has to be on the cutting edge. 
While American manufacturing is re-
surgent today, there is much more we can do together to build on this mo-mentum. That is why Senator B
ALDWIN  
and I are leading a campaign called Manufacturing Jobs for America, to focus on four key areas where we to-gether can strengthen American manu-facturing—first by investing in Amer-ica’s workforce; second, by expanding access to capital; third, by opening up markets abroad; and fourth, by cre-ating the conditions necessary for growth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.048 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7076 October 1, 2015 
In the last Congress, the Manufac-
turing Jobs for America Initiative brought together 27 Senators to intro-duce 36 different manufacturing bills, half of which were bipartisan. Provi-sions from eight of those bills are now law, including our bill to create a na-tional manufacturing strategy that will, for the first time, lay out a proactive, comprehensive long-term policy for investing and strengthening American manufacturing, something that all of our major competitors have long had. 
The administration has also come 
forward with strong ideas and initia-tives from their investment in nine new manufacturing hubs, innovation institutes around the country, to new Department of Labor jobs skills pro-grams that would strengthen appren-ticeships and job training. It is our hope that Manufacturing Jobs for America can continue to play an im-portant role in investing and scaling up these ideas so they have national im-pact. 
We are optimistic that we can con-
tinue together to build on the progress we made and pass more of these bills in this Congress. Already, for example, the Career Ready Act has passed the Senate and is waiting to be taken up by the House. This bill would help pre-pare students for advanced manufac-turing jobs by strengthening school counseling programs and educator pro-fessional development. Another impor-tant bill is the Innovators Job Creation Act, which recently passed the Senate Finance Committee, and if passed into law, would help small manufacturers to invest in and scale up their R&D. 
Still, as we know all too well, passing 
legislation is never easy, and it could take months or even years to get these commonsense bipartisan bills passed into law. But there is something Con-gress can do right now to help support our manufacturing sector. 
Just last week I stood on this floor 
and urged my colleagues to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank that was al-lowed to expire earlier this year. The Ex-Im Bank has helped American com-panies, many of them manufacturers, to sell their goods around the world for more than 80 years, supporting 150,000 American jobs in just this past year. Each day we fail to reauthorize this critical tool for American manufactur-ers who are exporters, we put more and more American jobs at risk. 
Manufacturers, such as Boeing and 
GE, are already moving good American jobs overseas. GE’s announcement that it is moving 350 jobs from Wisconsin to Canada is a stark example of this new reality, and the reason is simple. GE, and similar companies, can’t risk stay-ing in a country that doesn’t have a re-liable export credit agency, a tool all of our competitors provide, often with much more robust resources than Ex- Im used to enjoy. Without the backing of such an agency, other countries won’t even consider accepting project bids from GE, Boeing or others. I think that is unacceptable, and it should be 
unacceptable to all of our colleagues. It is time for Congress to recognize what is at stake for our economy, our manufacturing sector, and American workers if we continue to fail to step up and reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank. 
Finally, I wish to briefly address a 
broader issue we face with American manufacturing, and that is its reputa-tion and its public relations image. 
While the changing face of manufac-
turing is a great thing, it is also a chal-lenge because too often perceptions about manufacturing are stuck in the past. I have personally heard from par-ents and guidance counselors who tell me that they are reluctant to encour-age their kids and their best students to pursue a career in manufacturing. Why? Because to them, folks from an older generation, manufacturing brings to mind dirty factory floors, dangerous work environments, and lower wages. Understandably, they don’t see these as the viable, promising career paths that today’s advanced manufacturing truly offers. 
Their worries don’t match up with 
today’s reality, where manufacturing jobs require higher skills than ever be-fore, from hard math and engineering skills to the ability to think critically and work as part of a team. Most mod-ern manufacturing jobs require a 2- year college degree, and many require more. 
In my 5 years as a Senator, I have 
had the opportunity to visit dozens of manufacturers up and down my State of Delaware that are creating new high-quality, high-paying jobs, and I am certain my colleague from Wis-consin has had the same insight. 
In Delaware, one of those manufac-
turers is M. Davis, a woman-run, fam-ily owned manufacturer that has been around for over 140 years. They produce sophisticated equipment for industrial companies, such as Philips 66, Air Liquide, and DuPont. Jobs at that manufacturing plant require high- skilled workers. 
Another advanced manufacturer in 
my State is Accudyne, which is far more than a typical company. They produce products, not for average con-sumers, but they solve highly complex engineering and design problems for some of the world’s most prominent firms, from Boeing to Airbus to Rolls Royce. 
Both of these companies understand 
that the only way to remain successful is to develop a highly skilled workforce by encouraging and supporting profes-
sional development and recruiting graduates from schools such as Dela-ware Technical Community College and the University of Delaware. 
Unfortunately, it is not just public 
perception that hasn’t kept up with manufacturing’s transformation. Job training programs have also lagged be-hind in preparing people with the skills they need to succeed in the advanced manufacturing jobs of today. 
While I have more I would like to say 
on that topic, at this moment I would like to invite my colleague from the 
State of Wisconsin to add her views and comments to this important con-versation about manufacturing in America. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I 
thank my good friend from Delaware. As did he, I wish to start my remarks by taking a moment to say that my thoughts and prayers are with the com-munity of Roseburg, OR, as we heard word of yet another senseless act of gun violence. I hope all who are listen-ing join us in our thoughts and prayers. 
I rise today to join my good friend 
from Delaware and to lend my voice in calling attention to an important day in America. Tomorrow, across the country, the hard-working Americans who get up every day to move our economy forward will create a collec-tive chorus in celebration of National Manufacturing Day. 
At thousands of events in villages, 
towns, and cities throughout our Na-tion, manufacturers will open their doors Friday and show, in a coordi-nated effort, what manufacturing is today and what it isn’t. I am so proud to join this effort because by working together during and after National Manufacturing Day, we can shine a spotlight on the need for America to address workforce readiness issues, connect with future generations, and recognize the important role manufac-turing plays in creating an economy that works for everyone. 
In Wisconsin, we have a long and 
proud tradition of making things— paper, engines, tools, ships, and, yes, cheese, brauts, and beer. We possess one of the largest manufacturing sec-tors in the Nation, supporting a very significant share of our workforce and exporting products and goods all over America and, in fact, the world. Manu-facturing has long been the backbone of our ‘‘made in Wisconsin’’ economy— so much so that we actually celebrate October as Manufacturing Month in Wisconsin. In my State and across our country, manufacturing is increasingly an engine of economic growth and in-novation and a source of good-paying jobs with high wages and solid benefits. That is why I strongly believe middle- class families and small businesses and manufacturers who are working so hard to move our economy forward de-serve to have both parties in Wash-ington working together to grow our manufacturing economy and create jobs. 
I am so proud to join my colleague 
Senator C
OONS on the floor today to 
highlight National Manufacturing Day. I thank him for his leadership and his partnership on our Manufacturing Jobs for America Initiative. Our effort aims to build bipartisan support for legisla-tion that will modernize America’s manufacturing sector and help Amer-ican manufacturers grow and create jobs and assist American workers in getting the skills they need to succeed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.054 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7077 October 1, 2015 
in the next generation of manufac-
turing jobs. 
Working together, we are trying to 
do our part to get Washington to focus on manufacturing jobs. This shouldn’t be a difficult task, but unfortunately Congress has shown itself better at manufacturing one crisis after another instead of working across party lines to strengthen American manufac-turing. The fact is, governing by crisis has distracted us from the important work of moving our manufacturing economy forward. 
Before we all pat ourselves on the 
back for simply doing our job and keep-ing the government open for business, let’s address one crisis that has not been addressed. 
Two months ago the Senate did its 
job and passed a long-term transpor-tation bill with bipartisan support. That legislation sought to end this constant cycle of short-term measures. It put people to work rebuilding our roads and bridges and ports and creates jobs and will boost our economy. It is also important to manufacturers be-cause it makes an investment in a 21st- century American infrastructure that provides businesses with the quality transportation system they need to move their goods to market. 
This legislation also includes another 
measure that is vital to manufacturers and businesses in Wisconsin and across America. We reauthorized the Export- Import Bank, which is an important tool that helps us create that level playing field, bringing fairness to glob-al trade and giving American manufac-turers the resources they need to fight and win against their global competi-tion. However, after we included that in our long-term transportation and in-frastructure package in the Senate, the House adjourned for the August recess without passing that legislation to re-authorize the Export-Import Bank and has failed to take action on it for 2 full months. Just this week, Republicans on the House Financial Services Com-mittee voted in lockstep to block an amendment to reauthorize the Bank. These actions and inactions have real impacts on workers, and they are being felt by Wisconsin workers and families right now. 
GE Power & Water announced this 
week that it plans to stop manufac-turing gas engines in Waukesha, WI, and blamed the closure on the House of Representatives for not reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank. It is a stark reminder that when Congress fails to do its job, hard-working people can lose their jobs as a result. It is my hope that this reminder will be heard by Congress. It is also my hope that Na-tional Manufacturing Day will provide an opportunity for my colleagues to rally around on the need for us to come together and address the challenges we face to grow our manufacturing econ-omy. 
The Wisconsin families for whom I 
work depend on our manufacturing jobs, and I believe that if we work to give our workers a fair shot, we can 
compete against anyone. But one of the challenges we must meet is making sure our workers have the skills they need for the manufacturing jobs of the future. We are fortunate to have a very strong technical college system that is working to provide Wisconsin busi-nesses a skilled workforce so they can compete and grow. 
American manufacturing took a huge 
hit as a result of the 2008 financial col-lapse and ensuing recession, but through sheer grit and determination, we are coming back. U.S. manufac-turing added 876,000 jobs over the past 66 months. Over the past 12 months, manufacturing has added 124,000 jobs. But despite this positive trend, we need to do more. The sector needs to add 1.7 million jobs overall just to return to pre-recession levels. 
In Wisconsin, our economy isn’t 
growing as strong as we need to create true shared prosperity. In fact, it is lagging behind national growth. The manufacturing sector that sustained our economy in Wisconsin for genera-tions must move forward at a stronger pace if middle-class families are going to get ahead. 
One of the most important things we 
can do is to put a stronger focus on in-vesting in STEM programs and career and technical education. I am proud to have cofounded the Career and Tech-nical Education Caucus—otherwise known as the CTE Caucus—and worked with cochairs Senators K
AINE and 
PORTMAN to advocate for career and 
technical education. I believe CTE is one of the most effective vehicles for responding to labor market changes and the workforce readiness needs of businesses, particularly our manufac-turers. 
We need to do more to ensure that 
students are better trained and better equipped for the highly skilled jobs of the future, especially in advanced man-ufacturing. Our business communities have been clear on the need for a high-ly trained workforce for in-demand fields, and CTE provides the knowledge and skills that can help drive stronger economic growth for our ‘‘made in America’’ manufacturing economy. 
In closing, I would like to urge my 
colleagues to join us tomorrow by vis-iting a local manufacturer in their State. 
National Manufacturing Day pro-
vides our Nation with an important op-portunity for us to show our commit-ment to the idea that manufacturing does not represent the jobs of yester-day. Senator C
OONS was talking about 
the branding issues. Well, today’s man-ufacturing economy isn’t your father’s manufacturing economy, and today’s factory isn’t your grandfather’s fac-tory. It is a growing industry that has changed from the assembly lines of the past to high-tech innovation that will drive our future. Today, American manufacturing represents the jobs of tomorrow, providing a range of job op-portunities in the area of skilled pro-duction, information technology, de-
sign, engineering, and science. Our next generation of manufacturers need more skilled workers, and it is our job to work together to make sure our economy has them. 
Let’s join together and celebrate Na-
tional Manufacturing Day and show that our commitment is a celebration of American manufacturing, and let’s inspire the next generation of manufac-turers. 
Again, I thank my colleague from 
Delaware and my colleague from Min-nesota for their dedication to this vital issue. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I thank 
my colleague from Wisconsin, Senator B
ALDWIN , for her hard work on manu-
facturing and for her deep and broad experience in what it takes for manu-facturing to continue to grow in the State of Wisconsin, in the State of Delaware, and across our country. 
Let me pick up on a theme through 
both of our previous comments, which is that skills are a key challenge for us. If we are going to take advantage of the enormous opportunities, the hun-dreds of thousands of unfilled jobs in this sector, one of the key issues is a mismatch in skills. 
One other theme across both of our 
comments was how we can’t work to-gether across the aisle. Bad things hap-pen, such as the Export-Import Bank going unauthorized, but when we can team up and work together, we can make remarkable progress. 
Let me briefly reference two of the 
bills we have worked on in the past which enjoy strong bipartisan support and which I hope can move forward in this Congress. 
One is the Manufacturing Skills Act, 
and the lead sponsor is Senator A
YOTTE  
of New Hampshire. It would help cities and States to modernize their job- training programs and equip workers with the skills they need. 
Another bill, the Manufacturing Uni-
versities Act of 2015, of which Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM is the lead cosponsor, 
would designate 25 manufacturing uni-versities across the country and invest up to $5 million per year, per school to redesign their engineering programs so they are focused on the needs of mod-ern manufacturing. 
Many of the other ideas that have 
been brought to the floor by colleagues also focus on skills, and let me briefly reference two. 
Senator M
ERKLEY has drafted and in-
troduced the BUILD Career and Tech-nical Education Act to focus on some of the issues the Senator from Wis-consin was just speaking to—finding innovative ways to improve CTE edu-cation in our K–12 system to draw more talented students into the pipeline for these unfilled but lucrative manufac-turing careers. 
Last but certainly not least, Senator 
F
RANKEN of Minnesota has tirelessly 
worked to promote greater cooperation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.055 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7078 October 1, 2015 
between community colleges and their 
local manufacturing partners. I know in a moment he will share with us his vision for how we can improve skills training in manufacturing. 
Let me close by simply saying that 
tomorrow, as we celebrate National Manufacturing Day, I will be honored to welcome U.S. Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker to Delaware to look at and visit several of the manufacturers I mentioned—Accudyne and M. Davis— and to talk about how, working to-gether at the State and the Federal level, private sector and public sector, we can create and maintain strong 21st-century manufacturing jobs. 
We see the revitalization that is 
going on in American manufacturing, and we see the opportunity we have in front of us and we want to seize it. By enacting bipartisan bills that tackle the challenges I have discussed, we hope to have the opportunity to make the very difference our Nation requires. 
With that, I yield the floor to the 
Senator from Minnesota for his re-marks on National Manufacturing Day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I 
thank the good Senator from Delaware and the Senator from Wisconsin for or-ganizing today’s celebration of manu-facturing. 
As my colleague from Delaware men-
tioned and as I think the Presiding Of-ficer knows, I have talked a lot about the role of community and technical colleges and training for students for highly skilled jobs in manufacturing, and I will talk about that role in these remarks. 
SHOOTING AT UMPQUA COMMUNITY COLLEGE  
But first, I heard a few minutes ago 
about a shooting at a college in Or-egon. I just want to say something about that. 
First, all of our hearts in the Senate 
go out to the victims of that shooting at Umpqua Community College in Or-egon and to their families, their friends, and loved ones. 
Students at community colleges are 
often young people who are getting education to prepare them for the fu-ture. Very often they are people midcareer who are going back for training to get the kind of skills Sen-ator C
OONS talked about in a new ca-
reer. The resurgence of manufacturing in the United States and my State of Minnesota should inspire us to invest more in training more Americans for these good manufacturing jobs. 
I don’t know what the focus of Ump-
qua is, but again I believe I speak for everyone in this body that our hearts go out to all the victims and their loved ones. I don’t know whether they are like some community and tech-nical colleges in Minnesota preparing individuals for jobs in manufacturing. 
NATIONAL MANUFACTURING DAY  
Manufacturing jobs—we have heard 
my other colleagues talk about how these are not the old manufacturing jobs. I have heard a manufacturer refer to it as dark, dirty, and dangerous, and 
it is what a lot of people think of. 
I go to junior highs and high schools 
with manufacturers to talk about the high skills and the high-paying jobs that go with today’s manufacturing. The most recent data available as of 2010, the average annual wage for a manufacturing job in the United States was over $56,000—about 22 percent high-er than the average wage for all indus-tries. In Minnesota, manufacturing supports jobs for more than 300,000 Minnesotans. That is about 13 percent of the jobs in our State, and manufac-turing is responsible for 14 percent of the GDP. Manufacturing is a huge driv-er in our economy. We manufacture great things. We did the HVAC system for the new World Trade Center Free-dom Tower. 
This is why I want to talk about one 
of the greatest problems our manufac-turing States have today; that is, the skills gap. Manufacturers cannot find enough skilled workers to help them compete in a global economy. Accord-ing to Enterprise Minnesota, an organi-zation that supports manufacturers in my State, there are over 6,500 open manufacturing jobs in Minnesota wait-ing to be filled. My experience talking with manufacturers confirms that they are desperate to hire good people with the right skills for jobs that can sup-
port a middle-class life for workers and their families. 
In the words of just one manufac-
turer, Kimberly Arrigoni of Haberman Machine in Oakdale, MN: 
We are still suffering from a skills gap. . . . 
For my company specifically, it no longer is a capacity issue because of equipment, but one with people. We are limited in what we can produce and ship out the door because we don’t have enough master level machin-ists. . . . Imagine what this very ripple effect is causing my State and our country as a whole. 
So how can we help our manufac-
turing industry meet this challenge? Well, we took a good first step last year when we passed the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, WIOA. It was the first reauthor-ization of the Workforce Investment Act in over a decade—almost two. It modernized our workforce development system and improved coordination be-tween workforce boards, education, training programs, and local busi-nesses. I think we need to do more to go further, and that is why I will be re-introducing legislation very soon to in-crease Federal investment in work-force training partnerships between employers and community and tech-nical colleges. 
I call it the Community College to 
Career Fund Act. It would create grants that help businesses and com-munity colleges train workers for high- skill, good-paying jobs. Businesses and community and tech colleges across my State support the Community Col-lege to Career Fund Act because they know firsthand—and I have seen first-hand the differences that these pro-grams can make. Under this program, community colleges and businesses to-
gether would apply for grants based on how many jobs their partnership would create, what the value of those jobs would be to the community and, very importantly, how much skin in the game the State, the community or the businesses have. 
I hope my colleagues will take this 
up and pass it this year. This is a great way to address a number of things such as the cost of college. I have talked to so many manufacturers who have hired someone who has just a credential from 
a community technological college, hires them and then pays them to go back to school while they are working, and pays for their tuition to finish their associate’s degree. They bring them back and say: Go get your bach-elor’s degree. Go get your 4-year col-lege degree while you are working, and I will pay for it. These are—time and time again, I have seen people, workers who have had their education paid for, no debt, a couple degrees, and a good job—a very good job. 
I would like to close with the words 
of John Johnston from States Manu-facturing in Golden Valley, CO. He writes: 
When my son was young he used to say, 
‘‘My daddy works with big machines that go boom, boom, boom.’’ My son is now 17 years old and planning a career in manufacturing. He grew up around those machines that go boom. 
Unfortunately, most students these 
days think manufacturing is not for them. If they could only get in to see how remarkable it is to see how things are really made, they would change their perspective. 
He goes on: 
Each night at dinner we talk about his 
‘‘high of the school day’’ and he is so excited to tell me about the new equipment or his next project in manufacturing class. Now it is time to light that fire inside of other stu-dents and show them today’s manufacturing companies are a great place to have a career. 
A great place to have a career. This 
story illustrates perfectly why pro-moting manufacturing careers with young people is so important. We have a lot of advantages in this country be-cause of natural gas. We have cheap en-ergy relative to the rest of the world. Because of the nature of manufac-turing, the main cost now is the tech-nology, and low-skilled wages are a much smaller piece. What this country needs are high-skilled wages. We need more people, more young people espe-cially, to take advantage of the oppor-tunities available in manufacturing so we will continue to compete globally and expand as we compete globally. 
Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The majority whip. 
OBSTRUCTION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I con-
tinue to read in the newspaper and the press—particularly that which covers our activities in Congress—talk about the shutdown that was averted because we were able to pass a continuing reso-lution before the midnight end of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.056 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7079 October 1, 2015 
fiscal year on Wednesday night. I 
would like to reflect just a few minutes on what the cause of this drama is and where the responsibility actually lies for all of this shutdown drama, which would be completely unnecessary if the Senate and the Congress were per-mitted to basically do our job. 
For example, just this afternoon our 
Democratic friends decided to fili-buster legislation that would help our veterans and our men and women in uniform because it would fund the full range of services to veterans and the construction of military facilities. If you think about that for a moment, it becomes even more outrageous because the idea that in order to force this side 
of the aisle to the table, in order to spend more money and raise taxes, that you would hold our veterans and our military hostage is really remark-able, certainly nothing to be proud of, and something that needs to be called out and identified for what it is. 
The only reason we have had to go 
through this process on a continuing resolution—and, by the way, for those who are not familiar with the con-tinuing resolution, what that means is we are continuing for a period of time now—until December 11—the current spending policies of the Federal Gov-ernment. That means we are side-step-ping the Appropriations Committee, where outdated or obsolete programs are discarded or if there are multiple government programs that could be consolidated that could be made more effective or efficient, or if, heaven for-bid, we could actually save some money and apply it to priorities or maybe help reduce our deficit—that is where that should be happening, but the obstruction of our friends across the aisle who are dead set on forcing us to the negotiating table so they can force the Federal Government to spend more money is outrageous. 
We have had two previous votes on 
the Defense appropriations bill, which is even more immediately directed to help support our families and the men and women in uniform, many of whom are serving in harm’s way. It is amaz-ing to me how many people will come to the Senate floor or in the other body, the House of Representatives, and talk about their devotion and dedi-cation to our military and our vet-erans—and they should. Our military and our veterans deserve our devotion and appreciation and every honor we can bestow on them. But the idea that you would on one hand talk like that and then come to the floor and block legislation that funds their paycheck or pays for their benefits if they are a veteran and keeps the commitment we have made to them—it really is out-rageous and is just another reason why the American people—everybody out-side of the beltway—hold Congress and Washington in such low regard. We are, after all, a self-governing people, and when people hold their government in low regard and lose confidence in their government, basically they lose con-fidence in themselves and in our coun-
try and in our ability to control our destiny or at least try to point us in a better direction. 
Earlier on, I believe it was the senior 
Senator from New York who gave an interview to the New York Times. He talked about the fact that the Demo-crats were going to have a ‘‘filibuster summer,’’ and now that has sort of slopped over into a filibuster fall, ap-parently. Why? For what reason? What is the good reason? Well, it is not for a good reason, but it is for this reason: so they can force Republicans, the major-ity, to the negotiating table to spend more money. 
Then there is the White House. There 
is no leadership out of the White House on fiscal matters whatsoever. This morning the White House threatened to veto this very bill, assuming it would pass the Congress. Again, why? Well, because it complies with the cur-rent law and budgetary restrictions under the Budget Control Act. You might ask, well, why are they offended by that? Why is that a problem? Well, that is a good question, actually, be-cause the President himself signed the Budget Control Act into law, and the very caps on spending that have kept discretionary spending at 2007 levels are caps he signed into law. 
The idea that you would hold our 
troops and veterans hostage is incred-ible. Why? Because the President and the minority, the Democrats, refuse to adhere to budget spending caps the President signed into law. 
You know, we hear a lot of discussion 
about these caps and sequestration. These are the automatic spending caps on discretionary spending. They were actually proposed by the President and his team at the White House in the first place. So it would require a cer-tain degree of cognitive dissonance or maybe willing suspension of disbelief to read over the White House’s veto threat on this particular bill and to take it seriously. 
We are going to continue to press our 
Democratic colleagues to return this body to what we like to call regular order around here—in other words, doing our job, what we were elected to do. 
This whole idea of holding our troops 
and veterans hostage in order to force more government spending is beyond outrageous. With everything happening in the world, I don’t doubt it is hard for this message to penetrate, but the rea-son we continue to operate on con-tinuing resolutions and temporary patches, such as the one that was just passed that goes to December 11, is be-cause of the obstruction on the other side of the aisle, these filibusters. 
We have a lot of work cut out for us 
by that December 11 deadline. Before that deadline, we have to deal with an expiring highway bill. We passed a multiyear highway bill here in the Sen-ate and sent it to the House. My hope is that they will use this time up until October 29 to pass a highway bill and that we can get to a conference and 
work out the differences and settle that one important piece of business. I come from a big State. We need those resources in order to maintain and build our highway system, for public safety, for the environment, and for the economy. So I hope we can get that done. 
We are going to have another big 
drama here as a result of the Demo-crats filibustering these appropriations bills called an Omnibus appropriations bill. In other words, what is set up to happen as a result of the obstruction on the other side of the aisle by block-ing all of these appropriations bills is we are going to have to consider all of the funding for the Federal Govern-ment for perhaps the next year. We are going to have to vote on that one big bill—probably $1 trillion or more—in December. That is a horrible way to do business. First of all, it is not trans-parent. Our constituents cannot hope to read that legislation and understand 
all of the ramifications of it and what it might mean. It also, frankly, is sus-ceptible to being larded with things that really aren’t necessary, that would not pass under other cir-cumstances but are put on a must-pass piece of legislation. 
So you are going to hear more drum-
beats—I will close with this—about shutdowns and cliffs and the irrespon-sibility of Congress in not meeting our basic obligations. There is one reason for that under the present cir-cumstances; it is because our Demo-cratic friends have chosen to filibuster and to stop the Senate from doing its business the way we should be doing our business in an orderly, transparent, responsible, and accountable sort of way. The way we do that is by taking up individual appropriations bills and passing them. If we did it that way, there would be no government shut-down drama if one or two appropria-tions bills did not get passed for some reason, if there was some delay. So this is really the source of all of this shut-down drama—the obstruction of our Democratic colleagues, preventing us from doing our basic business of gov-erning and making sure we are doing what we promised to do when each of us stood for election in front of our voters. 
I see the junior Senator from Mon-
tana is here. I know one of the things that motivated many of our new Sen-ators is the desire to come here and put our fiscal house in order. We are not even talking about doing some of the things we should do, some of the things we need to do to reduce the deficit—the difference between what we spend and what comes in—much less the debt, which is in the $18 trillion range, which is unbelievable. 
So these young men and women who 
are serving as pages—we are leaving behind for them a financial burden which is simply immoral. It is just not right. The promises that were made back when Social Security and Medi-care were passed—that they would be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.060 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7080 October 1, 2015 
there for you in your later years—I 
have not met a young person today who thinks Social Security or Medi-care is going to be there for them be-cause, frankly, they are going to run out of money on the current path they are on. 
So we have a lot to do. Believe me, 
the country is upset. People are angry. They are scared. They are worried about their families and about their fu-ture. They are worried about their se-curity. When they look at the TV set or read the newspaper and see how a willful minority can simply shut down our ability to do our job and conduct the Nation’s business, their anger and their frustration and their fear are jus-tified. 
We can do better. I hope and pray we 
will. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
REMEMBERING JEAN TURNAGE  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I rise 
today in recognition of Jean Turnage, the former Montana Supreme Court chief justice and a State senate presi-dent who passed away earlier this week. 
Chief Justice Turnage was a true 
public servant who always put Mon-tana and this Nation first. He is re-membered as a fair and tolerant judge and a true gentleman legislator. As both a legislator and judge, he had a genius for solving conflicts and bridg-ing differences—a quality that is far too rare in public service. 
Chief Justice Turnage was part of a 
dying breed of the ‘‘greatest genera-tion’’ and was a true statesman. As a World War II veteran, a State legis-lator, and chief justice of the Montana Supreme Court, Justice Turnage truly exemplified our State’s strong legacy of service. His passing is a great loss for Montana. 
On behalf of all Montanans, I wish to 
recognize Jean for his decades of serv-ice to Montana and to this Nation. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Turnage family during this time of loss. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
(The remarks of Mr. G
RASSLEY per-
taining to the introduction of S. 2123 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, last week 
I came to the floor to speak on the sub-ject of religious liberty in America. I explained why religious liberty mat-
ters, why it is important, and why it deserves special protection from gov-ernment interference. 
I also used my remarks to welcome 
Pope Francis to Washington and to rec-ognize the historic nature of his visit. I was struck by the Pope’s emphasis on religious liberty while he was here and by his concern for the state of religious liberty, not just around the world, but in the United States as well. 
In his address at the White House, 
Pope Francis said that many American Catholics are ‘‘concerned that efforts to build a just and wisely ordered soci-ety respect . . . the right to religious liberty,’’ and he called on all Ameri-cans to ‘‘be vigilant . . . to preserve and defend [religious] freedom from ev-erything that would threaten or com-promise it.’’ 
Before Congress, Pope Francis, spoke 
of the delicate balance required to combat violence and extremism while at the same time safeguarding reli-gious liberty. And in Philadelphia, he declared that the right of religious ex-ercise extends well beyond the church door. He said: 
Religious freedom certainly means the 
right to worship God, individually and in community, as consciences dictate. But reli-gious liberty, by its nature, transcends places of worship and the private sphere of individuals and families. 
Like Pope Francis, I too am con-
cerned about threats to religious free-dom in the United States. Last week, I announced my intention to give a se-ries of speeches on the subject of reli-gious liberty, and I continue with that purpose today by speaking about the history of religious liberty in America. 
As my remarks will show, concern 
for religious liberty has been a critical feature of our Nation from the begin-ning. The desire to enjoy the freedom to live one’s faith was a motivating factor for many of our earliest settlers. Once here, they set about creating so-cieties in which religion could have full room to flourish. At times they fell prey to the same sectarian narrowmindedness that bedeviled the nations of Europe, but on the whole our forebears enjoyed and permitted a broader range of religious freedom than could be found most anywhere in the world or the planet at that time. 
As the heirs of their efforts, we have 
the obligation to continue their com-mitment to religious liberty. Freedom of religion is part of the very fabric of our Nation. It is not only enshrined in the text of our First Amendment, it also permeates our history, our very identity as a nation. Protecting and promoting freedom of religion is at the heart of the American project. 
Let’s begin at the beginning. The 
first permanent European settlers here in America were Pilgrims seeking to escape religious oppression. Leaders such as John Winthrop guided Puritans and other groups of Pilgrims from Eu-rope to the New World in search of a place where they could practice their religious beliefs according to their own 
conscience. 
The Pilgrims’ journey to Massachu-
setts Bay is considered such an impor-tant part of the American story that a mural depicting the embarkation of the Pilgrims hangs in the Rotunda of the U.S. Capitol. This great painting stands as a symbol and constant re-minder of America’s place as a safe harbor for those seeking religious lib-erty. 
Following the success of the Puri-
tans, other religious minorities, includ-ing the Quakers, Congregationalists, Baptists, Jews, Methodists, Pres-byterians, and a host of German and Dutch sects, came to the American Colonies to practice their faith in peace. Unfortunately, many of these minorities did not find the religious tolerance they had hoped for. The Mas-sachusetts Bay Colony, for example, punished heretics and adopted the Old World view that nonadherence to the state religion was a crime against the state. True to the American ideal, how-ever, these religious minorities did not give in. Instead, they pressed on in search of new locales where the prom-ise of religious freedom could be found full bloom. 
Roger Williams, the founder of the 
first Baptist church in America, was among the most notable dissenters from religious orthodoxy. Williams be-lieved that the church in Massachu-setts was not sufficiently separated from the church of England and openly questioned the legitimacy of the Colo-ny’s charter. 
Forced to flee his home in Boston for 
fear of being arrested, Williams found refuge among the Natives. He went on to purchase land from the Massasoit tribe and established a new settlement that he gave the rather auspicious name ‘‘Providence.’’ A few years later, Providence and several other commu-nities joined together to form the Rhode Island Colony—the first Colony in the New World—to offer religious liberty to all sects. Citizens in Rhode Island could attend the church of their choice without fear of government re-prisal. 
Mr. President, we see in the founding 
of Rhode Island the seed of the idea that all people should be free to prac-tice their faith. If Massachusetts rep-resented the flight of persecution, then Rhode Island constituted the next step in the path toward religious freedom— the extension of free exercise. 
Rhode Island was not the only safe 
harbor in the New World for religious minorities. There was also Pennsyl-vania, which was named for William Penn, a Quaker. English authorities imprisoned Penn in the Tower of Lon-don for writing pamphlets critical of the Church of England. After he was re-leased, Penn established the Pennsyl-vania Colony as a refuge for practi-tioners of his own Quaker faith. 
Another example is the Dutch Colony 
of New Netherland, later known as New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.061 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7081 October 1, 2015 
Amsterdam and today known as New 
York. When New Amsterdam was founded in 1625, its Articles of Transfer assured New Netherlanders that they could ‘‘keep and enjoy the liberty of their consciences in religion.’’ No city better symbolizes the religious diver-sity of America than New York City, which should be unsurprising given that New York was one of America’s earliest havens of religious liberty and tolerance. 
It bears mention that although many 
of the early American Colonies aspired to provide religious liberty to all citi-zens, colonial America often fell short of this ideal. In 1689, for example, Eng-land’s Parliament enacted the Act of Toleration, which granted freedom to non-Anglicans to hold their own reli-gious services provided they properly registered their ministers and places of worship. However, the act did not ex-tend the right to hold public office to nonconformists and explicitly excluded Catholics and Unitarians from all bene-fits provided by the act. Moreover, ministers of minority sects could be imprisoned for failing to apply for li-censes or for preaching outside of au-thorized locations. In 1774, Virginia au-thorities imprisoned some 50 Baptist ministers for failing to heed the Tol-eration Act’s requirements. 
That the trajectory of religious lib-
erty in America has not always been a straight line, however, does not dimin-ish the centrality of religious freedom to the American ideal or to the history and growth of our Nation. Looking back centuries later, we rightly criti-cize colonial leaders for failing to give full freedom to religious practitioners. But the initial failure of some colonial leaders to live up to the ideal was ulti-mately overwhelmed by the success of later colonists and by the significance of religious liberty through the entire American project. 
As I said last week, our Nation exists 
because of religious liberty. The free-dom to practice one’s faith was central to the founding and growth of the American Colonies. Furthermore, the guarantees of religious liberty found in the colonial charters, coupled with the breadth of religious diversity in pre- revolution America, are nothing short of remarkable. As Stanford professor Michael McConnell—one of the great constitutional experts in our country— has noted, in the years leading up to the Revolution, America had ‘‘already experienced 150 years of a higher degree of religious diversity than had existed anywhere else in the world.’’ 
I come now to the American Revolu-
tion and subsequent ratification of the Constitution. It was through these cru-cial events that the ideal of religious liberty had so long motivated the colo-nists to become part of our funda-mental charter of government. 
George Washington, while leader of 
the Continental Army, issued a com-mand concerning religious liberty to the revolutionary troops: ‘‘[A]s far as lies in your power, you are to protect and support the free exercise of the re-
ligion of the Country, and the undis-turbed enjoyment of the rights of con-science in religious matters, with your utmost influence and authority.’’ 
That was George Washington. Thomas Jefferson, the author of the 
Declaration of Independence, likewise emphasized the centrality of religious freedom for our new Nation. In 1786, the Virginia Legislature adopted a statute on religious freedom written by none other than Thomas Jefferson. This law said that ‘‘all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinions in matter of religion, and that the same shall in no wise diminish, enlarge or affect their civil capacities.’’ 
Jefferson’s words in the Statute for 
Religious Freedom had a profound in-fluence on James Madison, whom we revere today as the father of the Con-stitution. Madison reflected Jefferson’s vision in his own writings, declaring that ‘‘[t]he religion of every man must be left to the conviction and con-science of every man to exercise it as these may dictate.’’ 
The original Constitution, ratified in 
1788, did not contain a bill of rights be-cause the Framers believed the struc-ture they had created would effectively guard against tyranny. They also wor-ried that enumerating rights could lead to mischief, as officials might argue that any right not enumerated did not exist. But the Framers eventually re-versed course, and a few years later Madison drafted and the States ratified the first 10 amendments to the Con-stitution. 
The first of these amendments for-
malized the guarantee of religious lib-erty already found in many State con-stitutions and deeply embedded in the fabric of American society. The words are familiar to all Americans: ‘‘Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohib-iting the free exercise thereof.’’ The principle that had motivated the ini-tial settlement of America and that had grown and matured in concert with the growth and maturation of the Colo-nies themselves had found expression in our fundamental charter. 
Of course, ratification of the First 
Amendment is not the end of the story. From the founding generation down to the present day, the importance of reli-gious liberty to the American ideal has continued to manifest itself in a vari-ety of ways. 
Consider the experience of the Ursu-
line nuns of New Orleans. These French sisters were the first congregation of Roman Catholic nuns in the United States. They came to America in the early 1700s and settled in New France, which later became Louisiana. 
Following the Louisiana Purchase in 
1803, the sisters of the Ursuline Con-vent grew concerned that they would lose their rights to their property and mission now that their charter was under the jurisdiction of the United States. The mother superior of the Ursulines 
petitioned President Thomas Jefferson to ask that the sisters be allowed to keep their property in New Orleans. President Jefferson responded power-fully, telling the Sisters: ‘‘The prin-ciples of the Constitution and govern-ment of the United States are a sure guarantee to you that [your property] 
will be preserved to you sacred and in-violate and that your institution will be permitted to govern itself according to its own rules, without interference from the civil authority.’’ 
President Jefferson spoke the truth. 
Indeed, the Old Ursuline Convent and Mission survives to this day. It is lo-cated in New Orleans’ famous French Quarter and is the oldest building in the Mississippi River Valley. The Old Ursuline Convent is an emblem of the vitality and centrality of religious lib-erty in American life. A persecuted re-ligious minority, unpopular in its day and even reviled in some backward seg-ments of society, received a personal guarantee from the President of the United States that their rights and property would remain secure under the protection of the U.S. Government. Here we see religious liberty not only as ideal but as reality. 
To return to my earlier formulation, 
Massachusetts represented the flight from religious persecution, Rhode Is-land and other Colonies the extension of free exercise. Now in the Constitu-tion we have the guarantee of religious liberty to all people in all places with-in the jurisdiction of our great land. 
The Constitution and its guarantee 
of free exercise is the culmination of the process that began when the Pil-grims first set foot on the Mayflower way back in 1620. But the Constitution is only as effective as we, through our fidelity, make it. Regrettably, the guarantee of free exercise has at times been undermined or even abridged by narrowminded sectarianism or fear of new creeds. Such divergence from the promise of religious liberty is not cause to question the continuing value of religion or to claim that the promise of religious freedom is a false promise. Rather, it is reason to dedicate our-selves to the ideal enshrined in our Constitution that all men and women have an inalienable right to choose for themselves what they believe and how they will practice their beliefs. 
As many of my colleagues know, I 
am a descendent of the early Mormon pioneers who, much like the Pilgrims of the Mayflower, fled persecution and discrimination by abandoning their homes for a new place of refuge. In the case of the Mormon pioneers, they mi-grated, many by foot and in harsh con-ditions, in a mass exodus across the Great Plains over the Rocky Moun-tains, and, finally, into Salt Lake Val-ley and other settlements throughout the Intermountain West. Brigham Young was a great colonizer and sent people all over the West to settle the West. One of the attributes of the Mor-mon pioneers that I admire most is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.064 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7082 October 1, 2015 
that after having endured mob vio-
lence, the martyr of their prophet, the burning of their homes and places of worship, and their forced flight into the American wilderness, they never lost their deep love of the United States and our Constitution. I am very pleased the people of Utah remain a deeply patriotic people, with a pro-
found respect and admiration for our Constitution. 
In more recent years, our leaders 
have continued to reaffirm the impor-tance of religious liberty in American life. In 1948, the United States was one of the original signers of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which proclaims that every person has the right to freedom of religion, including the right to ‘‘manifest his religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship or observance.’’ 
Four decades later, in 1990, Congress 
passed the Religious Freedom Restora-tion Act, or RFRA, a crucially impor-tant piece of legislation that prohibits government from substantially bur-dening a person’s exercise of religion unless doing so is necessary to further a ‘‘compelling government interest.’’ I was honored to be one of the principal authors of RFRA and count its passage of one of the greatest moments of our time in this body. The bill passed the Senate 97 to 3 and passed the House without recorded opposition. An enor-mous coalition of groups from across the ideological spectrum—including the ALCU, the American Muslim Coun-cil, the Anti-Defamation League, the Christian Legal Society, and the Na-tional Council of Churches—came to-gether in support of the Religious Free-dom Restoration Act. The breadth and depth of support for RFRA was a sign of the enduring importance of religious liberty in American life. Indeed, RFRA demonstrated that religious liberty is the rare issue that unites Americans of all stripes. 
One other recent marker of the con-
tinuing significance of religious free-dom in America is found, interestingly enough, in a bill aimed at protecting religious freedom in other countries. In 1998, Congress unanimously passed the International Religious Freedom Act, which created an ambassador-at-large for International Religious Freedom within the State Department and a bi-partisan U.S. Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom. The very first words of the act proclaim that ‘‘[t]he right to freedom of religion undergirds the very origin and exist-ence of the United States.’’ 
This statement, approved by all 535 
Members of Congress and signed into law by the President, encapsulates the overarching theme of my remarks today. Freedom of religion is central to the American ideal and to the history and development of our Nation. From the earliest settlers to the revolu-tionary generation, to the 19th cen-tury, to the modern day, religious free-dom has been a driving force in Amer-ican life. Without the quest for reli-gious liberty, there would be no United 
States, and without the continued guarantee of religious freedom, there can be no American ideal. This is the fundamental rule in our society, a fun-damental maxim, a fundamental part of the Constitution, a fundamental be-lief for virtually everyone in America who has any religious inclinations at all. 
I am proud to be a citizen of this 
great Nation. I don’t want to see reli-gious liberty infringed upon, abused, not tolerated or denigrated. We have to stand up for it. We have to make sure everybody knows we are not going to change one of the basic precepts of the American experience—one of the basic precepts, from the beginning of this country until today. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING JAMES H . GILLIAM , SR. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, it is with 
a heavy heart that today I rise to honor a friend and a true force for good in my home State of Delaware who re-cently passed away but whose impact will be felt for many years to come. He was, first and foremost, a loving hus-band, father, and grandfather. He was married to his wife Louise for 68 years and had always been the rock of his family. He was incredibly proud of the many accomplishments of his son Jim, Jr., and his daughter Dr. Patrice Gilliam-Johnson, after instilling in them his own passion of service to oth-ers. This man stood as a great leader in the First State. He was a veteran, a trailblazer, a mentor, and to so many of us a trusted adviser and friend. 
It was Mr. James H. Gilliam, Sr.—or 
Mr. G., as he was known to so many of us—who left our world early Wednes-day morning on September 10, but be-fore he left us, he made a profound im-pact on thousands of Delawareans from every walk of life, as a teacher, as a mentor, and a leader. His 95 years on this Earth marked a life well lived. Whether he was helping communities to heal and to grow together or helping to establish local and national organi-zations committed to social justice and equity, advising Governors, Members of Congress or even the Vice President, he never wasted an opportunity to make the case for our community. 
Jim Gilliam, though, actually didn’t 
grow up in Delaware. He was originally raised in Baltimore and earned a bach-elor’s degree in sociology from Morgan State and a master’s degree in social work from Howard University. From 1944 to 1948, he served his country with honor as a member of the Army’s 92nd Infantry Division, the famed Buffalo Soldiers, where he became a decorated soldier during the Second World War 
and beyond. He was actually recalled to duty again as a captain during the Korean war, and for all his service, he received many awards, including two Bronze Star Medals and the Combat In-fantryman Badge. I will never forget the opportunity I had last year when I was able to help him retrieve a number of his missing or, in several cases, never awarded medals, and to reissue them to him in a public ceremony. Hundreds of Delawareans from across our community came together at that event—hundreds whose lives he touched, and I don’t think there was a dry eye in the house. 
Jim Gilliam didn’t come to Wil-
mington for good until 1965, when he was hired as director of neighborhood and housing services for the Greater Wilmington Development Council. Shortly after, in 1968, he was one of the few trusted to walk the Wilmington streets promoting reconciliation dur-ing the riots in our city and the Na-
tional Guard occupation that lasted too long after the assassination of Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. 
Mr. G. went on to hold positions of 
leadership with private and public sec-tor entities, including vice president of the development company Leon N. Weiner & Associates, working to build affordable, low-income housing; or as the director of New Castle County’s De-partment of Community Development and Housing, where he served for many years; or in 1970 when Governor Peter-son asked him to overhaul a then-fail-ing Delaware family court. He touched many lives through many institutions. 
His constant involvement in the com-
munity led to many honors and acco-lades, but through it all he never rest-ed on his laurels or slowed down in his efforts to serve others. In 1999, at an age when most others would have been beginning retirement, he spent 9 months raising $1 million and securing hundreds of political, business, and community supporters to launch the Metropolitan Wilmington Urban League. The Metropolitan Wilmington Urban League quickly rose to promi-nence and 4 years later received the National Urban League’s highest honor. Since that time, as MWUL chairman, Jim led countless efforts in educational opportunity, economic de-velopment, supplier diversity, fighting racial profiling, and promoting equity in the arts. I was honored to be able to call him a mentor and an adviser. 
Whether working with him 15 years 
ago when I was a newly elected county-wide official or in recent years as a U.S. Senator, I called on Mr. G. time and again when making tough deci-sions. His counsel was not always easy to receive. He pulled no punches, but he always gave advice keeping the best interests of our community in mind. I consider myself hugely blessed for the many opportunities when he shared his knowledge and perspective of what we needed to do. But I am far from the only person who long relied upon his advice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.067 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7083 October 1, 2015 
Mr. G. mentored countless young 
men and women from throughout the State and throughout his life and truly fostered an entire generation of civic and community leaders. One of them is Paul Calistro, the executive director of the West End Neighborhood House, whose organization has supported thousands youth in our city. A senti-ment he recently related to me was that ‘‘Mr. G. was a man who could com-mand the entire room, but could also speak to you as if you were the only one in the room.’’ 
Another person whose career he 
helped launch was Jea Street. He is now a county councilman, and for dec-ades he was executive director of Hill-top Lutheran—another important youth-serving organization in a tough neighborhood in our city. He was hired 
at the tender age of 22, some 40 years ago, by Mr. G. to help in preparation for school desegregation. Jea recently commented: He did not tell me it was a job for life, but he helped me to do it and to stay on the battlefield for jus-tice these many years. 
Any elected official or civic commu-
nity leader who sat down with Mr. G. also knew that he meant business. He wasn’t shy about telling you what you needed to do, what you needed to do better, what you needed to do to make an impact. Whether it was fighting crime or investing in education or a growing opportunity, he was better than anyone I have ever known at de-livering hard and pointed messages with a smile but with an intensity that made you listen and made you want to be a better man. The News Journal, our home paper in Wilmington, recently said: ‘‘Mr. Gilliam’s fight for racial jus-tice, his efforts to correct the wrongs of our society and his willingness to mentor countless others, sent forth thousands of ripples of hope that have benefited us in the past and will serve us well in the future.’’ 
I think that is exactly right. No 
problem was too small or insignificant for him to embrace and to attend to and to set right. He was Wilmington’s pied piper, leading all kinds of people into a better place. He was a natural leader, and everyone who knew him is better off for it. 
My good friend Dr. Tony Allen count-
ed Mr. G. as his best friend. Tony put it this way: 
He was the conscience of our community. 
He often said to me that the great challenges of life are in the moments when it is our turn. When there is an opportunity for us to speak up or to be quiet, to rise up or to lie down, to take arms or to take cover, most of us take the path of least resistance and miss the moment to make a difference in our own lives and in the lives of others. He taught ev-eryone to never, ever miss their moment to act, to do the right thing, and to make the world a better place. 
For 95 years, Mr. G. never missed the 
moments that required him to act and to lead. He acted, he led, and his legacy lives on not only in his family but among so many other people and insti-tutions throughout our State that he touched. As for me, I will always remember 
Jim Gilliam as a man who challenged me to be better. He viewed himself as a servant to our community, but he knew that his service alone wasn’t enough. That is why his lasting legacy will be in those whom he has inspired and whom he challenged to continue his work, to follow his example, to take our turn and our moment to fight for justice. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Michigan wishes to 
be recognized, I presume. 
Mr. PETERS. I do, indeed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is recognized. 
PIPELINE IMPROVEMENT AND PREVENTING  
SPILLS ACT  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak about an issue that is of particular importance in my State of Michigan—preventing an oilspill in the Great Lakes. The Great Lakes are a part of our way of life in Michigan, supporting our multibillion dollar agri-cultural, shipping, and tourism indus-tries. An oilspill on this precious re-source would be catastrophic for Michi-gan and for all surrounding Great Lakes States. The Great Lakes are a critical drinking water source for 40 million people, and they contain 84 per-cent of North America’s surface fresh-water. Vessels moving through the Great Lakes carry goods and pas-sengers across the region, and tourists in Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Il-linois, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, 
and New York take in their beautiful coastlines each year. Unfortunately, Michiganders know all too well the devastating consequences of a pipeline break and what it can do to an econ-omy and to its natural resources. 
Five years ago we experienced one of 
the largest inland oilspills in U.S. his-tory with a 6-foot break in the Line 6– B pipeline in Marshall, MI. Oil flowed for nearly 17 hours before it was even-tually shut off, spilling more than 800,000 gallons of heavy crude, contami-nating 35 miles of the Kalamazoo River, and ultimately racking up a cleanup cost of $1.2 billion. An inde-pendent investigation after the spill concluded that the pipeline operator’s inadequate procedures, as well as ‘‘weak Federal regulations,’’ all played a major role in this disastrous spill. 
The Kalamazoo disaster, along with 
several other devastating pipeline ex-plosions and spills, prompted a sweep-ing pipeline safety bill to be signed into law in early 2012. Unfortunately, many of those rules and regulations have yet to be finalized by the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, or PHMSA. I am very concerned about the poten-
tial for future spills in Michigan, espe-cially from a pair of 60-year old pipe-lines carrying oil and natural gas liq-uids through the Straits of Mackinac, the place where Lake Michigan and Lake Huron meet. The Straits of Mack-inac have been called the ‘‘worst pos-sible place’’ for an oilspill in the entire Great Lakes Basin. The strong cur-rents in the straits tend to reverse di-rection every few days, and they move water at a rate at over 10 times greater than the flow over Niagara Falls. A professor at the University of Michigan used computer modeling to estimate that a worst case scenario oil slick moving east through the Straits could reach the shores of Mackinac City and Mackinac Island—our number one tourist attraction—in just 3 hours. 
Even more troubling is the fact that 
Coast Guard officials have acknowl-edged that current oilspill response techniques are not adequate for open freshwater, let alone freshwater with heavy, thick ice—the ice we find every season in the Straits of Mackinac. 
To make matters worse, response 
plan requirements for pipelines over-seen by PHMSA at the Federal level are seriously lacking. The information related to safety procedures, inspection reports, and worst case scenarios are unavailable to the public. Even local emergency responders have been left in the dark. That is why I, along with my Michigan colleague and good friend D
EBBIE STABENOW , introduced the Pipe-
line Improvement and Preventing Spills Act, which includes several com-monsense provisions to prevent pipe-line accidents and protect the Great Lakes from catastrophic crude oil spills. Our bill requires the U.S. Coast Guard and other agencies to independ-ently assess oilspill response and clean-up activities and techniques for the Great Lakes, specifically taking into account the cleanup response of an oil-spill under solid, thick ice or ice-choke waters. 
My legislation requires the Depart-
ment of Transportation and the Na-tional Academies to examine risks as-sociated with pipelines in the Great Lakes and other waterways in the re-gion, including an analysis of alter-natives to the Straits oil pipeline. This bill would also increase transparency by ensuring residents are notified about pipelines near their property and compels operators and regulators to make information publicly available. 
My legislation will also expand safe-
ty features to pipelines in high-con-sequence areas—creating jobs for pipe-fitters and other professions—while protecting dense population centers, drinking water, and environmentally sensitive areas. Finally, this bill will eliminate the future risk of a disas-trous crude oil spill from tanker ves-sels on the Great Lakes. 
Currently crude oil is not shipped by 
tankers on the Great Lakes. However, it is increasingly being looked at as an option. Given the difficulty of cleaning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.069 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7084 October 1, 2015 
up heavy oil in open freshwater, my 
bill will take that option off the table to ensure that we will not jeopardize our $7 billion Great Lakes fishing in-dustry. The Pipeline Improvement and Preventing Spills Act is endorsed and supported by a number of groups, in-cluding the Michigan League of Con-servation Voters; the Pipefitters, Plumbers and HVAC Techs Local 111; Traverse City Tourism; the Great Lakes Fishing Commission; Michigan Steelhead and Salmon Fishermen’s As-sociation; National Wildlife Federa-tion; and the Alliance for the Great Lakes—to name a few. 
The Senate committee on commerce, 
which has jurisdiction over pipeline safety, will be considering pipeline leg-islation in the next few weeks. I look forward to building support for provi-sions in my bill. Our country continues to record record highs in domestic en-ergy production, but we must remain vigilant when it comes to energy trans-portation. Through strong oversight, leadership from the industry, and tech-nological innovation, I firmly believe that we can and we must continue to meet our energy needs in the safest way possible while preserving treasures such as the Great Lakes for future gen-erations. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROTECTING AFFORDABLE 
COVERAGE FOR EMPLOYEES ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the consideration of H.R. 1624, which is at the desk, and that the bill be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1624) to amend title I of the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to revise the definition of small employer. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
The bill was ordered to a third read-
ing, and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there 
is no further debate on the measure, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
The bill (H.R. 1624) was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the motion to reconsider be made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
wish to say a few words about the Pro-tecting Affordable Coverage For Em-ployees—or PACE—Act. 
The PACE Act is smart legislation 
from my colleague, Senator T
IMSCOTT, 
and my Kentucky colleague over in the House, Congressman B
RETT GUTHRIE , 
that will help protect small- and me-dium-sized businesses that provide health care to their employees. It would give States more flexibility to define what constitutes a small busi-ness for health insurance purposes so as to protect health benefits for work-ers, lower health premiums, and reduce costs for taxpayers. 
So let me repeat that. The PACE Act 
is a smart health care bill aimed at protecting workers’ benefits, lowering premiums, and reducing costs to tax-payers. 
I hope colleagues will join me in ap-
plauding the bill’s lead sponsors, our colleague, Senator T
IMSCOTT, and his 
counterpart over in the House, Con-gressman B
RETT GUTHRIE , for their 
hard work in developing this very im-portant proposal. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
wish to join the majority leader in complimenting Senator S
COTT, a new 
Member of the Senate, on a significant accomplishment. It is not that easy to pass a bill in the House and in the Sen-ate. It takes a lot of work, and there is good reason for that. We want to make sure that whatever passes in the Sen-ate has a thorough amount of consider-ation. 
Senator S
COTT has come to the Sen-
ate as a member of the HELP Com-mittee. He is one of its most diligent members. I am chairman of that com-mittee. He took this initiative on his own, working with Members of the House, where he formerly served, and he has brought the bill to the Senate, and within a few days he has gotten its unanimous approval. To me, that sug-gests the kind of U.S. Senator that we need more of—someone who is quiet, effective, scholarly, and gets results. 
So T
IMSCOTT today, on behalf of the 
people of South Carolina and this coun-try, has helped workers, has improved benefits, and has lowered premiums. He deserves our thanks. He has certainly earned my respect and the respect of his colleagues on both sides of the aisle by this significant accomplishment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina. 
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I wish to 
thank my cosponsor, Senator S
HAHEEN , 
for working with me on the PACE Act, without any question. I also would like to thank Senator A
LEXANDER for his 
kind remarks and specifically thank our leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , for 
making sure this bill had an expedi-tious path to the floor of the Senate. 
So often we hear in America that we 
can’t get things done in the Senate, and because of your leadership, Sen-ator M
CCONNELL , and because of the good work of Congressman G UTHRIE on 
the House side, as well as Senator S HA-
HEEN , we see we are going to have an 
opportunity to make sure that small business owners all across America are not more negatively impacted by ObamaCare. 
The decision we have made today to 
move this legislation forward actually will save, on average, about 18 per-cent—18 percent—of higher premiums that will not have to be paid by small businesses owners. 
Senator M
CCONNELL , thank you for 
your leadership. Senator A LEXANDER , 
thank you for working with us on this very interesting process to get it to the floor as expeditiously as we have been able to do. 
With that, I thank both Senators for 
their hard work and dedication to this issue. 
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I want to 
thank my friend and colleague Senator S
COTT for his leadership in protecting 
many Americans and small businesses from more needless suffering under ObamaCare. While I am glad for this outcome, a piecemeal approach to this terrible law is less valuable than a strategic approach. We must help the millions of other victims who are al-ready suffering or will soon suffer from the law’s flawed policies but lack an ef-fective lobbying voice. In the future, we should set the stage for a serious re-peal and replace debate by delaying Obamacare’s onerous burdens, rather than merely working to make a ter-rible law 12 percent less bad. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016—CONFERENCE REPORT—Con-tinued 
REMEMBERING OFFICER GREG ALIA  
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about one of South Carolina’s most amazing heroes, Greg Alia. I am here today to recognize that this young man—32 years young—lost his life yes-terday. Yesterday morning, Officer Greg Alia was killed in Columbia, SC. 
I will tell my colleagues that Greg 
served his community with distinction. Yesterday afternoon, I had an oppor-tunity to talk with Greg’s wife, Kassy. Kassy’s strength, as she spoke with someone she has never met about the love of her life—about her husband, the father of her little boy, Sal—was quite remarkable. Her thoughtfulness in this tragic time truly struck a chord with me and brought tears to my eyes as I listened to a wife describe the man she loves, a community leader, and some-one who runs into danger when others are running away from danger. 
Greg was born and raised in Colum-
bia, SC. He was a Columbia native. He went to high school at Richland North-east High School. He graduated from the University of South Carolina. If Greg were here, I would say ‘‘Go, Cocks’’ because we understand and ap-preciate the importance of the Univer-sity of South Carolina, especially in the Columbia footprint. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.070 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7085 October 1, 2015 
More importantly, after high school, 
Greg wanted to find out what life was about. He had an opportunity to be a production assistant working on mov-ies such as the latest version of ‘‘Indi-ana Jones,’’ as well as one of my favor-ite movies, frankly, ‘‘Iron Man.’’ Yes, ‘‘Iron Man.’’ 
Greg was offered a job with Marvel, 
the comic book folks. He had an oppor-tunity to stay out of the State and do amazing things and have a lot of fun, but his heart was beating to come back home to South Carolina, to come back home to Columbia, so that he could serve the people of South Carolina. He wanted to be a police officer. He want-ed to help people. Kassy told me that Greg would have had no regrets. 
To think about those words from his 
wife on the day her husband was mur-dered, Greg would have no regrets be-cause he was doing what he was made to do: Protect people, serve people, sac-rifice on behalf of people. 
Greg was the embodiment of bravery 
and heroism. Greg was doing what he was wired to do. His wife was so clear and so passionate about his desire to be the first on the scene, his desire to do everything possible to try to be help-ful. Greg, like so many police officers across this Nation and, without ques-tion, across the great State of South Carolina, loved serving people. And he did so. He did so with great integrity, with amazing character. He knew his place in the world was making sure that his town, his city, our State, and our Nation are safer because he put on the uniform every single day. 
Today, we all stand in salute to Greg 
and make a promise to his wife Kassy that we will be there with her as she raises her son Sal. Our prayers and our thoughts are with the family. 
In closing, I would like to share a 
story that Kassy told me yesterday afternoon as I had the chance to speak with her. The story brought a tear to my eye, and I hope as my colleagues hear the story, it may even bring a smile to their faces. Greg worked the night shift, and when he would come home in the morning—Sal was around 6 months old and he was learning to sit up, and in the morning when Sal heard the police cruiser of his dad pull into the driveway, he would sit up and he would start smiling. He was feeding, and the milk, because of his big smile, would run down his face. 
Think for just a moment of that 
young man, Sal. He should have the op-portunity to walk when he hears the cruiser coming into the driveway. He should have the opportunity to yell ‘‘Daddy’’ when he hears that cruiser coming into the driveway. So for that little boy and his mama, Kassy, and for the Forest Acres community, I stand here today saying thank you for every single thing Greg has done to make our State and our Nation a better place to call home. I say thank you to Greg for making the ultimate sacrifice that will never be forgotten. And I say thank you to Kassy for being such a powerful and strong woman in this amazing 
time of her need. 
We should pray for Kassy and Sal. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I am glad 
I got to be here to hear Senator S
COTT 
talk about that family and that hero and those who protect and defend us. In Missouri we have had over the last year a number of challenges on this front. I was recently meeting with a group of African-American pastors, one of whom was a pastor in Ferguson, MO, and talking about the hard work of being in law enforcement. He said: Peo-ple who protect us, just like me, want to go home at the end of the day. And more than most of us, people who pro-tect us leave every day with them and their families having the No. 1 focus of getting home at the end of the day. Thank God they are willing to step for-ward and protect us, especially under-standing that this is a challenging job at a challenging time. 
VETERANS HEALTH CARE  
I wish to speak for a little while 
about veterans health care, another challenge we face right now. We just, unfortunately, failed to move to debate on a bill that would fund these pro-grams, a bill that would increase fund-ing for our veterans in areas such as health care and benefit claims and processing claims, medical research, and technology upgrades. For whatever reason, we decided as a Senate—and I don’t think for a good reason—that no, we are not going to debate that bill be-cause all of these bills somehow collec-tively don’t spend enough money. But we have talked about that, and I talked about it earlier in the day. 
Right now I wish to speak for a few 
minutes about what we do need to be figuring out for our veterans. 
We learned a year ago that Veterans’ 
Administration wait times were unac-ceptable. We learned it was likely that a number of lives had been lost and deaths had been caused because our veterans didn’t get to see the doctor they should have gotten to see; they didn’t get the health care they earned as veterans and deserved. This summer, after a year of working to make this better, we found out that the wait list of people waiting more than 30 days at the VA system to see a doctor was now 50 percent longer than it was last year. I thought about that a little bit and I thought, well, maybe it was just 50 per-cent longer than it was last year, be-cause one thing they found out was the wait-list wasn’t really reflective of the real wait-list. The kind of progress we hoped to have made we don’t appear to be making yet. 
Last year the Congress passed a law 
to give veterans more choice. It was passed on a broad bipartisan basis. The Senate came together, the Congress came together to allow veterans to re-ceive their health care in non-VA fa-cilities if they couldn’t get that first appointment within 30 days or if they were more than 40 miles away from a 
facility. We tried this legislation this summer to put even more definition to that. Clearly, what the Congress means is 40 miles from a facility that can do what the patient needs to have done. If one needs to have a heart stint put in, just being 40 miles from a facility where they would take your blood pres-sure isn’t good enough. We will con-tinue to work to change veterans health care in a way that gives vet-erans more choices, I hope. 
What we found out is that Alaskan 
care is just not acceptable. We have to continue to keep focused on this. The bill we provided will create more choices. 
Last week I had one of the best con-
versations I have ever had with any-body at the Veterans Administration when I talked to the Under Secretary of Health—a new person in that job— Dr. Dave Shulkin, who spent his whole life in health care in the private sector managing hospitals outside of the Fed-eral Government. Dr. Shulkin should know what he is doing, and it certainly sounded to me as if he knew what he was doing. He understood the kinds of things the Congress hopes to see for our veterans and the VA system that need to happen. 
We talked about the fact that Con-
gress intends for veterans’ choice to mean exactly that—not ways for the Veterans Administration to find obsta-cles to choice but veterans’ choice. If you are a Federal Government health care provider, if you take Medicare pa-tients, you ought to be able to take veterans as patients. There shouldn’t be some long second process you have to go through to become qualified so that the veteran can see a doctor the veteran wants to see, the veteran can go to a hospital the veteran wants to go to, particularly if the VA can’t meet that need. 
In fact, the conversation I had with 
Dr. Shulkin was so good that for a lit-tle while, I thought maybe I had gotten the wrong number, that possibly I ac-tually had not called the Veterans Ad-ministration, because I have never had a conversation like that where some-body at the Veterans Administration not only knew what needed to be done but wasn’t afraid to compete to get the health care needs of veterans met. 
I talked to all our veterans groups in 
Missouri, or many of them—certainly the two big veterans groups—at their meeting this summer. I said: Many of you have had great experience with the VA. 
There are a lot of people at the VA 
who want to do everything they can to serve veterans in the best possible way. 
I said: But that is not good enough. 
All of you need to have had the best possible experience at the VA—not nec-essarily the best outcome but the best possible outcome. 
You know, all of our health care out-
comes aren’t what we would want them to be, but they ought to be everything they possibly should be. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.072 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7086 October 1, 2015 
Veterans shouldn’t have to drive past 
non-VA facilities that are equally ca-pable of providing their health care or more capable of providing their health care, and we are going to continue to work to see that that happens. Com-petition is a good thing. The best pos-sible place to go for your health care is a good thing. 
I want to come back to that briefly 
in a moment, but before I get there, I received a report on Tuesday from the Veterans Administration’s inspector general that frankly just said that the allegations about what was happening at the St. Louis facility, the John Cochran facility, were absolutely true, that a number of files had been changed to indicate that the consulta-
tion had been completed before it was ever had. I assume it does a lot for your performance numbers if you check the ‘‘completed’’ box before you see the patient, and that appears to be what was happening. We learned that there is not enough oversight there. We learned that at least one psychiatrist had received performance pay based on productivity data. The only thing wrong with the productivity data was that it wasn’t correct. I guess it is easy to look good if you are not backing that up with real facts. It is not ac-ceptable. It is inexcusable. 
Then we have a problem with leader-
ship at these facilities. At the John Cochran hospital in St. Louis—the big-gest hospital we have in our State—we have had seven temporary directors in 2 years. No matter how good some of those may have been, having seven temporary directors is a lot like not having any director at all. If you know somebody is going to be there for 14 weeks, or however long they are going to be there, and you know somebody else is coming, that obviously is not going to produce a good result, but that is happening. There are 30 vet-erans centers that don’t have perma-nent directors today. That is about 20 percent of all the facilities in the coun-try. One in five of our VA medical cen-ters doesn’t have a permanent director, and we need to do better. 
Supposedly the new Administrator of 
the Veterans Administration came in because he was a great manager. So far, I don’t see the results. If he needs more help from the Congress to be a great manager, we ought to figure out a way to give him more help. 
I believe competition is a good thing. 
The VA should be good and really bet-ter than anybody else at a few things. Nobody should be better than the VA in terms of dealing with post-trau-matic stress. Nobody should be better than the Veterans Administration when it comes to dealing with the re-sults of these IED attacks, the impro-vised explosive device attacks. Because of that, eye injuries should be some-thing the VA deals with very well. And nobody should be better than the VA at dealing with prosthetics or spinal cord injuries. 
Frankly, the Presiding Officer, as a 
doctor, would appreciate this. I don’t really know why we wouldn’t assume 
the VA would be the best place to spe-cialize in almost anything else. And if it is not the best place to go, it shouldn’t be the only place to go. 
The VA is probably not likely to be 
any better or as good as anyplace you would drive by to get your heart stint put in, to take care of your cancer problem, to work with your kidneys that are failing, to get even the basic health care of getting your blood pres-sure checked. Our veterans deserve more choices. 
There are lots of reasons the Con-
gress should be and is concerned about the way the Veterans Administration is working. It is clearly time for the Veterans Administration to get focused not on what is good for the Veterans Administration but on what is good for veterans. We owe it to our veterans. 
The report I got this Tuesday unfor-
tunately verifies almost every concern that people have had, and we need to insist that that be better. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
PROVIDING FOR OUR VETERANS  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to follow my colleague and friend from Missouri. I just want to mention—although I didn’t come to the floor to talk about what we are doing for veterans, let me take a minute or two to talk about what we are doing that we are actually proud of and then maybe touch on a couple of areas where we can do a better job. 
I myself am a veteran, a Navy mid-
shipman out of Ohio State who studied economics for 4 years and went on to become a naval flight officer. I served for 5 years in Southeast Asia as a naval flight officer and then as a P–3 aircraft mission commander for another 18 years until the end of the Cold War. I loved the Navy. I loved serving. 
I got an education—undergraduate 
and graduate school—and feel very privileged. I had the opportunity at the end of my Active-Duty tour to use the VA hospital very close to Wilmington, DE, in northern Delaware. I remember the first time I went there. I was of-fered some dental benefits, and my den-tist—a young dentist who was right out of dental school—told me the morale was pretty bad, and he said they didn’t do very good work. It was place where they had 16-bed wards. They didn’t do much in the way of outpatient surgery. The pharmacy was a mess. 
I said: Wouldn’t it be great to be in a 
position to do something about that and transform this place so it can be a health care delivery facility we can be proud of today? 
Do they do everything perfectly? No, 
they don’t. 
We have two satellite operations in 
Delaware. We have one in the Dover area, in the middle of our State, and we have another one in the southern part of the State, in Sussex County, which is Georgetown. I am very proud of those health care facilities. We call them outpatient clinics, CBOCS. The reason I mention that is because 
I was also eligible—coming out of the Vietnam war, along with other Viet-nam veterans—to get an education, to go to college, and in my case graduate school on the GI bill. In my generation, we received about $250 a month. At the time, I was happy to have every bit of it. I continued to fly with my Reserve squadron for another 18 years, and it was great to have that benefit. 
A couple weeks ago, our congres-
sional delegation—Senator C
OONS , Con-
gressmen C ARNEY , and Governor Jack 
Markell—sent 300 Delaware National Guard men and women off to Afghani-stan. We had a big sendoff ceremony for them. Their families were there. We had about 1,000 people. It was a big sendoff. 
As they left, I told them: When you 
come back, you are going to be eligible for a GI benefit that dwarfs what my generation received. 
They won’t get 250 bucks a month. If 
they serve a total of 3 years on Active Duty and serve in Afghanistan or Iraq for a period of time, here is what they will be eligible for: They can come back and go for free to the University of Delaware, Delaware City University, Wilmington University—pretty much any public college or university in America; tuition, books, and fees paid for; and if they need tutoring, that is paid for as well. On top of all that, they get a housing allowance of $1,500 a month. We received a GI benefit of $250. 
Not surprisingly, at the end of World 
War II, when my dad and my uncle served—in the Korean war, when my uncle served, and at the end of the Vietnam war, scam artists emerged to take advantage of the GI and tried to separate the GI coming back from com-bat—tried to separate the GI cash value benefits from the GI and some-times not to provide them with a very good education but to take advantage of the GI and the taxpayers. 
In about 1952, something called the 
85–15 rule was passed whereby at least 15 percent of the students enrolled in a for-profit college or university had to be there—their tuition paid for by some source other than the Federal Government. As it turns out, the 85–15 rule became the 90–10 rule, so that 90 percent of those who were enrolled were paid for by the Federal Govern-ment, but another 10 percent had to be paid for by someone else other than the Federal Government. Over time, that changed so that 90 percent of the reve-nues of a for-profit college or univer-sity could come from the Federal Gov-ernment but not the other 10 percent— except for the money that came from the GI bill to a college or university or from tuition assistance for people on Active Duty. That didn’t count against the 90 percent. At the end of the day, a for-profit college or university could get 100 percent of its revenues from the Federal Government. I don’t think that is a good thing. 
The system that was designed early 
on with the 85–15 rule and later the 90– 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.073 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7087 October 1, 2015 
10 rule was designed to try to make 
sure there were market forces that en-sured taxpayers and the GIs, the vet-erans would get a fair deal, get a good education, make sure they were treat-ed the way we would want them to be treated. 
There is a huge loophole in the 90–10 
rule, and it is a loophole we need to fix. We need to fix it. 
My colleagues who talked here ear-
lier today—including my colleague from Missouri—about the quality of VA health care—I want to say that we are providing the best health care by far in the history of our country. For too long, a number of our for-profit col-leges and universities and postsec-ondary-training programs have been taking advantage of GIs, taking advan-tage of the taxpayers, and it should stop. It should stop. 
Having said that, there are a number 
of for-profit colleges and universities and training programs that do a great job. They are not all bad actors. Some of them wear white hats. For them, good for you, and for those who are not, you need to change your ways. 
I didn’t come here to talk about that, 
but in the spirit of making sure we look out for our veterans, I thought I would mention that. 
TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE FUNDING  
Let’s take a look at some of the post-
ers here this afternoon. 
The first one looks like my State. It 
probably also looks like the Presiding Officer’s State. It could look like any of the States our pages are from. But this is a traffic jam. It is a traffic jam that occurs almost every day, almost every business day, and frankly a lot of weekends on highways across America from coast to coast. We spend a lot of time sitting in traffic. It is actually quite a substantial cost that inures to our Nation’s economy. The cost this year is believed to be about $160 billion, a hit on our national economy. I will talk in just a second about what that includes. 
Part of the waste that is reflected in 
our Nation’s economy is—you see right here it says ‘‘82 hours wasted in big city traffic.’’ That is per person, per driver, on average, across the country, big cities, people sitting—pretty much sitting in traffic. They could be in a minivan, they could be in a small car, a large car, they could be in a truck, but we are talking about 82 hours a year just pretty much sitting in traffic. 
The average across the country, 
when you take in the more rural parts of the country and suburban areas, is about 42 hours. That is a whole lot of time. Time is money. So just think about that. 
Here is one with a sense of humor. 
This is not Delaware. I am not sure where this is, but for those who can’t read this, it says—the traffic sign that is up here says: ‘‘You’ll never get to work on time. Haha.’’ It is some kind of construction program. You see the orange cones out there. Someone had a good sense of humor there. My guess is, the folks who maybe were working on 
the project had a good sense of humor. My guess is that for a moment it made the drivers smile but not for long, espe-cially if they sat in traffic long enough. Eighty-two hours a year, that is long enough. 
Not only is it expensive, a waste of 
time and money for us as individuals to sit in traffic for a long time, another 
part of the cost is caused by potholes and other problems with our roads. I think this is probably a bridge. It looks like it might be a bridge, but it is a construction project someplace. Here is a pothole. That is a bad pothole. In other parts—not too much in Dela-ware—I have seen in other States at least that bad and worse. 
What is going to happen, vehicles 
will come along, they will hit that pot-hole, and may damage their tires, they may have to replace a tire or two, they may have to get their front end re-aligned. That costs money. How much? Actually, believe it or not, just like Texas A&M has actually figured out on average we waste 82 hours a year as drivers, somebody else actually spent the time to figure out how much we spend on our cars, trucks, and vans in order to fix them during the course of the year because of potholes like this and other problems, whether it is the surface of the roads we travel on or the surface of the bridges we travel on. It is over $350. I have seen the range of anywhere from $350 per year to $500 per year. Let’s say it is just $350 a year. That is a lot of money. That is part of the cost of the damage to our economy. 
The other thing I would say, our 
economy today, as we all know, is a ‘‘just in time’’ economy. I will give you a good example. We have a port in Wil-mington that sits right on the Dela-ware River. As you come up the Dela-ware Bay, it becomes the Delaware River. The port that is closest to the Atlantic is the Port of Wilmington. Ships are coming in and out of there throughout the day, nights, and week-ends. The ships don’t come in and spend a week. Ships don’t come into the Port of Wilmington and spend a day. They may come in for 4 hours, they may come in for 6 hours, but they are there and then they are gone, be-cause when a ship is sitting in the Port of Wilmington or any other port, the shipper, whoever owns that boat, that ship cannot make any money. So they want to be in and they want to be out. That is the way they do their business. 
It is important for whoever is coming 
in using a truck to bring goods to put on that ship to send around the world, there may be a very short window of time to get there. If you are stuck in traffic, the kind of traffic we saw early on, you may miss that window when the ship is in the port, whether it is Wilmington or some other port. That is another reason why, in a ‘‘just in time’’ economy, these kinds of delays mean time is money. Again, someone else with a sense of humor—if you cannot read this, it looks like a husband and wife driving along in their car. His wife 
says: ‘‘Finally someone fixed that pot-hole.’’ Here is the pothole. There is a car down there. The guy driving looks like he is having a bad day, not just a bad hair day, a very bad day. 
A little humor there but not if you 
happen to be this guy, frankly—prob-ably not if you happen to be this guy, because if you are running over some-body else’s car in a pothole like this, the guy is going to spend a lot more than 350 bucks to repair his car and get it going again. 
We are not making this stuff up. 
There is a national association, I think it is civil engineers, people who spend their life’s work on transportation projects. Every year for years, they have given us a grade on what kind of shape our roads, highways, bridges, and transit systems are in. They could give an A, A-plus, A-minus, they could give a B, B-plus, B-minus, they could give a C, C-plus, C-minus or they could give a D-plus, D, D-minus. The last couple of years we have been right around D to D-plus. I think we are probably going down rather than going up. So what ev-erybody knows—just about anybody who drives in our country these days knows we are not investing in our roads, highways, bridges, and transit systems the way we need to. 
Look around the rest of the world, 
travel around the rest of the world. You can see in a lot of countries we compete with that they do. One of the components of certain investments we need to make in our country in order to strengthen our economy, to better ensure the jobs are going to be created or preserved—there a lot of things we can do to make sure businesses have access to capital, make sure the cost of energy is affordable, make sure the cost of health care is affordable, make sure we have public safety, make sure the people who are coming out of our schools can read, write, and have the skills that are needed in the workforce. 
I know the big one is to make sure 
we have the ability to move people and goods where they need to go, when they need to go. Here is our current plan. It is pretty well summed up in this sign. It is meant to be funny. I suppose it is. But I like this part of the plan: ‘‘Good luck.’’ That is not a plan. That is not a plan that is going to get us where we need to go as a nation. 
For those who may be unable to read 
this, there is a big traffic jam. A lot of people are saying—you see those little bubbles there—‘‘I’d pay to be anywhere but here.’’ 
I was Treasurer of Delaware. I stud-
ied economics, got an MBA, and was Treasurer of Delaware when I was 29. I had a chance to serve in the house for a while and then as Governor. I was very much involved in the National Governors Association in trying to make sure we invested in our transpor-tation infrastructure across the coun-try. In the Senate, I am on the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee. The last time I was privileged to serve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.074 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7088 October 1, 2015 
as chair of the Senate Subcommittee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
So I thought a fair amount about 
these issues. If you think about the way we pay for roads, highways, bridges, and transit, what we have used for years is a user pay system. The peo-ple, the businesses that use our roads, highways, bridges, and transit systems, we pay for them. In some places, we have sort of gotten away from that. There is an unwillingness to ask people to pay for what they want to use. Ev-erybody wants to have better transpor-tation systems. There seems to be a lot of reluctance to pay for that. 
When I was Governor of Delaware, 
three times I asked for modest—very modest—increases, just a couple of cents in the fee for gas and diesel tax. I think out of three efforts, we suc-ceeded one time. Not a whole lot was raised, but we cobbled together some other money from other user fees and we were able to continue to fund trans-portation funding. 
For a number of years in the Nation, 
we have had a transportation trust fund. Most of the money for that trans-portation trust fund comes from user fees, and two primary user fees are a gas tax. It has been about 18.3, 18.4 cents since, I think, 1993. It has been a little bit over 18 cents since 1993. It has not changed. The cost of concrete has gone up. The cost of asphalt has gone up. The cost of steel has gone up. The cost of labor has gone up. What has not gone up is the user fee we are asking people to pay to have better roads, highways, bridges, and transit to get people off our roads, highways, and bridges. If we can do that, we can save a lot of money. 
We have a tax on diesel—a Federal 
tax. It has been about 24 cents per gal-lon. It has been at that level since 1993—since 1993. Again, concrete, as-phalt, steel, and labor have all gone up, but in 22 years we have not changed the user fee, if you will, on diesel. 
The money we collect from the gas 
and diesel tax does not go to pay for health care, it does not go to pay for wars, it does not go to pay for agri-culture and other things. The money we collect from these user fees goes to pay for roads, highways, bridges, and to some extent for transit systems, to get people off our roads, highways, and bridges so the rest of us will have some extra room to maneuver. 
I will go back in time. Thomas Jef-
ferson said a lot of things that are worth remembering. My favorite Jef-ferson quote is this: ‘‘If the people know the truth, they won’t make a mistake.’’ 
If the people know the truth, they 
won’t make a mistake. The truth is, we are not investing in our transportation infrastructure in this country the way our competitors are and the way we ought to be. 
To do so does not mean we have to 
raise—in some places they have gas taxes or diesel taxes that are $4 or $5 a gallon. We don’t have that. It is 18 cents, and 24 cents for gas and diesel 
combined. If we had increased them by the rate of inflation in the past, the gas tax would be not 18 cents; it may be even closer to twice that. The diesel tax would not be 24 cents; it might be closer to twice that. But we have not changed them. 
Here is the way we pay for transpor-
tation improvements: We don’t pay for them. We don’t raise anything, in some cases. We just simply go out and bor-row money for the transportation fund from the Federal general fund. When the general fund runs out of money, we borrow money from countries around the world like China and other places and replenish the general fund, and use that to replenish the transportation fund. 
I think that is pretty foolish, espe-
cially to be beholden to the folks in China for our transportation system. It does not make a whole lot of sense to me, maybe it does not to you either. There are other things we do—we have these—I call them cats and dogs, sort of sleight of hand. One of the more re-cent examples, we do something called pension smoothing, where—I will not get into how that works, but it is just an awful idea to mess with, muck with people’s pensions in order to be able to provide funds for road improvements. That does not make much sense. 
Another thing we do is we maybe 
raise the TSA fees when people want to fly. Instead of using that to make our friendly skies safer, we put a little of that money in roads, highways, and bridges or maybe we sell some of the oil we have in our Strategic Petroleum Reserve. We paid a lot of money several years ago to buy gas, to buy oil when it was expensive. People think it would be a smart thing to sell that oil out of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, when prices are low, to help pay for roads, highways, and bridges. Remember the old saying ‘‘buy low, sell high.’’ Well, this is really buy high and then put that oil in the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve and then sell low. That is insan-ity. 
We can do a lot better than this. For 
a number of years, some have encour-aged us to do what we have been doing for years, to actually be honest and pay for improvements to our roads, highways, and bridges. And that is to raise the user fees—not all at once, not by $1 or $2 or anything like that, but by 4 cents a year starting next year for 4 years. Then after that index—then index the fees and the taxes on gas and diesel according to the rate of infla-tion. 
If we did that, I think we would have 
a combined State and Federal user fee, if you will, for gas. I think it would be at that time 53 cents. It would be about 53 cents. Compared to what? Compared to pretty much any other developed na-tion in the world, we would have the lowest combined Federal, State, and local user fees on gas and diesel. It is the lowest as far as I can tell. We can actually double that. We are not going to do that. We could actually double it 
again—we are not going to do that— from 53 cents to $1.06 per gallon. Again, I don’t suggest we would do that, but if 
we did, we would still be among the lowest compared to the rest of the world. 
Sometimes we say: Well, 16 cents— 
what could I buy with that? If I didn’t have to pay 4 years from now an extra 16 cents when I buy a gallon of gas, what would that add up to in a week for the average driver? 
I will tell you this—maybe brings it 
home—basically the price of a cup of coffee a week is the cost that would be incurred by the average driver even after the full increase, the 4 cents times 4 years. That is what it is worth. That would be the out-of-pocket ex-pense for the average driver, the price of a cup of coffee a week. 
We saw earlier from some of these 
charts that, on average across the country, people are sitting in traffic for 42 hours per year. We saw some of the graphics with the pothole and were reminded that the cost of damage to our cars, trucks, and vans is anywhere from $350 to some estimates as high as $500. We are learning that for the price of a basic cup of coffee, if we invest that money instead—people can still drink coffee, but if we put that in our roads, highways, bridges, and transit systems, we can have a transportation system we can be proud of. Those four pennies add up over time, and they add up over the next 10 years to $220 billion to have for investments. So instead of having roads or potholes that look like the one I saw and the kinds of traffic jams we see here from coast to coast, we can have a transportation system again in this country we can be proud of. We just have to have the will to do it. 
Again, Thomas Jefferson reminded us 
that things that are worth having are worth paying for, and if people know the truth, they won’t make a mistake. Roads, highways, bridges, transit—that is what we are paying for. The truth is, it doesn’t have to break us. It doesn’t have to break our banks or our budg-ets. We can have those roads, high-ways, and bridges again that we can be proud of. I hope we will do that. 
Senator D
ICKDURBIN of Illinois and I 
have introduced legislation to essen-tially do that, to raise the user fees by 4 cents a year for 4 years, at a time when the price of oil is as low as it has been for some time and is expected to stay low for the foreseeable future. 
If the Iranians work with us and the 
other five nations that negotiated the Iranian agreement in order to gradu-ally lift sanctions from their economy, they will be able to start producing oil and selling it across the world as long as they agree not to create that nu-clear weapon. We are going to make sure they don’t. 
But it turns out that Iran is the No. 
4 nation in the world in oil reserves. Think about that. We live in a world that is awash in oil. Very soon, the Ira-nian oil will be added to the oil that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.075 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7089 October 1, 2015 
available to consumers to use on this 
planet of ours. All that oil will not push up the price of oil or gasoline or diesel; it will push it down—supply and demand. Let’s keep that in mind. 
With that, I have spoken for long 
enough. I see one of my colleagues has been waiting patiently, and I will bid you all adieu. Have a good weekend. Thank you. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
MILCON -VA APPROPRIATIONS BILL  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to say a few words about the bill that we voted on this afternoon and put it into a broader context. This was the bill to begin the vote and debate on the Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs Appropriations bill, which passed out of the Appropriations Committee in a strong bipartisan vote. 
There has been a lot of talk and a lot 
of stories in the media over the last several weeks about the government running out of money, a government shutdown. In a lot of those stories, the narrative talked about the Republican Party being the one focused on a gov-ernment shutdown. The media actually loves this narrative, but, like a lot of narratives in the media, they are not always so accurate. So I wanted to give what I think is the much more accu-rate story, what is really going on here in the Senate. 
Many of us are new Senators—the 
Presiding Officer and myself included— 13 of us, actually. A lot of us came to Washington and a lot of us actually ran for the Senate because we were fed up. We thought the American people were fed up; we knew they were fed up with the dysfunction of the Federal Govern-ment. There are a lot of examples of that. You know many of them. 
In the last several years we have run 
the debt of our Nation from $10 trillion to $18 trillion. Think about that. Look-ing at these interns here on the floor, that is going to be their responsibility if we don’t get ahold of that—$18 tril-lion. An economy that can’t grow is what we call the new normal here in Washington, 1.5 percent, 2 percent GDP growth. No budget. The previous Sen-ate was not even passing a budget—the most basic function of government. Households do it, businesses do it, and States do it. The Federal Government was not even taking the time to pass a budget. There were no appropriations bills, no spending bills out of the Ap-propriations Committee. These were all signs of a Federal Government that was not working, that was dysfunc-tional. 
So we came with the new majority, 
new leadership committed to change this. We meant to change this. We were very focused on changing this, and we have begun in a serious way to do that. What are we doing? First, we passed a budget. It hadn’t happened in years, but we did that. It was a lot of hard work. My hat is off to the Budget Com-mittee. We took what was the Presi-dent’s budget, 10-year budget, and 
slashed that by $5 trillion to $7 trillion in terms of spending. We didn’t raise taxes. 
Then the next step—what the govern-
ment is supposed to do—we started to work on appropriations bills in the Ap-propriations Committee. Again, this was very hard work, very bipartisan work, and for the first time in years, the Appropriations Committee passed out 12 appropriations bills to fund our government. 
Most of these were very bipartisan. 
Let me give you a few examples. The Agriculture appropriations bill passed out of the Appropriations Committee 28 to 2. It doesn’t get much more bipar-tisan than that. The Commerce-Jus-tice-Science appropriations bill passed 27 to 3; Energy and Water, 26 to 4. This is strong bipartisan work in the Appro-priations Committee with our govern-ment getting back to work. 
The dysfunction that had previously 
existed here for many years—none of this was happening—was going away, and we were working. Very impor-tantly, in terms of appropriations bills, the Defense appropriations bill passed out of the committee 27 to 3, and the Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs appropriations bill, 21 to 9. 
So we passed a budget, passed appro-
priations bills—so far so good. The Sen-ate is working again. We are back to regular order. We are moving forward in a bipartisan way—very bipartisan. We are doing the work of government. It is what the American people wanted, asked for, and we are starting to de-liver on that as part of our promises last fall. 
So what is the next step? The next 
step is to take these appropriations bills and bring them to the Senate floor for a vote. It shouldn’t be a prob-lem, particularly because the bills I am talking about are so bipartisan. They came out of committee with bipartisan numbers and support, so that is what we are doing. That is what is we have done. That is what we are supposed to do. That is what the American people want us to do. 
We started to prioritize. Where 
should we begin? Turn on the news. I think most people know where we should begin—funding our military, the men and women protecting us, the men and women risking their lives on a daily basis for our freedom. 
So we brought the Defense appropria-
tions bill to the Senate floor. Again, we certainly need that. One gets the sense that the world is careening into chaos. We need a strong military. We need to fund our military. It shouldn’t be an issue. It passed out of committee with a strong bipartisan vote. Everybody likes to make sure we have a strong military. 
So what happened? We brought it to 
the floor of the Senate and it was fili-bustered, not one but two times. That is irresponsible—filibustering the de-fense of our Nation, defunding the sup-port for our troops. So that brings us to what we did 
today. We turn to another appropria-tions bill—Military Construction and Veterans Affairs appropriations— again, a very bipartisan bill. It is very focused, building military infrastruc-ture throughout our country, through-out the world. One of the most sacred responsibilities of this body, of our government is taking care of our vet-erans. 
This is a huge issue for my State. 
Alaska boasts the highest number of veterans per capita of any State in the Nation, and we need to take care of our best. So what happened today? It seems pretty noncontroversial. The appro-priations bill—a very nonpartisan bill—came to the floor, and it was fili-bustered again. 
In the past few weeks, we have had 
critical votes to fund our military, to fund our troops, to fund our veterans, and we cannot move forward. What is going on here? I really don’t know. It is hard to say. I sit on the Armed Serv-ices Committee. I sit on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. These are two of the most bipartisan committees in the Senate. I know all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle truly respect, truly support our troops and our vet-erans, and truly want what is best for them. I recognize that. 
Then why is the other side filibus-
tering the funding of these incredibly important bills, in essence defunding our troops and defunding our veterans? I think the American people deserve answers. I think our veterans deserve answers. I think our troops in harm’s way deserve answers. 
One thing for sure is the next time 
the media wants to write a story with a narrative about a government shut-down, they ought to ask those who voted against these bills—to even start debating them—why they are defunding these critical groups and veterans. They need to ask those who are voting against these bills, filibus-tering these bills, why they are leaving our troops and our veterans in the lurch. 
Mr. President, we are doing our job— 
what the American people asked us to do, demanded from us last November. They wanted us to pass a budget like they do, even though we hadn’t done that in years. We did. They wanted us to pass appropriations bills and to work in a bipartisan manner to get these bills through the committee—all 12 to fund the government. We did. And they wanted us to prioritize our spend-ing, our activities, and our focus in terms of government funding on the things that matter most—our military and our veterans. And we did. 
I have no idea why our colleagues on 
the other side of the aisle refuse to move with us in terms of the next step. The American people want the next step. They want the Senate to vote on these bipartisan bills that fund our military and fund our veterans. Today, once again, we are seeing that is not happening. I think the American peo-ple need answers, I think our troops 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.077 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7090 October 1, 2015 
need answers, and I think our veterans 
need answers on why it is not hap-pening. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL KINSHIP CARE MONTH 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, last 
night, this body approved a resolution authored by Senator W
YDEN and myself 
designating September 2015 as National Kinship Care Month. 
While many may not be aware, there 
are approximately 2,700,000 children living in kinship care around this coun-try. That means millions of grand-parents, aunts, uncles, and other rel-atives are looking after children in every urban, rural, and suburban coun-ty of the United States. 
These caregivers have stepped for-
ward, often at great personal expense, out of love and loyalty to care for chil-dren during times in which biological parents are unable to do so. They pro-vide safety, promote well-being, and es-tablish stable homes and environments for extremely vulnerable children dur-ing very challenging circumstances. 
They serve in a time of upheaval and 
great change for these children, assist-ing them to recognize their self-worth and potential. 
Kinship care also enables the chil-
dren to maintain family relationships and cultural heritage as they continue residence in the native community of the child. 
This resolution sends a clear message 
that the Senate is proud of and wishes to honor these everyday heroes, kin-ship caregivers, who throughout the history of the United States, have pro-vided loving homes for parentless chil-dren. 
It is my hope that National Kinship 
Care Month can provide each of us with an opportunity to recognize and cele-brate the sacrifice and devotion of kin-ship caregivers. And while there is still a great deal of work we can do to en-sure that all children have a safe, lov-ing, nurturing, and permanent family, regardless of age or special needs, kin-ship care providers exhibit a template of care and sacrifice that should be pro-vided for every child in this great coun-try. I am very proud of this resolution 
and this acknowledgement, and I thank my colleagues for giving it their unani-mous support. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID WOLK 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to 
take a moment to recognize the achievements and contributions of a remarkable educator, a personal friend, and a celebrated leader in my home State of Vermont. 
For decades, David Wolk has success-
fully distinguished himself as an edu-cator and public servant to the people of Vermont. Now in his 11th year as president of Castleton University, for-mally known as Castleton State Col-lege, David likes to call Castleton ‘‘the small college with a big heart.’’ As the longest serving president in its history, he has increased the college’s involve-ment in the community and has ex-panded the university’s commitment to civic engagement and service among students and faculty alike. His per-sonal commitment to his hometown of Rutland, VT, is evidenced through his service as a former State senator and current role as a local justice of the peace. 
As David has emboldened Castleton’s 
primary mission to serve Vermonters, the institution has forged new partner-ships and expanded its opportunities to reach far beyond its footprint in Rut-land County. David’s leadership is cur-rently enabling the Castleton Polling Institute, which conducts surveys for Vermont politicians and media outlets, to expand to a national audience. Meanwhile, the Castleton Center for Schools continues to serve hundreds of Vermont educators by offering ad-vanced continuing education opportu-nities each summer. Under his leader-ship, Castleton athletics has expanded from 12 sports at his inauguration to 27 varsity offerings, enabling Vermont students to play Division III sports. Most recently, David has provided the vision and guidance for Castleton to undergo its own transformation as the college seeks to grow its prestige and opportunities as newly named Castleton University. 
David held a distinguished career in 
education even before stepping foot at Castleton. He served as chief of policy for former Vermont Governor Howard Dean and as the Vermont commis-sioner of education. Dedication to his native community of Rutland may also be witnessed by his impressive resume as a school principal, superintendent of the Rutland City Public Schools, a guidance counselor and teacher, and a college instructor. He has also served as a member of numerous boards, in-cluding the Vermont Business Round-table, the Vermont Public Education Partnership, and the Vermont Student Assistance Corporation. In recognition of these achievements, he received the 2009 Eleanor M. McMahon Award for Lifetime Achievement from the New England Board of Higher Education. If his career is not inspiration 
enough, David’s commitment to family surely is. The proud father of four chil-dren, David led his family through the celebration of the life and legacy of his wife, Diane, when she passed away this summer, nearly a decade after being di-agnosed with early onset Alzheimer’s. A lifelong educator herself, Diane and David, together, gave more to their community than most. And David’s compassion and commitment to Diane leaves a lasting impression on those of us who call him a friend. Marcelle and I admire him. 
In recognition of David Wolk’s serv-
ice and resiliency, I ask unanimous consent that Terri Hallenbeck’s article from the August 26, 2015, edition of Seven Days be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From Seven Days, Aug. 26, 2015] 
RESILIENT DAVID WOLKCHAMPIONS  
CASTLETON UNIVERSITY  
Between the playing fields that serve the 
Castleton Spartans, a marble monument tells the story of the Greek king Leonidas and how he bravely resisted an army of in-vaders. 
David Wolk chose the 22,000-pound stone 
from a Rochester quarry and had it polished and engraved in Barre. As Castleton’s long-est-serving president and its cheerleader-in- chief, he hoped the monument’s message, ti-tled ‘‘Spartan Pride,’’ would inspire stu-dents. He installed it six years ago, just after the college football team’s inaugural season in a brand-new stadium. 
Players quickly made the monument the 
focus of a new Castleton tradition, stopping to touch it on their way to practices and games. It offers no guarantees of victory on the field but is an apt symbol for the little college’s fighting spirit to survive—and make a name for itself—in the increasingly competitive world of higher education. 
For the past 14 years, Wolk has labored to 
transform Castleton from a tiny, isolated college into a growing university with ade-quate funding, marketable programs and sat-isfied students. Last month, it got a new name: Castleton State College became Castleton University. 
‘‘Not a lot of colleges are planning on in-
creasing their enrollment these days,’’ said Vermont State Colleges chancellor Jeb Spaulding, who oversees Castleton and four other state colleges. ‘‘Dave’s different. His plan is, ‘I’m building something that’s at-tractive.’’’ 
‘‘He’s the pied piper of Castleton and Rut-
land County.’’ 
Just as impressive is the fact that 62–year- 
old Wolk managed to remake Castleton while he waged another, personal battle. Be-neath the engraved tale of the Spartan king, there’s a hint at that story, too. In small type at the bottom of the rock, it reads, ‘‘In honor of Dr. Diane Wolk.’’ 
Wolk’s life is so intertwined with his work 
at Castleton that he brought in this monu-ment, at his own expense, not just to create a Castleton tradition, but as a tribute to his wife. Diane Wolk was a longtime teacher, school principal, chair of the State Board of Education and one-time director of student teaching at Castleton. She was diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer’s disease in 2007, on her 57th birthday, four years after she first started noticing symptoms. 
David Wolk watched in awe as his wife ac-
cepted her fate and even strove to demystify 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.079 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7091 October 1, 2015 
the cruel disease. In 2008, she rallied 400 
friends to take part in a ‘‘Walk With Wolk’’ Alzheimer’s fundraiser, and, while the dis-ease had already started to affect her mind, she addressed the crowd. Quoting Lou Gehrig, she said she felt like the luckiest person in the world. 
‘‘She just stood up and was very brave,’’ 
Wolk recalled. ‘‘The monument is a testa-ment to a woman who had a lot of courage.’’ Diane Wolk died last month. 
‘‘
THE CASTLETON WAY ’’ 
Tony Volpone was the football coach for 
opposing Endicott College when his team vis-ited Castleton State College in 2013. Endicott defeated Castleton 43–7 that day, but the ‘‘losing’’ side left an indelible impression on Volpone. 
He saw a stately new stadium filled with 
an enthusiastic crowd, a marching band, fans holding tailgate parties in the parking lot, a bouncy house for kids. And at the end of the game, the team locked arms and led the crowd in the singing of the alma mater. 
‘‘I was so impressed with what I saw,’’ 
Volpone said. ‘‘It made me go, ‘Wow, I could really see myself here.’’’ A year later, he be-came Castleton’s head coach. Volpone cred-its Wolk for the scene that sold him. 
For most of those home-game Saturdays, 
Wolk is in the crowd, beaming, with his soon-to-be-96-year-old father, Arthur. ‘‘It’s a beautiful thing,’’ he said. It’s what Wolk en-visioned when he became Castleton president in 2001 and set in place a 10-year plan to boost the college’s profile. 
Wolk was uniquely positioned when he 
took the job running the public college in his native Rutland County. The son of a local pediatrician, he graduated from Rutland High School and Middlebury College and went on to a career as a teacher, principal and school superintendent. Wolk also rep-resented Rutland County for four years in the state Senate, made an unsuccessful bid for lieutenant governor in 1992 and served as chief of policy for governor Howard Dean be-fore becoming state education commissioner. 
By the time he took over at Castleton, he 
had experience navigating educational and political waters. Wolk also brought bound-less optimism and salesmanship to the job. 
Zachary Devoid of St. Albans, a senior 
computer information systems major and la-crosse player at Castleton, remembered meeting Wolk at the start of his freshman year. The president hosts a barbecue for new students every year at his on-campus house. Later, when Devoid’s lacrosse team was holding an all-night fundraiser in memory of a student, Wolk came by with pizza. 
‘‘He eats in the dining halls. He goes to 
sporting events,’’ Devoid said. ‘‘He’s very personable.’’ 
‘‘At orientation last year, he shook 
everybody’s hand and introduced himself. It was really cool,’’ said Cassie Papandrea, a senior English major from Orwell who was on campus last month getting ready for this year’s orientation. 
Spaulding said he visited Wolk at 
Castleton recently and went off on his own to the gym. When he returned to Wolk’s house, he said, ‘‘I asked him, ‘How come all these students look me in the eye and open the door for me?’ He said, ‘It’s the Castleton way. They have to open doors for people, and they have to pick up trash.’’’ 
In fact, there’s no rule about acting re-
sponsibly, but Devoid said the campus is so close-knit that people just do. 
Wolk has created a campus atmosphere 
that makes students want to stay, said Scott Giles, president of Vermont Student Assist-ance Corp., whose organization administers college loans and interacts with a wide vari-ety of colleges. Although its student-reten-tion rate hasn’t budged much in the last dec-
ade—it’s average, at 73 percent—Castleton’s six-year graduation rate has climbed by nearly 10 percent. Enrollment has grown from 1,598 in 2000 to 2,183 last year. The goal is to reach 2,500 by 2023. 
Students, faculty and outsiders have no-
ticed a difference. 
‘‘Castleton has been one of the real success 
stories,’’ Giles said, likening its emergence to Champlain College’s transformation from a two-year to a four-year school a decade and a half ago. 
‘‘Dave has been really, really successful in 
taking an institution that had a reputation as something of a suitcase college—where you can get a solid degree but you leave to do other things on the weekend,’’ Giles said. ‘‘What he’s really done is transform the cam-pus. It’s a community that meets a student’s full range of needs.’’ 
DOUBLE DUTY  
Not every faculty member was convinced 
Castleton needed football, according to Louis ‘‘Tersh’’ Palmer, a union rep and English professor. Some ‘‘would like to see more emphasis on academics,’’ he said, and ‘‘throw all the rest of that stuff out.’’ 
The football program has had some prob-
lems. In 2011, its first coach was forced to re-sign after allegedly violating National Colle-giate Athletic Association rules by arrang-ing loans for an athlete. In 2013, six players were suspended from the team following a scheme to steal sporting goods from a store. 
In both cases, Wolk publicly acknowledged 
the fumbles and recovered the ball. ‘‘We will stay positive and upbeat as we move forward together as a family,’’ he said in response to the 2013 case. 
He took the same approach to his wife’s ill-
ness. Diane Wolk, who’d been named the state’s teacher of the year in 1984, was the popular principal of Rutland’s Northeast Pri-mary School when Alzheimer’s began to manifest itself. In his Woodruff Hall office, Wolk keeps a photo of her 2006 retirement; it shows his wife surrounded by smiling chil-dren—a happy spin on a somber moment. 
Wolk likes to focus on the positive. He 
hands out cards printed in Castleton green that say, ‘‘Keep smiling.’’ And, amazingly, it works. 
He tried to follow his own advice during 
the nine-year ordeal that Wolk calls the ‘‘long goodbye.’’ But he also acknowledged it’s been a roller-coaster ride. Asked how he managed the double duties of handling his wife’s illness and raising the college’s pro-file—two long but very different journeys— Wolk said candidly, ‘‘I didn’t.’’ 
He relied on his team at Castleton, he said, 
and there were times he considered quitting to become his wife’s full-time nurse. But as the disease progressed, Wolk realized she needed professional care. Diane had chosen to move to Florida, where she could partici-pate in Alzheimer’s research and access dif-ferent levels of specialized care. Wolk said his wife actually preferred being far away be-cause it spared her friends and colleagues the pain of watching her decline. ‘‘She didn’t want to make them sad,’’ he said with admi-ration. But for Wolk, who visited many weekends, it was a long haul. 
‘‘I think it’s been very difficult,’’ said 
Spaulding, who served in the state Senate with Wolk in the 1980s. ‘‘But I think Castleton University is part of his family. It’s part of what’s enabled him to continue.’’ 
Wolk confirmed that Castleton was his sal-
vation during that decade of decline. ‘‘I was able to dive into the college,’’ he said. ‘‘It gave new meaning to my life.’’ 
Castleton had 12 athletic teams when Wolk 
arrived on campus. It now has 27, which is more than any other Vermont state college or the University of Vermont. The school is 
providing Vermont students with an oppor-tunity to play college sports in their home state. And they’re tuition-paying students. Because it is Division III, Castleton doesn’t offer athletic scholarships. 
The school has added a lot more than 
sports teams. It has invested more than $75 million in new construction and renovations to every building on campus. The college has gone from offering one master’s degree to 10, with plans to add doctorates in education and nursing practice. 
While some Vermont state colleges have 
endured layoffs, Castleton has avoided them, according to Wolk. The college does plan to cut one program next year, though: its asso-ciate’s degree in nursing, a program that Vermont Technical College offers. 
Wolk has also launched a variety of brand-
ed initiatives that are generating revenue: The Castleton Polling Institute, which con-ducts paid surveys for Vermont politicians and media outlets, is expanding and going 
national; the Castleton Center for Schools brought 800 Vermont teachers to campus this summer for continuing education; the Castleton Downtown Gallery showcases art— and the Castleton name—in downtown Rut-land. The university also owns the Spartan Arena at Rutland’s Diamond Run Mall, a public operation that gives students real- world business experience. The college bought the building to accommodate its men’s and women’s hockey teams, which Wolk started in 2003. When they aren’t prac-ticing or playing there, it’s a rental rink and fitness center. 
The income-generating programs have 
been developed in response to a shrinking pool of college-age students and declining state funding. Vermont routinely ranks near the bottom in state support for its public colleges. This year, Vermont State Colleges will receive $24.4 million from the state, which is split equally among the five col-leges. Castleton’s allotment pays just 10 per-cent of its budget. 
‘‘We’re getting less money from the state 
this year than we got in 2008 or ’09,’’ Wolk said, and he knows enough about Vermont politics to realize that is unlikely to change anytime soon. 
The name change is also intended to coun-
teract the lack of state funding. Wolk said he hopes Castleton University will attract more out-of-state students, who pay higher tuition. Currently, 74 percent of its students are in-staters. By 2023, Castleton’s goal is to have a 60–40 in-state versus out-of-state split. Wolk said Castleton’s main mission re-mains to serve Vermonters but will reflect the reality that there are fewer college-age students in the state. Castleton’s other pro-grams within the community, including the polling institute and the Spartan Arena, are examples of other ways it’s contributing to the public good. 
Particularly for international students 
who equate the word ‘‘college’’ with high school, the ‘‘university’’ designation should send a clearer message. Castleton had 25 stu-dents from other countries last year and ex-pects 50 this year, Wolk said. The college upped its overseas admissions efforts by hir-ing a Chinese-American recruitment coordi-nator and making two trips to China last year, he said. As part of a residency, 13 Chi-nese scholars are due on campus this fall. 
During the 15 years he’s taught at 
Castleton, English prof Palmer has seen en-rollment and programs expand and the qual-ity of students grow. ‘‘There really has been an improvement in morale, in offerings,’’ he said. Football, he acknowledged, helped. 
WHAT ’S IN A NAME CHANGE ? 
As Vermont’s colleges struggle with dwin-
dling resources and occasional layoffs, can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.023 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7092 October 1, 2015 
the state afford to keep all five alive—plus 
the University of Vermont? In a recent com-mentary, Hinesburg author Bill Schubart took on the issue, arguing, ‘‘Vermonters can’t adequately fund six colleges in a time of declining enrollments.’’ He contended that renaming Castleton was not the answer. 
‘‘I really doubt that their new name will do 
much to solve the enrollment and cost chal-lenges facing all our small state colleges, to say nothing of our students,’’ he said. 
Spaulding, who took over as chancellor 
last year, said he’s heard all of those argu-ments before, but he sees no reason to con-solidate. ‘‘We actually need the colleges we have,’’ he said. 
Spaulding argued that Castleton’s name 
change will be good for all of them, adding that none of the other college administrators objected. 
Each of the state colleges has—and should 
have—its own identity, Spaulding said. Lyn-don has the largest percentage of out-of- staters, a strong meteorology program and an innovative electronic journalism pro-gram. Johnson is known for external degrees for nontraditional students, social service programs and the performing arts. The bread and butter of Vermont Technical College is its two-year engineering degree. Community College of Vermont offers an affordable start for students of all ethnicities and socio-economic backgrounds. 
Castleton’s specialty is being less special-
ized. ‘‘It’s a small university that has a ro-bust graduate program combined with broad academic programs,’’ Spaulding said. ‘‘It’s the only public higher ed institution in Vermont with a football team, and it’s got a very lively campus.’’ 
Wolk acknowledged that the name change 
is really about perception. 
When Richard Stockton College of New 
Jersey became Stockton University this year, the goal was to ‘‘raise the school’s pro-file, helping it attract faculty, students—es-pecially graduate and international stu-dents—and raise funds,’’ the Philadelphia In-quirer reported. 
Massachusetts state colleges changed their 
names in 2010, though they retained the word ‘‘state,’’ so that Bridgewater State College became Bridgewater State University. 
Castleton students are buying into the idea 
that Castleton University carries just a lit-tle bit more prestige. ‘‘It means we’re ex-panding, we’re growing,’’ said Papandrea. 
‘‘It’s going to help the college bring in 
more students,’’ Devoid said. It might look a little jazzier on his re ´sume´, too, he said. 
For Wolk, the name change marks a major 
milestone for Castleton, which has actually had seven other appellations since 1787: It’s been Rutland County Grammar School, Vermont Classical High School, Castleton Seminary, State Normal School at Castleton, Castleton Normal School and Castleton State Teachers College. The Castleton State College designation dates to 1962. 
‘‘Modernizing our name reflects who we’ve 
become and who we aspire to be,’’ he said. ‘‘It’s a wonderful turning point for a wonder-ful institution.’’ 
The idea for the name change emerged two 
or three years ago as Castleton administra-tors crafted Wolk’s second 10-year plan. Al-though he was a driving force behind it, the visionary president had to miss some of the meetings that made it happen, during which his staff pitched the idea to the Vermont State College committees. In the last few months, as his wife’s health worsened, he spent more time in Florida than Vermont. He was with Diane when she died there on July 4. 
‘‘Our goal was that her death be peaceful 
and painless,’’ he said. ‘‘It was that.’’ In the weeks after, Wolk received hundreds of mes-
sages from his wife’s former students, col-leagues and friends telling him how much Diane had meant to them. 
‘‘Kids just loved her,’’ said David Blow, a 
Castleton journalism professor who had Diane as a first-grade teacher. His mother, Lucille, who taught alongside her at Barstow Memorial School in Chittenden, told her son that Wolk’s was the most difficult condo-lence card she has ever had to write. 
When the full Vermont State Colleges 
Board of Trustees gathered July 23 to make a final decision on the name change, David Wolk traveled to Montpelier for the meeting. ‘‘I just wanted to be there, because it was historic,’’ he said. The vote was unanimous. Word went viral as Castleton spokesman Jeff Weld announced the move on Twitter and Facebook, and the university’s website got more than 10,000 hits. 
Afterward, Wolk continued on to Bur-
lington to board a plane for Florida, where two days later family gathered for a celebra-tion of Diane’s life. In his eulogy, Wolk spoke about his wife’s courage. 
‘‘Her life was full of teachable moments, 
and this was the final one,’’ he said. 
Diane Wolk’s family members divided her 
ashes for each to scatter as he or she wished. The next week, Wolk returned to Castleton. That Friday afternoon, he and two of their four children went to the Spartan monument and spread her remains at the base of the rock that honors and encourages brave souls. 
f 
REMEMBERING DOUG KENDALL 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, this past 
weekend, I learned of the untimely passing of Doug Kendall, founder of the Constitutional Accountability Center. Doug was a true visionary who helped transform how the American public views our Constitution. Despite a re-cent movement to interpret our found-ing charter in a cramped manner that too often leaves our most vulnerable populations unprotected, Doug was able to serve as a forceful counter-weight and guardian of an inclusive, progressive, and faithful understanding of our National Charter, based on both the text and history of the document. 
Under his leadership, the Constitu-
tional Accountability Center revital-ized the debate over the original under-standing of the Constitution. Doug re-fused to cede the intellectual ground of originalism and textualism to conserv-ative advocates. Significantly, the or-ganization he founded was defined as much by its scholarship as its effective advocacy. 
Doug made myriad contributions to 
the world of law and policy, but I will point out just two. First, I asked him to testify in March 2010 before the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee on the Su-preme Court’s decision in Citizens United v. FEC because I knew that no one could better articulate the harm that the decision would cause to our democracy. As he eloquently testified before the Committee, ‘‘Since the Founding, the idea that corporations have the same fundamental rights as ‘We the People’ has been anathema to our Constitution. . . . Corporations do not vote, they cannot run for office, and they are not endowed by the Cre-ator with inalienable rights. ‘We the People’ create corporations and we pro-
vide them with special privileges that carry with them restrictions that do not apply to living persons. These truths are self-evident, and it’s past time for the Court to finally get this right, once and for all.’’ While the Court was unable to get it right in Doug’s lifetime, I believe his views will come to be vindicated in time. 
Second, this past year, I introduced a 
joint resolution with Senator M
IKELEE 
of Utah, celebrating the sesquicenten-nial or the 150th anniversary of the 13th Amendment, which, along with the 14th and 15th Amendments, make up our Nation’s ‘‘second founding.’’ The second founding, which has served as the bedrock and inspiration to pro-curing equality for racial minorities and women, has too often been over-looked by the general public and con-stitutional scholars. Doug and his or-ganization were the intellectual driv-ing force behind advancing this impor-tant resolution. His contributions to the world of law and policy will be sorely missed. 
As accomplished as he was as an ad-
vocate and scholar, Doug was an even better person. My staff met with him countless times and always came away inspired by his intellect and humanity. An article in the Washington Post from January 2008 about the historic en-dorsement that then-candidate and Senator Barack Obama received from Senator Ted Kennedy noted that Doug was there with his then 8-year old daughter, Miracle. Doug had pulled Miracle out of her elementary school that day so that she could experience the historic nature of the President’s candidacy and the bridge between former President Kennedy and future President Obama. He stated in the arti-cle that he wanted his daughter, Mir-acle, to be inspired. What she will come to know—if she does not already—is that her father’s life and his accom-plishments have helped to inspire a new generation. Doug Kendall has re-minded us about the ever-more inclu-sive story that is reflected in our Con-stitution. His life was cut short, but his vision—like the Constitution itself— will continue to endure and inspire. The Nation has lost a true patriot with his passing. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KING ARTHUR 
FLOUR 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, each 
year, it is with great pride that I par-ticipate in a reception here on Capitol Hill to showcase some of the best prod-ucts conceived, developed, and pro-duced in Vermont. One such company featured at the annual Taste of Vermont event is King Arthur Flour, where, for 225 years, generation after generation has produced quality cook-ing and baking ingredients. 
A firm that was born in Boston more 
than two centuries ago, in 1984 then- owners Frank and Brinna Sands moved King Arthur Flour to Norwich, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.023 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7093 October 1, 2015 
Vermont, and the company has become 
a staple in Vermont’s business commu-nity. In the 1990s, the Sands made the decision to sell their company to their employees. The returns have been con-siderable, and the company has seen growth ever since. 
In ways that are typical of Vermont 
businesses, King Arthur Flour has evolved into a quality company offer-ing quality products to its customers. The company’s business model reflects one that is committed to its cus-tomers, its employees, the environ-ment, and its community, even offering employees 40 hours of paid volunteer time to give back. Those commitments are backed up in its status as a cer-tified B Corporation, a designation that independently recognizes the com-pany’s social sustainability and envi-ronmental performance standards. 
From breads to cakes, cookies to 
pies, King Arthur Flour’s products have become staples in bakers’ kitch-ens across the country, including in the Leahy kitchen, where Marcelle reg-ularly shares her recipes with our grandchildren. In fact, many of our vis-its to the Upper Valley include a de-tour to King Arthur’s terrific cafe where all of their superb products are available. It is yet another example of a tried and true Vermont-based com-pany, revolutionizing and enticing the market with its quality products. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD an August 28, 
2015, article from the Burlington Free Press recognizing King Arthur Flour’s ‘‘225 years of baking history.’’ 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Burlington Free Press, Aug. 28, 
2015] 
KINGARTHUR FLOUR : 225 Y EARS OF BAKING  
HISTORY  
(By Susan Reid) 
Some 225 years ago George Washington de-
livered the first State of the Union address in January. In February, the U.S. Supreme Court met for the first time. Vermont itself wasn’t yet a state. According to King George, it belonged to New York, despite also being known as the New Hampshire Grants. 
In this world, miles away in Boston, a man 
named Henry Wood started a company that imported flour from England. The brand new United States of America numbered fewer than four million souls. Wood correctly as-sumed this growing country was going to need flour for baking, and his commitment to pure, high-quality flour fueled a success-ful business. 
ENTER JOHN LOW SANDS  
One of the early employees was John Low 
Sands, who joined the firm in 1820. It was the beginning of generations of Sands family as-sociation with, and eventual ownership of the company. Also a clue to how the com-pany came to be based in Vermont, as you’ll soon see. By 1853, the company was doing well enough to buy a large building on the Long Wharf in Boston. There, in the middle of one of the world’s busiest ports, the busi-ness continued to grow, taking on partners as it expanded. In less than 10 years the city of Boston had filled in the harbor around the wharf, and the company became landlocked without ever having moved. It stayed in the 
same spot, with the revised address of 172 State St. until 1904, when the company moved up the street to the Custom House. 
By 1895, the company was named Sands, 
Taylor, & Wood. The third generation of the Sands family to be part of the company, Orrin Sands, was its president. During this decade, roller milling was developed in Hun-gary. As a result, it was now possible to grind large quantities of wheat into flour very quickly. This led to a boom in flour pro-duction, as well as wild fluctuations in the quality of flour being produced. 
At the same time, George Wood and his 
business partners attended a musical play based on the story of King Arthur and his knights. They left the theater inspired by the realization that the values portrayed in the play exemplified what their company stood for: quality, integrity, purity, loyalty, strength, and dedication to a higher purpose. They resolved to rename their new flagship product, their all-purpose flour, after King Arthur. It was introduced at the Boston Food Fair in September 1896, and became an immediate success. The distinctive image of the medieval knight on his horse adorned the tops of 196 pound barrels of flour for the next four decades, until he started being printed on newfangled paper bags. 
In the 1920s King Arthur on his steed ap-
peared on the back of a flatbed calliope truck that roamed the streets of Boston and New York. In later decades the company gave scholarships to promising young profes-sional bakers, inserted collectible picture cards of American military ships, airplanes, and weapons in its flour bags during World War II, and after the war sponsored radio shows where ‘‘New England’s Food Expert’’ Marjorie Mills endorsed King Arthur Flour on the air. 
THE MOVE TO VERMONT  
The Sands family became the sole owners 
of the company in 1932, and in 1984, Frank (a Dartmouth alum) and his wife Brinna Sands moved the company to Vermont. Tired of lugging bags of flour to the post office to mail to retirees in Florida who couldn’t buy King Arthur outside of New England, Brinna started The Baker’s Catalogue in 1990. 
She also published the ‘‘200th Anniversary 
Cookbook,’’ which has sold well over 100,000 copies to date. 
In a pivotal move, Frank and Brinna de-
cided to sell the company to their employ-ees, launching King Arthurs Employee Stock Ownership plan. The company has seen steady growth since then. 
By 1999, the company officially changed its 
name to King Arthur Flour, and the Baker’s Catalogue was mailing six million cata-logues per year. Distribution of the flour to grocery stores up and down the East Coast was well established, and expanding steadily westward. In 2000, Vermont Gov. Howard Dean was on hand to break an oversized ba-guette in two to celebrate the opening of the bakery and school in Norwich. In 2004 the company became 100 percent employee- owned. 
With all of these changes, the principles 
that the company began with survived and thrived. In 2007, King Arthur Flour was a founding and certified B Corp. Its bylaws re-flect a commitment to all stakeholders, in-cluding the community and the environ-ment, as well as shareholders and business partners. 
Now a national brand known for its qual-
ity, customer service, and expertise in all things baking, King Arthur has grown both the brand and its service programs. Bake for Good: Kids teaches 8- to 12-year olds how to bake bread in a curriculum-based program that provides a community service compo-nent of giving a loaf back to someone in 
need. King Arthur has long had a policy of giving 40 paid hours of volunteer time to all employees, full- and part-time. 
King Arthur’s mission and personality is to 
be a resource for all bakers. It maintains a robust social media presence on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, and on its blog, Flourish. The website has thousands of tested recipes, and there’s a crew of baking experts on the Baker’s Hotline ready to answer any baking question, either by phone or via online chat. 
King Arthur is poised to further the quest 
for honest, homemade, local food, by pro-viding everything one needs to bake. Lucky for the company, and Vermont, that appetite is timeless, and a good apple pie is never going to go out of style. 
WHAT ’S BAKING IN NORWICH  
Baking classes: You can always come and 
take a class at the Baking Education Center in Norwich (no dishwashing required!). The calendar of classes for home bakers, kids, and professionals can be found at kingarthurflour.com/school. 
Cafe and bakery: The cafe and bakery are 
open daily 7:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. In September, the store’s demonstration kitchen will be showing all comers how to make their best pie crust and baking with apples and cin-namon, chocolate and pumpkin. 
Baker’s Conference. From Sept. 9 to Sept. 
12, King Arthur will sponsor its Third An-nual Baker’s Conference, Tasting Supper, and Harvest Festival at the King Arthur Baker’s Store and School in Norwich. 
The two-day conference features dem-
onstrations, hands-on classes, and breakout sessions with a roster of well-known bakers, authors, recipe developers, photographers and editors. 
The conference wraps up Friday evening, 
Sept. 11, with a Tasting Supper to benefit Hunger Free Vermont, from 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Local food and beverage establishments will offer samples, featuring fresh local foods and drink. 
The festival happens from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. 
on Saturday, Sept. 12, with hands-on activi-ties for kids, live baking competitions, en-tertainment, and great food. 
For more festival information, go to 
kingarthurflour.com/bakers-harvest. 
ABOUT KING ARTHUR FLOUR  
Celebrating its 225th Anniversary, King Ar-
thur Flour is America’s oldest flour company and premier baking resource, offering ingre-dients, mixes, tools, recipes, educational op-portunities and inspiration to bakers every-where since 1790. The company’s flour is available in supermarkets nationwide. Addi-tionally, more than 1,000 tested and trusted baking tools and ingredients are available through King Arthur Flour’s Baker’s Cata-logue, online at kingarthurflour.com and at The Baker’s Store in Norwich. 
f 
2030 AGENDA FOR SUSTAINABLE 
DEVELOPMENT 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise to 
address an important event that oc-curred this week at the United Na-tions, which is marking the 70th ses-sion of the United Nations General As-sembly, UNGA. 
Over the weekend, over 150 world 
leaders gathered at UNGA to adopt the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Develop-ment. This new 2030 Agenda for Sus-tainable Development is built on the progress achieved by Millennium De-velopment Goals, MDGs, which were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.040 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7094 October 1, 2015 
launched in 2000. The Millennium De-
velopment Goals brought together na-tions, businesses, international organi-zations, and foundations in a focused 
and coordinated effort to reduce pov-erty and disease by 2015. 
By any and every metric, the initial 
set of MDGs has resulted in tangible, concrete progress. One goal was to cut extreme poverty by half as measured by the proportion of people living on less than $1.25 a day. That goal was met 5 years ahead of schedule. Mean-while, maternal mortality was cut nearly in half. We’ve also made progress in global education, with a 20 percent increase in primary school en-rollment in sub-Saharan Africa and a nearly 50 percent decrease in the num-ber of out-of-school children of primary school age. When it comes to com-bating HIV/AIDS, we’ve made truly in-credible strides over the past 15 years. New HIV infections have dropped by 40 percent between 2000 and 2013, and the number of people living with HIV that were receiving antiretroviral therapy increased seventeenfold from 2003 to 2014. 
In some areas, like gender equality, 
we still have a long way to go. But we can cheer the fact that, in 90 percent of countries today, women have greater parliamentary representation than they did just 20 years ago. 
So there is no doubt that we’ve seen 
real growth around the world. Millions of lives have been saved and enriched. But we still have more progress to make. 
The old Millennium Development 
Goals have laid the groundwork for the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Develop-ment, which was adopted by the U.N. over the weekend. The new agenda sets out an ambitious global development framework that includes 17 Sustainable Development Goals. 
These new goals were negotiated 
with strong engagement by the U.S. government, business leaders, and civil society members over the last 3 years. American and international corpora-tions worked closely with the U.N. be-cause many businesses leaders cor-rectly believe that, to end extreme poverty and open new markets, we must increase government trans-parency, root out corruption, and ac-celerate inclusive economic growth. 
Many of these new goals focus on the 
areas where we hope to see additional progress, such as maternal and child health, environmental sustainability, and gender equality. But they also focus on good governance and corrup-tion. 
I am particularly pleased at the addi-
tion of goal No. 16, which is to ‘‘pro-mote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access to justice for all and build effec-tive, accountable and inclusive institu-tions at all levels.’’ Including that goal wasn’t easy—it was met by resistance from many other countries—but no one can ignore the fact any longer that good governance and anticorruption ef-forts are critical to development. Truly sustainable and inclusive de-
velopment depends on governments and institutions that are accountable and transparent and that respect human rights and deliver justice for every-body, not just some. The U.N. has noted that ‘‘lessons learned from MDG implementation showed the impor-tance of incorporating human rights, the rule of law and personal security to ensure progress towards development goals. Effective and inclusive govern-ance and robust institutional capacity are instrumental in achieving this.’’ 
The necessity of incorporating good 
governance and strong anticorruption measures in sustainable development efforts is most evident when we look at resource rich countries in Africa and the extraordinary development chal-lenges there. The Democratic Republic of the Congo, DRC, for example, is a country rich in minerals, water re-sources, and agricultural potential. And it has experienced high annual economic growth in recent years. Yet most of its people continue to live in extreme poverty. DRC’s progress on sustainable development is hindered by minimal central government control over large parts of the national terri-tory, poor transportation and elec-tricity infrastructure, the govern-ment’s inability to manage and mon-itor extraction of its natural resources, and broad governance problems includ-ing endemic corruption and barely functional state institutions. 
Without progress on justice and ef-
fective and accountable institutions, corruption will continue to infect gov-ernments around the world, like the DRC, creating greater economic and political instability, which often leads to violent conflict. 
The DRC is just one example of why 
we need goal 16. The desperate refugees streaming into Europe provide another sad example. Most of these people are coming from places where ordinary people have experienced long-term re-pression and other human rights abuses at the hands of deeply corrupt governments. Consequently, many of these countries are now consumed by violent conflict. Most of the people crossing the Mediterranean in rafts are fleeing wars in Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq, and Somalia. 
The Syrians are the largest group. 
They are fleeing a deadly combination of their own government’s indiscrimi-nate barrel bomb attacks on crowded markets, schools, and clinics; suffo-cating sieges; and atrocities committed by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, ISIS and other extremist groups. We know that only a minority of migrants arriving in Europe are motivated solely by economic betterment. 
As the world focuses on the wave of 
refugees and migrants arriving in Eu-rope, we must not lose our focus on the roots of this crisis. We must pay atten-tion to why these desperate men, women, and children are on the move. The misery of many of these refugees is the direct result of the conflicts and human rights abuses of governments 
that are ineffective or illegitimate, or both, and mostly likely corrupt. 
The 2030 Agenda for Sustainable De-
velopment Goals is remarkable for the historic inclusion of goal 16. It ac-knowledges the centrality of good gov-ernance and accountable and trans-parent institutions as prerequisites for sustainable development. If nations across the globe truly embrace goal 16, I am convinced we will also witness far fewer men, women, and children being forced to endure extraordinary misery, violence, displacement, and exploi-tation as refugees. Surely, that must be our collective goal. 
f 
RENAMING OF THE U.S. NAVAL 
ACADEMY ADMINISTRATION BUILDING FOR ADMIRAL CHARLES R. LARSON 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, this Fri-
day, October 2, 2015, the U.S. Naval Academy will honor ADM Charles R. Larson, class of 1958, by naming the ad-ministration building in his honor. Coming just a week before the Naval Academy celebrates its 170th anniver-sary, this is fitting tribute to man who has made such immeasurable contribu-tions to this fine institution. 
Chuck Larson grew up thousands of 
miles from the nearest ocean. However, the calling of the sea brought him to Annapolis and the start of a career dedicated to the service of this great Nation. It was at the Academy where I had the distinct pleasure of getting to know this great man. Chuck’s Acad-emy experience was somewhat dif-ferent than mine, where he would go on to become the brigade commander, president of the class of 1958, and grad-uate near the top of the class. I fin-ished some distance behind that mark. Even though our paths were different, I cherished our friendship forged in those shared Academy experiences, a friend-ship that would last a lifetime. 
After graduation in the summer of 
1958, Chuck would continue his exem-plary career, eventually attaining the rank of admiral. He has led at every level from command at sea to theater command, as commander of the 2nd Fleet, a Deputy Chief of Naval Oper-ations, commander of the Pacific Fleet, and finally as the commander of United States Pacific Command. Im-pressive as this resume was, the two jobs Chuck cherished most were his two tours as the Superintendent of the Naval Academy. 
As the only two-time Superintendent 
of the Academy in its 170-year history, Chuck left an indelible mark on the in-stitution he so loved. Returning from retirement in 1994 to lead the Academy after serious problems left the institu-tion with an uncertain future, Chuck focused on character development and fundamental leadership training to re-turn to the founding principles of the Academy. In 4 years, he returned the institution to greatness and, in the process, trained the officers that would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.057 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7095 October 1, 2015 
become the leaders in the fight against 
terrorism that would define a genera-tion. 
As a result of Chuck’s tireless efforts 
and the lasting initiatives he put in place, today the Naval Academy con-sistently ranks among the top schools in the Nation. His legacy of service to the Academy and the Nation will be felt in the decades to come as grad-uates from the institution become leaders in the military, government, and corporate venues. I can think of no better way to honor the legacy of Chuck’s service than with the rededica-tion of the administration building as Larson Hall. It will stand as an ever present reminder to the dedication and the ideals of great naval officer, leader, and dear friend. 
f 
NATIONAL MANUFACTURING DAY 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I 
join with my colleagues, led by Sen-ators C
OONS and B ALDWIN , to recognize 
the significant role manufacturing plays in the United States and in my home State of Rhode Island. According to facts compiled by the National Asso-ciation of Manufacturers, over 41,000 Rhode Islanders, nearly 9 percent of the workforce, work in manufacturing. Those workers were responsible for $4.1 billion in economic output, just under 8 percent of the State’s total output, in 2013. On average these workers brought in over $67,000 in annual compensation. 
Manufacturing is a highly technical 
and innovative industry that creates good-paying jobs for skilled workers. It is also an industry that is expanding; in Rhode Island manufacturing jobs have increased by 1,100 compared to a year ago. And just last week I joined a Rhode Island advanced manufacturer, Yushin America, Inc., to celebrate a ribbon cutting for its $2 million expan-sion. 
This sort of expansion is representa-
tive of the type of highly technical growth we see in manufacturing. More-over, these good-paying, highly-skilled, middle-class jobs are what will help further support widespread economic growth. That is why I look forward to celebrating National Manufacturing Day with the mayor of Providence and my delegation colleagues on Monday and continuing to work to advance measures that support manufacturers and job creation back home. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JEFFREY F. PANIATI 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
pay tribute to an outstanding civil servant and constituent, Jeffrey F. Paniati, executive director of the Fed-eral Highway Administration, FHWA, who is retiring after 32 years of Federal service. 
Jeff Paniati received his master of 
science degree in civil engineering from the University of Maryland. He joined FHWA in 1983 as a highway engi-neer trainee and rose through the ranks to join the Senior Executive Service in 2000 and eventually became 
executive director in April 2008. The ex-ecutive director, the number three offi-cial in FHWA, is the only civil service position in the agency that requires the approval of the President. As exec-utive director, Jeff assists the Federal Highway Administrator and Deputy Administrator in establishing policies, 
programs, and priorities for the $40 bil-lion annual Federal aid highway pro-gram. As FHWA’s chief operating offi-cer, he oversees a workforce of approxi-mately 2,900 transportation profes-sionals and an annual operating budget of $400 million. 
One of the biggest challenges Jeff 
faced came just months after he be-came executive director. The economic collapse in the fall of 2008 brought the country into the worst recession since the Great Depression of the 1930s. On February 17, 2009, President Obama signed the American Recovery and Re-investment Act, ARRA, into law. ARRA, also known as the stimulus act, authorized $26.6 billion for road and bridge projects that would create con-struction jobs to help the economy re-cover while providing transportation facilities to make our communities safer, greener, more livable, less con-gested, and economically stronger. This funding was in addition to the regular $40 billion a year Federal aid highway program. 
At the time, Jeff was the highest 
ranking FHWA official because the President had not yet nominated a new Federal Highway Administrator or Deputy Administrator. It fell to Jeff, serving as acting Deputy Adminis-trator, to ensure the agency was able to absorb the additional funds, deploy them to State and local officials for shovel-ready projects, ensure proper oversight of record numbers of projects, and help deliver the jobs the country so desperately needed. The re-sult was more than 13,000 highway and bridge projects across the country that put tens of thousands of people to work, in addition to the thousands of projects and jobs resulting from reg-ular program funds. All of this was ac-complished within ARRA’s deadlines, without any increase in staff by FHWA but with the full cooperation of State and local transportation officials under the familiar Federal-State partnership of the Federal aid highway program. 
President Obama remarked that 
there has never been a program of this scale, moving at this speed, enacted as effectively, and meeting such high standards of transparency and account-ability. The stimulus provided by im-plementation of the Recovery Act paved the foundation for the economic growth that has continued to this day. Many people deserve credit for this outstanding accomplishment, includ-ing FHWA employees around the coun-try, especially Jeff Paniati. 
Throughout Jeff’s earlier career in 
FHWA, he accumulated a diverse range of experience in helping to make Amer-ica’s transportation systems work safe-ly and efficiently. He served as chief of 
the safety design division, a research office helping to advance the state of the art in highway safety. As program manager for Intelligent Transportation Systems, ITS, he led the more than $100 million annual Federal ITS pro-gram. He directed day-to-day oper-ations of the ITS Joint Program Office, which focuses on bringing advanced communication and information sys-tem technologies to the management and operation of our Nation’s surface transportation system. At the time of his appointment as executive director, he was FHWA’s associate adminis-trator for operations; in this capacity, 
he provided national leadership in sys-tem management and operations, ITS deployment, and freight management. Throughout Jeff’s career, he has worked closely with the Transpor-tation Research Board, the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials, and ITS America—to name just a few of FHWA’s many partners and stake-holders. 
Jeff’s extensive experience through-
out the agency gave him the back-ground to move FHWA forward. He oversaw the successful implementation of the many program changes required under the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act, MAP–21, in 2012. Perhaps the most significant change was that MAP–21 shifted FHWA to risk-based stewardship and over-sight that redefined FHWA’s role in working with its State and local part-ners. It also gave FHWA the leadership role in transitioning with its partners to a transportation performance man-agement focus that emphasizes a stra-tegic approach by using data to make investment and policy decisions to achieve national performance goals. These dramatic changes in operation of the Federal aid highway program re-quired extensive outreach, which Jeff coordinated, to explain the shifts to FHWA’s partners and gain their sup-port for them. 
Jeff played a leadership role in ad-
vancing U.S. interests and bolstering international cooperation under the auspices of the World Road Associa-tion, where he served as U.S. first dele-gate and chair of the strategic plan-ning commission. He led an inter-national team in overseeing the work of the association’s 15 technical com-mittees and the development of its next strategic plan. He also facilitated efforts to advance special reports on the importance of road maintenance and helped produce a climate change adaptation framework. Jeff’s involve-ment in the association enabled the U.S. to further enhance our inter-national leadership and expertise in the design, delivery, and operation of highway and road networks. 
Closer to home, Jeff never forgot the 
importance of giving all FHWA em-ployees the opportunity to advance in their careers. He listened to employee feedback, administered a strategic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.004 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7096 October 1, 2015 
workforce assessment, established a 
formal mentoring program, developed the leadership for innovation decision-making program and expanded the Leadership Development Academy, and 
instilled in leadership ranks through-out the FHWA the value of expanding opportunity. Initiatives of this type are valuable to employees and their families, but are also critical to ensur-ing the FHWA can meet the challenges of the future by helping the agency to recruit and retain the best public serv-ants our Nation has to offer. Through these and other initiatives, Jeff helped make FHWA successful not only in ac-complishing its vitally important mis-sion, but in making the agency a better place to work. Among agencies of its size, FHWA has ranked in the top 10 best places to work in the Federal Gov-ernment among agency subcomponents for the past 3 years. Under Jeff’s lead-ership, FHWA moved from No. 33 in 2009 to No. 5 in 2013, an impressive achievement in a short period of time. 
Jeff will be retiring this month after 
32 years of Federal service to become president and chief executive officer of the Institute of Transportation Engi-neers. After his long career and espe-cially his 7
1⁄2years as executive direc-
tor, Jeff leaves FHWA a better place, which is good for America. I am proud to represent Jeff and so many other Federal workers. I believe our Federal workforce is the best in the world. We are fortunate to have dedicated, tal-ented, creative, hard-working, and pa-triotic public servants like Jeff. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Jeff for serving the American public with such distinction and devotion and wishing him much success as he leaves Federal service. We also need to thank his wife, Kim, and his children Chris and Lauren for supporting him in his public career. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SYLVIA OLIVER 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, there 
are many people who work behind the scenes to help the Senate function. We tend to take them for granted, but we shouldn’t. I would like to take this op-portunity to acknowledge one such Senate staffer, Sylvia Oliver, who is leaving at the end of this week. I won’t say that Sylvia is retiring because there is a chance we can coax her into returning at some point. But she is leaving her job as coordinator of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD in the Office of 
the Official Reporters of Debates be-cause she wants to spend more time at home with her daughter, Lily, who is a senior in high school. That is a com-pletely understandable and laudable desire. 
Few people appreciate that even 
though the Office of the Official Re-porters of Debates has embraced the latest information technology, pro-ducing the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD re-
mains a painstaking, labor-intensive process. Even fewer people appreciate that the officials and employees like Sylvia who are responsible for its pro-
duction typically have to work for sev-eral hours each night after the Senate has adjourned making sure the R
ECORD  
is accurate and complete before send-ing it to the Government Publishing Office. We take for granted that a printed copy of the R
ECORD , one of the 
most important documents in our Na-
tion, will be delivered to our offices the next morning. There are many people who work late into the night without fanfare or accolades to make this pos-sible. They are an invaluable part of what I call the Senate family. 
Sylvia is a Vermont native and grad-
uated from the University of Vermont. She still visits her mother, Betty Reid, in Barre as often as possible and is close to her siblings, John Reid, Betsy Reid, David Reid, and Sarah Schroeder. She started her congressional service on the House side in 1988 working for then-Representative Jim Jeffords of Vermont. She came with him to the Senate in 1989. She returned to the House for a few years, working as an executive assistant to the House Ser-geant at Arms. Then, she came back to the Senate in 1993, where she worked as a scheduler and executive assistant for Senator Byron Dorgan of North Dakota and the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs before assuming her current job with the Office of the Official Report-ers of Debates. She is unfailingly pro-fessional and polite. We will all miss her, but I know her colleagues in the Office of the Official Reporters of De-bates will miss her the most because she is such a kind and gentle and pleas-ant person. 
I am proud to have Sylvia as a con-
stituent. She lives near Annapolis; and, true to the rural roots of her Vermont upbringing, she has made her home atop a converted barn. Even though she works long hours in the Senate, she has usually done more each morning before she arrives here than most people ac-complish in a week. She maintains a small farm and looks after three horses whose names are Conge, Chance, and Love It. She starts most mornings by mowing acres of pasture, hauling doz-ens of bales of hay, and feeding the chickens. She also has a small pump-kin patch. But that is not enough for Sylvia—she has a number of bee hives to look after, too. 
Lily Oliver, who has graciously 
shared her mother with us, has said, ‘‘My mom is the most beautiful person I know. She makes the world a better place by always treating those around her with compassion and patience. I am so fortunate to have such a strong, genuine, resourceful, mother to emu-late throughout life.’’ Well, we have been so fortunate to have Sylvia in the Senate family for the past 20-plus years. The American people are so for-tunate to have talented and dedicated public servants like Sylvia. I truly be-lieve our Federal workforce is the best in the world. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
thanking Sylvia Oliver for her exem-plary service and wishing her well as 
she begins the next chapter in her life with the most important family of all, her own. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
ROBIN TRIPOD PATTEN 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor Robin Tripod Patten as a 2015 Angel in Adoption award recipient for her outstanding advocacy of adoption issues. Robin serves as Director of So-cial Services at Arkansas Methodist Medial Center, AMMC, in Paragould, AR. One of her many responsibilities in this position includes coordinating adoptions. 
Being a bereaved parent herself, 
Robin offers a unique perspective to the adoption process because she un-derstands the pain of giving birth and leaving the hospital without a baby. She provides emotional support to both the birth mother and the adoptive par-ents and assists new and prospective parents in navigating complicated legal matters when contemplating adoption. 
Robin is a Licensed Master Social 
Worker, LMSW, and dedicates her life to children. She is a mandated child abuse reporter who directs care of in-fants whose birth mothers had illegal substances in her system during preg-nancy. For 11 years, she has served on the Greene County multidisciplinary child abuse task force working to en-sure no child is overlooked or forgot-ten. 
I am proud of Robin for her dedica-
tion to adoption services and for in-vesting in the lives of families in northeast Arkansas and am glad to rec-ognize Robin as an Angel in Adoption for her efforts to connect children to permanent families. I commend her for her service and ask my colleagues to join me in honoring her and the many other advocates who continue to self-lessly work to ensure that all children grow up in safe, healthy, and loving homes. ∑ 
f 
OBSERVING THE 250TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE REPUDIATION OF THE BRITISH STAMP ACT 
∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor the actions of ‘‘12 immortal jus-tices’’ of the Frederick County Court in Maryland who refused to discharge the British Stamp Act on November 23, 1765. This first official act of defiance against the British Government’s ‘‘tax-ation without representation’’ in the Thirteen Original Colonies—8 years be-fore the Boston Tea Party—helped set the stage for the American Revolution that would lead to a free and inde-pendent United States of America. 
The Stamp Act the British Par-
liament passed in early 1765 exacted revenue from the Colonies by imposing a stamp duty on newspapers and legal and commercial documents. Colonists 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.058 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7097 October 1, 2015 
in Maryland quickly realized that the 
Stamp Act and other new taxes would severely impede trade in the Colonies and hinder their economic growth. Jonas Green, the publisher of the Maryland Gazette at the time, used his platform as the only news outlet in the colony to stir opposition to the actions of the British Parliament among Mary-landers. As protests turned to revolts, plans to distribute stamped paper were delayed, which made stamped paper in Frederick County and Western Mary-land unavailable. When the county’s clerk of the court refused to carry out the business of the court without stamped paper, Frederick County’s 12 justices responded by holding him in contempt and unanimously passing the resolution that would come to be known as the Repudiation Act, allow-ing business to continue without the use of stamped paper and effectively nullifying the act of Parliament. The text of the Repudiation Act stated: ‘‘that all proceedings shall be valid without the use of stamp s... and or-
dering all sheriffs, clerks, counsellors, and officers of the Court to proceed with their several avocations as usual, without delay occasionded from the want of stamped paper, parchment or vellum.’’ The justices took this action at great peril to their livelihood and even their lives. 
Since 1894, Repudiation Day has been 
marked by the Maryland General As-sembly as an official bank half-holiday in Frederick County and by the Fred-erick Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution with celebratory events. This year, which marks the 250th anniversary of this courageous act of defiance by 12 Maryland justices, will be particularly special with a pa-rade, dedication of an interpretive plaque, educational presentations, and public display of the original court act. In addition, Frederick’s Brewer’s Alley has collaborated with the Sergeant Lawrence Everhart Chapter of the Sons of the American Revolution on the re-lease of the 250th Anniversary Com-memorative ‘‘Twelve Immortals Ale’’ inspired by the beers of the 18th Cen-tury. 
I commend the Daughters of the 
American Revolution, the Sons of the American Revolution, Brewer’s Alley, the Tourism Council of Frederick County, the city of Frederick, and ev-eryone else involved in the effort to honor the brave actions of these 12 Marylanders and encourage every American to commemorate the 250th anniversary of an event that sparked the first flames of liberty in the Amer-ican Colonies. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SALLY ASCHIM 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I rise 
today in recognition of Sally Aschim, who is retiring after 38 years of dedi-cated teaching. 
Not only has Sally aided in the 
achievements and successes of Mon-tana’s youth, but she also has spear-headed multiple community outreach 
projects aimed at helping those in her 
community. She took her passion for helping Montana’s youth outside of the classroom as well and helped design and build a playground in Sunburst, Montana. 
In Montana, we know how important 
it is to give back to our communities and help one another, and Sally is a perfect example of this. Sally started the Christmas Stroll in Sunburst over a decade ago, which has enhanced the holiday for hundreds of community members. 
Sally has a selfless heart and does ev-
erything with a giving spirit. The State of Montana is sad to see her teaching career come to an end, but her incredible legacy will continue to live on. ∑ 
f 
CARNEGIE HALL 
∑Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, 
with great pleasure and pride, I wish to recognize the 125th anniversary of Car-negie Hall in New York City. At the ceremonial laying of the cornerstone of Carnegie Hall in 1890, Andrew Carnegie declared: ‘‘It is built to stand for ages, and during these ages it is probable that this Hall will intertwine itself with the history of our country.’’ 
The Hall has intertwined itself with 
the history of the United States but also with the history of the world. Today Carnegie Hall is the world’s most recognized performing arts center and is a global symbol of artistic excel-lence. For 125 years the Hall has de-fined and shaped the future of music, and it continues in that leadership role today. 
The Hall has hosted world leaders, 
American presidents, authors, activists and intellectuals. The Hall’s greatest influence, however, is through sound. Carnegie Hall’s three performance cen-ters project all forms of music to lis-teners around the world. Musicians from all corners of the globe strive to perform at Carnegie Hall. The Hall is a beacon inspiring and attracting the world’s finest musicians in all genres. 
Less known but equally important, 
Carnegie Hall’s Weill Music Institute produces an extraordinary range of music education and community pro-grams that extend far outside the phys-ical walls of its concert halls. Its music education in New York City schools serves as a laboratory of best practices for performing arts centers in major urban areas. Carnegie Hall provides and supports a partnership curriculum for 81 orchestras throughout the United States and abroad to work with local school students in urban, suburban, and rural settings. Its highly acclaimed National Youth Orchestra of the United States—recently returned from a tour of China—helps build the next generation of musicians into lifelong community leaders and contributors. In the 2015–2016 season these programs will reach millions people in New York City, across the United States, and around the globe. In the spirit of Andrew Carnegie and 
of bold endeavors to tackle contem-porary challenges, Carnegie Hall has recently initiated work to eliminate the music education ‘‘access gap’’ in schools throughout our nation. Car-negie Hall’s leadership, from volun-teers, trustees, to staff at all levels, are committed to quality and to equity of opportunity regardless of cir-cumstance. 
Carnegie Hall’s 125th opening night 
will occur on October 7th. I rise to commend the Hall’s leadership, volun-teers, contributors, performing artists, and staff. Carnegie Hall is a global icon symbolizing artistic excellence, achievement, and the power of music to feed our souls and bring people to-gether. Congratulations, Carnegie Hall. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING ALICIA REBAN 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Alicia Reban on receiving the Ambassador of the Year award from the Land Trust Alliance. It gives me great pleasure to see her re-ceive this national award recognizing her years of hard work within the Ne-vada community. 
Throughout her 17 years working at 
the Nevada Land Trust Alliance, Ms. Reban has been a shining example of someone who dedicated her career to the betterment of her community and Nevada’s open spaces. In 2000, she led a successful campaign on a ballot initia-tive focused on improving Washoe County’s parks, libraries, and trails. Additionally, in 2002, she served on the campaign executive committee for Ne-vada’s State Question 1 for clean water, parks, and wildlife, the largest conservation bond measure in Nevada history. 
Throughout her tenure, Ms. Reban 
has demonstrated professionalism, an unwavering commitment to conserva-tion, and dedication to the highest standards of the Nevada Land Trust Al-liance. I have been fortunate during my time in Congress to work with Ms. Reban on federal legislation, the Con-servation Easement Incentive Act, S. 330, which makes the Federal enhanced conservation easement income tax de-duction permanent. This important policy would provide Westerners with important tools to preserve our proud tradition of ranching, fishing, hunting, and other outdoor recreational activi-ties. She has been a tireless advocate and an invaluable ally on this effort. 
Alicia’s advocacy on behalf of Ne-
vada’s vast natural resources and wild-life is unmatched, and I am thankful for all of the work that she has done for our great State. Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Nevada Land Trust Co-Executive Di-rector Alicia Reban on receiving this award. I look forward to continuing to work with her on conservation issues important to our State. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.049 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7098 October 1, 2015 
CONGRATULATING STEVE 
TETREAULT 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Steve Tetreault on his incredible career, bringing Ne-vada in-depth political news coverage from our Nation’s Capital. It gives me great pleasure to recognize Steve for his unwavering dedication to the peo-ple of Nevada and for showcasing jour-nalistic integrity and excellence throughout his tenure. Though he will be greatly missed by Nevada jour-
nalism and the Las Vegas Review-Jour-nal, his future with the United States Department of Energy will be of great service to our country. 
Throughout my time serving Nevada 
in the United States Congress, Steve has been there to convey accurate and truthful news stories to the people of Nevada. From covering my very first experiences in the United States House of Representatives to writing about the most recent events in the United States Senate, Steve was there to cap-ture both sides of the argument, bring-ing fair coverage from the entire Ne-vada delegation. Our relationship oper-ated with a great amount of respect and understanding, and I am grateful for his professionalism. However, his jealousy of my impeccable beard-grow-ing skills prompted him to also grow one of his own. 
Steve’s insatiable appetite to cover 
important news stories and bring Ne-vadans pertinent political information made him an incredible journalist. He was always one step ahead, ready to share breaking political news, and had a genuine interest in painting the most accurate story for his readers. He will always be remembered for his top tier work at the Las Vegas Review-Journal. 
The insight and knowledge he gained 
throughout his career could never be replicated. He truly left his footprint in Nevada journalism, specifically at the Las Vegas Review-Journal, where he served as the Washington bureau chief. His writing has given the Silver State a detailed archive of Nevada’s delegation throughout his years in Washington, a truly unique piece of our State’s history. 
Steve has demonstrated absolute 
dedication to excellent reporting, bringing pertinent political news sto-ries outside of the walls of the United States Capitol to audiences across Ne-vada. I am both humbled and honored by his hard work and am proud to call him a friend. Today, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in congratulating Steve Tetreault on his long and mean-ingful career at the Las Vegas Review- Journal. I give my deepest appreciation for all that he has done and offer him my best wishes for many successful and fulfilling years to come with the United States Department of Energy. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAPTAIN LAWSON 
ALMAND 
∑Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor CAPT Lawson Almand, JAGC, USN, Retired, a son of North Carolina 
who is retiring after 39 years of Active Duty and civilian service to our Nation with the U.S. Navy. 
CAPT Almand is a native of Cary, 
NC. He received his B.A. in linguistics from the University of California, San Diego, a J.D. from the University of Puget Sound, and an LL.M. in inter-national and comparative law from the National Law Center, The George Washington University. 
In 1976, CAPT Almand began his dedi-
cated service to our Nation as a com-missioned officer in the Navy Judge Advocate General’s Corps. During the next 32 years, Captain Almand served on Active Duty in a wide variety of roles, traveling throughout the United States and overseas. His assignments included Naval Air Station, Agana, Guam; Naval Support Office, La Maddalena, Sardinia, Italy; Naval Legal Service Office, Subic Bay, Re-public of the Philippines; commander, Submarine Group 10, Kings Bay, GA; commander, Patrol Wings, U.S. Pacific Fleet; executive officer and com-manding officer, Naval Legal Service Office Southwest, San Diego, CA; com-manding officer, Naval Legal Service Office Northeast, Groton, CT; director, Defense Institute of International Legal Studies, Newport, RI; professor and associate dean, College of Inter-national and Security Studies, George C. Marshall European Center for Secu-rity Studies, Garmisch, Germany; force judge advocate, Naval Surface Forces, U.S. Pacific Fleet, San Diego; and Dep-uty Assistant Judge Advocate General, General Litigation Division. 
Following his retirement from Active 
Duty in July 2007, CAPT Almand con-tinued his superlative service to the Navy as a civilian, serving for another 7 years as Deputy Director of the Ad-ministrative Law Division in the Office of the Judge Advocate General in the Pentagon. 
For his outstanding service to our 
Nation, CAPT Almand earned numer-ous awards, including the Defense Su-perior Service Medal, Legion of Merit, Meritorious Service Medal, Navy Com-mendation Medal, Navy Achievement Medal, and the Superior Civilian Serv-ice Award. 
I commend CAPT Almand for his 
commitment to our country and the sacrifices he made on its behalf. On the occasion of his retirement from the Federal service, I thank him and his family for his honorable service to our Nation and wish him fair winds and fol-lowing seas as he concludes a distin-guished career. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGES 
REPORT RELATIVE TO THE DES-
IGNATION OF FUNDING FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TER-RORISM, RECEIVED DURING AD-JOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON SEPTEMBER 30, 2015—PM 26 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Budget: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
In accordance with section 114(c) of 
the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016, also titled the TSA Office of In-spection Accountability Act of 2015 (the ‘‘Act’’), I hereby designate for Overseas Contingency Operations/Glob-al War on Terrorism all funding (in-cluding the rescission of funds) and contributions from foreign govern-ments so designated by the Congress in the Act pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, as outlined in the enclosed list of ac-counts. 
The details of this action are set 
forth in the enclosed memorandum from the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , September 30, 2015. 
f 
NOTIFICATION OF THE PRESI-
DENT’S DESIGNATION OF AN EMERGENCY REQUIREMENT IN EMERGENCY FUNDING FOR UR-GENT WILDLAND FIRE SUPPRES-SION ACTIVITIES, RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON SEPTEMBER 30, 2015— PM 27 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Budget: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
In accordance with section 135 of the 
Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016, also titled the TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015 (the ‘‘Act’’), I hereby designate as an emergency re-quirement all funding so designated by the Congress in the Act pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, for the fol-lowing account: ‘‘Department of Agri-culture—Forest Service—Wildland Fire Management.’’ 
The details of this action are set 
forth in the enclosed memorandum from the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , September 30, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.002 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7099 October 1, 2015 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:25 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2617) to amend the Fair Min-imum Wage Act of 2007 to postpone a scheduled increase in the minimum wage applicable to American Samoa, and that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the title of the bill. 
The message also announced that the 
House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 81. Concurrent resolution pro-
viding for corrections to the enrollment of the bill H.R. 1735. 
The message further announced that 
the House has agreed to the report of the committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
At 2:45 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1020) to define STEM edu-cation to include computer science, and to support existing STEM edu-cation programs at the National Science Foundation. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 3:52 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. U
PTON ) has signed the following 
enrolled bills: 
H.R. 1020. An act to define STEM education 
to include computer science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Foundation. 
H.R. 2617. An act to amend the Fair Min-
imum Wage Act of 2007 to postpone a sched-uled increase in the minimum wage applica-ble to American Samoa. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED 
The Assistant Secretary of the Sen-
ate reported that on September 30, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following en-rolled bills: 
S. 136. An act to amend chapter 21 of title 
5, United States Code, to provide that fa-thers of certain permanently disabled or de-ceased veterans shall be included with moth-ers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service. 
S. 139. An act to permanently allow an ex-
clusion under the Supplemental Security In-come program and the Medicaid program for 
compensation provided to individuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or conditions. 
S. 565. An act to reduce the operation and 
maintenance costs associated with the Fed-eral fleet by encouraging the use of remanu-factured parts, and for other purposes. 
S. 2082. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend certain expiring pro-visions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3018. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Benzovindiflupyr; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9933–03) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 22, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3019. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Acibenzolar-S-methyl; Pesticide Tol-erances’’ (FRL No. 9933–27) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 22, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3020. A communication from the Acting 
Congressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Impor-tation of Kiwi From Chile Into the United States’’ ((RIN0579–AD98) (Docket No. APHIS– 2014–0002)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 25, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3021. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a viola-tion of the Antideficiency Act; to the Com-mittee on Appropriations. 
EC–3022. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a violation of the Antideficiency Act that in-volved fiscal years 2010 and 2011 Operation and Maintenance, Navy, funds, and was as-signed Army case number 14–02; to the Com-mittee on Appropriations. 
EC–3023. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Patricia D. Horoho, United States Army, and her advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–3024. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a semiannual re-port entitled, ‘‘Acceptance of Contributions for Defense Programs, Projects, and Activi-ties; Defense Cooperation Account’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–3025. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Contract Debts-Conform to FAR Section Designations’’ ((RIN0750–AI70) (DFARS Case 2015–D029)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 29, 2015; to the Committee on Armed 
Services. 
EC–3026. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Electronic Copies of Con-tractual Documents’’ ((RIN0750–AI29) (DFARS Case 2012–D056)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 29, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–3027. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Enhanc-ing Support for the Cuban People’’ (RIN0694– AG67) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 28, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3028. A communication from the Certi-
fying Officer, Bureau of the Fiscal Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cuban Assets Control Regulations’’ (31 CFR Part 515) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–3029. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3030. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 23, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3031. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 12978 of October 21, 1995, with re-spect to significant narcotics traffickers cen-tered in Colombia; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3032. A communication from the Regu-
latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulatory Capital Rules: Regulatory Capital, Final Re-visions Applicable to Banking Organizations Subject to the Advanced Approaches Risk- Based Capital Rule’’ (RIN1557–AD88) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 28, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3033. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3034. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Priorities List’’ (FRL No. 9934–75–OSWER) received in the Office of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.006 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7100 October 1, 2015 
President of the Senate on September 22, 
2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3035. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Hazardous Waste Management Sys-tem; Identification and Listing of Hazardous Waste; Direct Final Rule’’ (FRL No. 9934–78– Region 7) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3036. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants; Missouri; Control of Mercury Emis-sions from Electric Generating Units’’ (FRL No. 9934–68–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3037. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Mississippi; Miscellaneous Changes’’ (FRL No. 9934–73–Region 4) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3038. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Florida; Combs Oil Com-pany Variance’’ (FRL No. 9934–72–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3039. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; CO; Revised For-mat for Material Incorporated by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9931–73–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 22, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–3040. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants; Missouri; Control of Mercury Emis-sions from Electric Generating Units’’ (FRL No. 9934–68–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3041. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Interim Staff Guidance on Acceptable Acute Uranium Exposure Standards for Workers’’ (FCSE–ISG–014, Revision 0) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3042. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Guidance About Material Li-censes: Applications for Sealed Source and Device Evaluation and Registration’’ (NUREG–1556, Volume 3, Revision 2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate 
on September 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3043. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Kentucky Regulatory Program’’ ((SATS No. KY–253–FOR) (Docket No. OSM–2009–0014)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
EC–3044. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Office of Surface Mining Rec-lamation and Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pennsylvania Regulatory Program’’ ((SATS No. PA–154– FOR) (Docket No. OSM–2010–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3045. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Uniform Adminis-trative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards’’ (RIN1991–AB94) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 28, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
EC–3046. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program: Energy Conservation Stand-ards for Single Package Vertical Air Condi-tioners and Single Package Vertical Heat Pumps’’ (RIN1991–AC85) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 28, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3047. A communication from the Divi-
sion Chief, Bureau of Land Management, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Minerals Management: Adjustment of Cost Recovery Fees’’ (RIN1004–AE44) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3048. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medical, Physical Readiness, Training, and Access Authoriza-tion Standards for Protective Force Per-sonnel’’ (RIN1992–AA40) received in the Of-fice of the President of Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3049. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy, Department of Energy, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to recommendations concerning energy per-formance requirements for fiscal years 2016 through 2025; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3050. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Dividend Equiva-lents from Sources Within the United States’’ ((RIN1545–BJ56) (TD 9734)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3051. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reorganizations 
Under Section 368(a)(1)(F)’’ ((RIN1545–BF51) (TD 9739)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3052. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Update to Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates’’ (Notice 2015–61) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3053. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Investments Made for Charitable Purposes’’ (Notice 2015–62) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3054. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Special per diem Rates 2015–2016’’ (Notice 2015–63) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3055. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Per Capita Dis-tributions of Funds Held in Trust by the Sec-retary of the Interior’’ (Notice 2015–67) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3056. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fringe Benefits Aircraft Valuation Formula’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015– 20) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3057. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates—October 2015’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015–21) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3058. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Additional First Year Depreciation’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–48) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3059. A communication from the Chair-
man of the U.S. International Trade Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the biennial report relative to the impact of the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3060. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Evalua-tions of Hospitals’ Ambulance Data on Medi-care Cost Reports and Feasibility of Obtain-ing Cost Data from All Ambulance Providers and Suppliers’’; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3061. A communication from the Chief 
of the Trade and Commercial Regulations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.009 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7101 October 1, 2015 
Branch, Customs and Border Protection, De-
partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Disclosure of Information for Certain Intellectual Property Rights Enforced at the Border’’ (RIN1515–AD87) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 16, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3062. A communication from the Chief 
of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Disclosure of Information for Certain Intellectual Property Rights Enforced at the Border’’ (RIN1515–AD87) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 17, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3063. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–051); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–3064. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–062); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–3065. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–032); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 750. A bill to achieve border security on 
certain Federal lands along the Southern border (Rept. No. 114–150). 
S. 991. A bill to establish the Commission 
on Evidence-Based Policymaking, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–151). 
By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: 
S. 481. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-
stances Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to drug sched-uling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with re-spect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical test-ing, and for other purposes. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute and an amendment to the title: 
S. 799. A bill to combat the rise of prenatal 
opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syn-drome. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: 
S. 1893. A bill to reauthorize and improve 
programs related to mental health and sub-stance use disorders. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on 
Foreign Relations. 
*Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Benin. 
Nominee: Lucy Tamlyn. Post: Benin. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: 0. 2. Spouse: 0. 3. Children and Spouses: Filipa Tamlyn 
Serpa (single): 0. Benjamin Tamlyn Serpa (single): 0. 
4. Parents: Ann D. Tamlyn (widow), 0; 
Thomas T. Tamlyn (deceased), 0. 
5. Grandparents (none living). 6. Brothers and Spouses: Thomas T. 
Tamlyn, 0; Spouse: Maria Sramek, 0; Ben-jamin W. Tamlyn (single), $300, 2013, DSCC; $300, 2013, DCCC; $300, 2014, DCCC; $200, 2014, DSCC. Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee (DSCC), Democratic Congres-sional Campaign Committee (DCCC). 
7. Sisters: none. 
*Jeffrey J. Hawkins, Jr., of California, a 
Career Member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Central Af-rican Republic. 
Nominee: Jeffrey Jones Hawkins, Jr. Post: Bangui. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: Annie Chansavang-Hawkins: 
None. 
3. Children: Maxime Hawkins: None. 
Alexandre Hawkins: None. 
4. Parents: Jeffrey Hawkins, Sr.: None. 
Susan Wester: None. 
5. Grandparents: Issac Hawkins:—De-
ceased; Annie-Claire Hawkins—Deceased; Jack Hensley—Deceased; Jean Hensley—De-ceased. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: None. 7. Sisters and Spouses: None. 
*David R. Gilmour, of Texas, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Togolese Republic. 
Nominee: David R. Gilmour. Post: Togo. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: 0. 2. Spouse: 0. 
3. Children and Spouses: Miles D. Gilmour, 
none; Tristan J. Gilmour, none; Schyler B. Gilmour, none. 
4. Parents: John T. Gilmour, none; Shirley 
A. Gilmour—deceased. 5. Grandparents: John T. Gilmour—de-
ceased; Molly Gilmour—deceased. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: John and Deanna 
Gilmour, none; Gregory and Kathy Gilmour, none; Aaron Gilmour, none. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: Kathryn Gilmour, 
none; Lydia Gilmour, none; Jayne Gilmour, none. 
*Edwin Richard Nolan, Jr., of Massachu-
setts, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Suriname. 
Nominee: Edwin Richard Nolan, Jr. Post: Suriname. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: None. 3. Children and Spouses: Ryan P. Nolan: 
none; Katherine A. Nolan: none. 
4. Parents: Edwin R. Nolan: deceased; 
Agnes H. Nolan: deceased. 
5. Grandparents: John. J. Nolan: deceased; 
Mary C. Nolan: deceased. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: none. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Maryann K. Steele: 
none; William Steele: none. 
*John L. Estrada, of Florida, to be Ambas-
sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. 
Nominee: John Learie Estrada. Post: Trinidad & Tobago. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: $250.00, 05/12/2012, John Estrada; 
$250.00, 10/16/2012, John Estrada; $400.00 01/29/ 2013, John Estrada. Self and Spouse Joint: $250.00, 04/03/2014, John Estrada, Elizabeth Cote; $100.00, 10/10/2014, John Estrada, Eliza-beth Cote; $50.00, 09/18/2014, John Estrada, Elizabeth Cote; $100, 09/08/2014, John Estrada, Elizabeth Cote; $200.00, 07/28/2014, John Estrada, Elizabeth Cote. 
2. Spouse: None. 3. Children and Spouses: None. 4. Parents: None. 5. Grandparents: None. 6. Brothers and Spouses: None. 7. Sisters and Spouses: None. 
*Carolyn Patricia Alsup, of Florida, a Ca-
reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of The Gambia. 
Nominee: Carolyn Patricia Alsup. POST: The Gambia. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: $50.00, 3/31/15, DSCC; $50.00, 2/25/15, 
DNC; $50.00, 4/2/14, DNC; $64.00, 1/29/14, DNC; $75.00, 10/28/12, Obama for America; $100.00, 10/ 1/12, Obama for America; $22.00, 12/30/11, Obama for America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.011 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7102 October 1, 2015 
2. Spouse: N/A. 
3. Children and Spouses: N/A. 4. Parents: Fred W. Alsup, M.D. (father) 
(deceased 2002), none; Edith Laurence Alsup (mother) (deceased 1980), none. 
5. Grandparents: Mitchinson Laurence (de-
ceased), none; Maude Laurence (deceased), none; Eules Alsup, Sr. (deceased), none; Nora Tubbs Alsup (deceased), none. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: Fred W. Alsup, Jr. 
(not married), none; Alan R. Alsup (deceased 2001), none. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: Peggy Ann Alsup 
(not married), none. 
*Daniel H. Rubinstein, of Virginia, a Ca-
reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Tunisia. 
Nominee: Daniel Howard Rubinstein. Post: Ambassador to the Republic of Tuni-
sia. 
(The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, Amount, Date, and Donee: 1. Self: none. 2. Spouse: Julie D. Adams: none. 3. Children: Jonah G. Rubinstein: none; 
Simon L. Rubinstein: none. 
4. Parents: Morris L. Rubinstein (de-
ceased): none; Mildred Rubinstein: none. 
5. Grandparents: David Rubinstein—(de-
ceased); Fay Rubinstein—(deceased); Philip Hochberg—(deceased); Ruth Hochberg—(de-ceased). 
6. Brothers: Aaron B. Rubinstein (spouse 
Sharon Rubinstein), none; David E. Rubin-stein (unmarried), none. 
7. Sisters: Naomi B. Weiss (spouse Stephen 
Weiss), none; Judith D. Massarano (spouse Glenn Masserano), none. 
Ann Calvaresi Barr, of Maryland, to be In-
spector General, United States Agency for International Development. 
*David Malcolm Robinson, of Connecticut, 
a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Coor-dinator for Reconstruction and Stabiliza-tion. 
*David Malcolm Robinson, of Connecticut, 
a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be an As-sistant Secretary of State (Conflict and Sta-bilization Operations). 
*Scott Allen, of Maryland, to be United 
States Director of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
*Susan Coppedge Amato, of Georgia, to be 
Director of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, with the rank of Ambassador at Large. 
*Barbara Lee, of California, to be a Rep-
resentative of the United States of America to the Seventieth Session of the General As-sembly of the United Nations. 
*Christopher H. Smith, of New Jersey, to 
be a Representative of the United States of America to the Seventieth Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, for the 
Committee on Foreign Relations I re-port favorably the following nomina-tion lists which were printed in the R
ECORD s on the dates indicated, and 
ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Foreign Service nominations beginning 
with Jennifer Ann Amos and ending with Holly Rothe Wielkoszewski, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on July 8, 2015. 
Foreign Service nominations beginning 
with Kreshnik Alikaj and ending with Brett David Ziskie, I which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 8, 2015. 
Foreign Service nominations beginning 
with Jason Douglas Kalbfleisch and ending with Stuart MacKenzie Hatcher, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 21, 2015. (minus 1 nominee: DereII Kennedo) 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
SULLIVAN , and Mr. S CHATZ ): 
S. 2114. A bill to correct inconsistencies in 
the definitions relating to Native Americans in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. FLAKE: 
S. 2115. A bill to continue job creation and 
the promotion of investment through im-provements to targeted employment areas; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. 
V
ITTER ): 
S. 2116. A bill to improve certain programs 
of the Small Business Administration to bet-ter assist small business customers in ac-cessing broadband technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship. 
By Mr. CORNYN: 
S. 2117. A bill to prevent certain discrimi-
natory taxation of natural gas pipeline prop-erty; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. H
EINRICH ): 
S. 2118. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to extend the application of the Medicare payment rate floor to pri-mary care services furnished under Medicaid and to apply the rate floor to additional pro-viders of primary care services; to the Com-mittee on Finance . 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. W YDEN , 
Mr. C OONS , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. S CHATZ ): 
S. 2119. A bill to provide for greater con-
gressional oversight of Iran’s nuclear pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. B ALDWIN , and 
Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 2120. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to carry out a program to sup-
port veterans in contact with the criminal justice system by discouraging unnecessary criminalization of mental illness and other nonviolent crimes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 2121. A bill to facilitate and enhance the 
declassification of information, including in the Legislative Branch, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 2122. A bill to increase the worldwide 
level of employment-based immigrants and to reauthorize the EB–5 regional center pro-gram; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
D
URBIN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. L EE, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
GRAHAM , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B OOKER , and 
Mr. S COTT): 
S. 2123. A bill to reform sentencing laws 
and correctional institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Ms. STABENOW: 
S. 2124. A bill to establish a Federal tax 
credit approximation matching program for State new jobs training tax credits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: 
S. 2125. A bill to make the Community Ad-
vantage Pilot Program of the Small Business Administration permanent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. 
V
ITTER , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): 
S. 2126. A bill to reauthorize the women’s 
business center program of the Small Busi-ness Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and En-trepreneurship. 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Ms. 
A
YOTTE ): 
S. 2127. A bill to provide appropriate pro-
tections to probationary Federal employees, to provide the Special Counsel with adequate access to information, to provide greater awareness of Federal whistleblower protec-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. UDALL: 
S. Res. 273. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding the need for reconciliation in Indonesia and disclosure by the United States Government of events sur-rounding the mass killings during 1965 and 1966; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. 
J
OHNSON ): 
S. Res. 274. A resolution commemorating 
the 25th anniversary of the peaceful and democratic reunification of Germany; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Ms. 
M
IKULSKI ): 
S. Res. 275. A resolution calling on Con-
gress, schools, and State and local edu-cational agencies to recognize the signifi-cant educational implications of dyslexia that must be addressed and designating Oc-tober 2015 as ‘‘National Dyslexia Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. 
S
TABENOW , Mr. E NZI, Mr. D ONNELLY , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. C OCHRAN , and 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.021 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7103 October 1, 2015 
S. Res. 276. A resolution designating the 
week beginning October 18, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Character Counts Week’’; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to pro-vide States with the option of pro-viding services to children with medi-cally complex conditions under the 
Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for chil-dren with medically complex condi-tions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
697, a bill to amend the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act to reauthorize and modernize that Act, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1014 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1014, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the safety of cosmetics. 
S. 1099 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Virginia 
(Mr. K AINE) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 1099, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to provide States with flexibility in deter-mining the size of employers in the small group market. 
S. 1178 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1178, a bill to prohibit implementation of a proposed rule relating to the defi-nition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Clean Water Act, or any substantially similar rule, until a Supplemental Scientific Review Panel and Ephemeral and Intermittent Streams Advisory Committee produce certain reports, and for other purposes. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1455 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1455, a bill to provide ac-cess to medication-assisted therapy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1817 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W ARNER ) and the Senator from 
New Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1817, a bill to improve the effectiveness of major rules in accomplishing their regulatory objectives by promoting retrospective review, and for other purposes. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 1874 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Utah 
(Mr. L EE) and the Senator from Nevada 
(Mr. H ELLER ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 1874, a bill to provide protections for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting rep-resentation by a labor organization. 
S. 1989 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1989, a bill to improve access to primary care services. 
S. 2032 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2032, a bill to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States. 
S. 2045 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 2045, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the ex-cise tax on high cost employer-spon-sored health coverage. 
S. 2066 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) and the Senator from Ala-
bama (Mr. S ESSIONS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2066, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate dis-covery and development of disease- modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to encourage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the qual-ity and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2089 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2089, a bill to provide for investment in clean energy, to em-
power and protect consumers, to mod-ernize energy infrastructure, to cut pollution and waste, to invest in re-search and development, and for other purposes. 
S. 2108 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2108, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an extension of certain long-term care hospital payment rules and the mora-torium on the establishment of certain hospitals and facilities. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. CORNYN: 
S. 2117. A bill to prevent certain dis-
criminatory taxation of natural gas pipeline property; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2117 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LIMITATION ON DISCRIMINATORY 
TAXATION OF NATURAL GAS PIPE-LINE PROPERTY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this Act: 
(1) A SSESSMENT .—The term ‘‘assessment’’ 
means valuation for a property tax that is levied by a taxing authority. 
(2) A
SSESSMENT JURISDICTION .—The term 
‘‘assessment jurisdiction’’ means a geo-graphical area used in determining the as-sessed value of property for ad valorem tax-ation. 
(3) C
OMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROP -
ERTY .—The term ‘‘commercial and industrial 
property’’ means property (excluding natural gas pipeline property, public utility prop-erty, and land used primarily for agricul-tural purposes or timber growth) devoted to commercial or industrial use and subject to a property tax levy. 
(4) N
ATURAL GAS PIPELINE PROPERTY .—The 
term ‘‘natural gas pipeline property’’ means all property (whether real, personal, and in-tangible) used by a natural gas pipeline pro-viding transportation or storage of natural gas subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Regulatory Commission. 
(5) P
UBLIC UTILITY PROPERTY .—The term 
‘‘public utility property’’ means property (excluding natural gas pipeline property) that is devoted to public service and is owned or used by any entity that performs a public service and is regulated by any gov-ernmental agency. 
(b) D
ISCRIMINATORY ACTS.—A State, sub-
division of a State, authority acting for a State or subdivision of a State, or any other taxing authority (including a taxing jurisdic-tion and a taxing district) may not do any of the following: 
(1) A
SSESSMENTS .—Assess natural gas pipe-
line property at value that has a higher ratio to the true market value of the natural gas pipeline property than the ratio that the as-sessed value of commercial and industrial property in the same assessment jurisdiction has to the true market value of such com-mercial and industrial property. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.019 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7104 October 1, 2015 
(2) A SSESSMENT TAXES .—Levy or collect a 
tax on an assessment that may not be made under paragraph (1). 
(3) A
D VALOREM TAXES .—Levy or collect an 
ad valorem property tax on natural gas pipe-line property at a tax rate that exceeds the tax rate applicable to commercial and indus-trial property in the same assessment juris-diction. 
(4) O
THER TAXES .—Impose any other tax 
that discriminates against a natural gas pipeline providing transportation or storage of natural gas subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 
SEC. 2. JURISDICTION OF COURTS; RELIEF. 
(a) G RANT OF JURISDICTION .—Notwith-
standing section 1341 of title 28, United States Code, and without regard to the amount in controversy or citizenship of the parties, the district courts of the United States shall have jurisdiction, concurrent with other jurisdiction of the courts of the United States, of States, and of all other tax-ing authorities and taxing jurisdictions, to prevent a violation of section 1. 
(b) R
ELIEF IN GENERAL .—Except as pro-
vided in this subsection, relief may be grant-ed under this Act only if the ratio of assessed value to true market value of natural gas pipeline property exceeds by at least 5 per-cent the ratio of assessed value to true mar-
ket value of commercial and industrial prop-erty in the same assessment jurisdiction. If the ratio of the assessed value of commercial and industrial property in the assessment ju-risdiction to the true market value of com-mercial and industrial property cannot be determined to the satisfaction of the court through the random-sampling method known as a sales assessment ratio study (to be car-ried out under statistical principles applica-ble to such a study), each of the following shall be a violation of section 1 for which re-lief under this Act may be granted: 
(1) An assessment of the natural gas pipe-
line property at a value that has a higher ratio of assessed value to the true market value of the natural gas pipeline property than the ratio of the assessed value of all other property (excluding public utility property) subject to a property tax levy in the assessment jurisdiction has to the true market value of all other property (exclud-ing public utility property). 
(2) The collection of an ad valorem prop-
erty tax on the natural gas pipeline property at a tax rate that exceeds the tax rate appli-cable to all other taxable property (exclud-ing public utility property) in the taxing ju-risdiction. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. L EE, Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. 
LEAHY , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. 
SCOTT): 
S. 2123. A bill to reform sentencing 
laws and correctional institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
SENTENCING REFORM AND CORRECTIONS ACT  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, 
today I am pleased to introduce, along with a broad bipartisan group of col-leagues, a truly landmark piece of leg-islation. 
It is the result of months of hard 
work and thoughtful deliberations. It is the largest criminal justice reform bill in a generation. 
This bill represents a consensus 
among my colleagues and me. 
There are elements of the criminal 
justice system that we agree can and should be improved. We all agree that 
statutory mandatory minimum sen-tences can serve an important role in protecting public safety and bringing justice to crime victims, and this bill will preserve the primary mandatory minimums to keep some certainty and uniformity in Federal sentences and to encourage criminals to cooperate with law enforcement. We even add two new mandatory minimums for crimes in-volving interstate domestic violence and supplying weapons or other defense materials to prohibited countries or terrorists, but our current system has produced some specific instances of se-vere and excessive sentences. 
So we all agree that we need to lower 
some of the harshest enhanced manda-tory minimums, and we all agree that we can do a better job of targeting those enhanced mandatory sentences to the most serious violent and repeat offenders. 
This bill does just that. It even ex-
pands some of those enhanced manda-tory minimums to criminals with prior violent felonies and State crimes in-volving the unlawful use of firearms. That will be a big help in cities across the country who face rising homicide rates from violent offenders who have been released from prison. 
We also all agree that our current 
system could benefit from giving judges a bit more discretion in sen-tencing. That is why we are expanding the current safety valve. 
We also create a second safety valve 
so that nonviolent offenders who have minor criminal histories or play low- level roles in drug organizations are not improperly swept up by mandatory minimums. 
Finally, we all agree that we must 
improve our prisons and stop the re-volving door. Those of us introducing the bill have agreed to give lower-risk inmates a chance to return to society earlier and with better prospects to be-come productive, law-abiding citizens. 
There are other parts of this bill that 
are also important, but I will not go into them at this time. As I said, this is the biggest criminal justice reform in a generation. 
Instead, I wish to end with the idea 
that this bill is about the Senate. Sen-ators from both sides of the aisle and Senators with very different perspec-tives have come together to solve an important problem facing the United States. This is how the U.S. Senate can work, should work, and I am pleased to be a part of it and the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. 
Finally, I extend my sincere thanks 
to my colleagues who joined me in this effort: Senators D
URBIN , C ORNYN , 
WHITEHOUSE , LEE, GRAHAM , SCHUMER , 
BOOKER , and S COTT, and my friend 
Ranking Member L EAHY . 
I close by again thanking the rank-
ing member of the Judiciary Com-mittee, Senator L
EAHY , for the great 
help that he has been, not only as my friend, but also for his work on this piece of legislation. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: 
S. 2125. A bill to make the Commu-
nity Advantage Pilot Program of the Small Business Administration perma-nent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and En-trepreneurship. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, 
today I am introducing the Small Busi-ness Lending and Inequality Reduction Act of 2015. 
It is a simple bill with a straight-
forward goal: to increase economic ac-tivity in underserved communities to help create jobs and reduce economic inequality. We must help low and mod-erate income communities grow by partnering with organizations that can channel expertise and resources to these communities. The bill I am intro-ducing today would assist community development institutions provide more funding to small businesses. 
This bill would increase their ability 
to lend in underserved communities and promote development and eco-nomic growth. The more lending they can offer to underserved communities, the more those communities can pros-per. 
One example of this process can be 
found from CDC Small Business Fi-nance, an organization that has cre-ated more than 165,000 jobs and funded more than 10,000 small businesses. In Anaheim, CA, for example, they pro-vided $178,000 in financing to help Gretchen Shoemaker and her family successfully launch a restaurant based on Gretchen’s grandmother’s Southern- style cooking in an historic area of Anaheim. 
Another example is Leatherby Fam-
ily Creamery, an ice-cream parlor in Sacramento that opened in 1982 with the goal of creating a family-friendly community gathering place. They re-ceived a loan backed by the Small Business Administration that allowed them to modernize and expand their business. Leatherby’s now has three lo-cations and has sustained itself for over 30 years despite bumps in the economy. It is truly dedicated to its communities as well, donating to over 180 associations, schools, and organiza-tions in 2015 alone. 
Overall, it should be clear: these 
loans provided real dividends back to the communities. 
With more access to financial serv-
ices—which my bill would provide— there will be more improvements to businesses, nonprofits, and our commu-nities. 
The bill I am introducing today 
would do two main things: First, it al-lows community development institu-tions to increase their lending by pro-viding them access to loans backed by the Small Business Administration. 
It would do this by authorizing and 
making permanent an existing pilot program run by the Small Business Ad-ministration and raising the maximum loan amount so that small businesses have access to additional funding. There are currently over 95 approved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.026 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7105 October 1, 2015 
lenders in the pilot program, which has 
approved over $214 million in over 1,650 loans. 
Small businesses eligible for loans 
under the program include small busi-nesses located in areas of high poverty and unemployment; small businesses that have more than 50 percent of em-ployees living in low- or moderate-in-come communities; and Small busi-nesses owned by veterans. 
Second, this bill would expand the 
ability of Community Development Fi-nancial Institutions to access funding from the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which in turn allows them to provide more loans to low-income com-munities. 
These are two simple actions that 
can have a significant impact on small businesses and communities in Cali-fornia and across the country. 
I am proud to say that the Oppor-
tunity Finance Network, which is an association of community development financial institutions, supports this bill. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-
port this legislation and am hopeful that this Congress will move it for-ward. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 273—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE NEED FOR RECONCILIATION IN INDO-NESIA AND DISCLOSURE BY THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT OF EVENTS SURROUNDING THE MASS KILLINGS DURING 1965 AND 1966 
Mr. UDALL submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 273 
Whereas, on October 1, 1965, 6 Indonesian 
Army generals were killed by military per-sonnel, including members of Indonesia’s Presidential Guard, and these killings were blamed on the Indonesian Communist Party and labeled an ‘‘attempted Communist coup d’e´tat’’; 
Whereas this alleged coup was used to jus-
tify the mass killing of alleged supporters of the Indonesian Communist Party, with esti-mates of the number of dead ranging from 500,000 to 1,000,000 killed; 
Whereas the targeted individuals were pre-
dominantly unarmed civilians, and often in-cluded members of trade unions, intellec-tuals, teachers, ethnic Chinese, and those in-volved in the women’s movement; 
Whereas these killings and the imprison-
ment of up to 1,000,000 targeted individuals were done without due process of law; 
Whereas the targeted individuals were sub-
ject to extrajudicial execution, torture, rape, forced disappearance, forced labor, and forced eviction; 
Whereas the United States Central Intel-
ligence Agency, in a 1968 research study, de-scribed the period as one of the worst mass murders of the twentieth century; 
Whereas the United States Government 
provided the Indonesian Army with finan-cial, military, and intelligence support dur-ing the period of the mass killings, and did so aware that such killings were taking 
place as recorded in partially declassified documents in the Department of State his-tory, ‘‘Foreign Relations of the United States’’, pertaining to this period; 
Whereas, within months of military leader 
Suharto’s assumption of the Presidency fol-lowing the mass killing, the United States Government began sending economic and military support to Suharto’s military re-gime, and played an indispensable role in its consolidation of power; 
Whereas aid to the Suharto government 
continued for more than 3 decades, despite on-going crimes against humanity com-mitted by the Suharto government, includ-ing mass killing and other gross violations of human rights during the invasion and subse-quent 24-year occupation of East Timor; 
Whereas perpetrators of the 1965 and 1966 
mass killings have largely lived with impu-nity, and the survivors and descendants of the victims suffer continuing economic dis-crimination and had limited civil and polit-ical rights for decades, as noted in the 2012 report by the Indonesian National Commis-sion on Human Rights; 
Whereas the United States Government 
has not yet fully declassified all relevant documents concerning this time period, and full disclosure could help bring historical clarity to atrocities committed in Indonesia during 1965 and 1966; 
Whereas the United States Government 
has recently supported the declassification and release of documents in support of truth and reconciliation efforts following periods of violence in countries such as Chile and Brazil; 
Whereas open dialogue about alleged past 
crimes against humanity and past human rights violations is important for continued efforts to reconcile populations of Indonesia and to ensure a stable, sustainable peace that will benefit the region and beyond; 
Whereas, Indonesia has undergone a re-
markable democratic transition over the last 2 decades, and is the world’s third larg-est democracy with the largest Muslim popu-lation in the world; 
Whereas through free and fair elections, 
the people of Indonesia have elected new leaders who now have the opportunity to es-tablish a culture of accountability in part-nership with the country’s vibrant civil soci-ety, press, academia, and human rights ac-tivists; 
Whereas the relationship between the 
United States and Indonesia is strong and in-volves many shared interests, as reflected in the 2010 United States-Indonesia Comprehen-sive Partnership, including democracy and civil society, education, security, climate and environment, energy, and trade and in-vestment; 
Whereas the economic relationship be-
tween the United States and Indonesia is strong, with bilateral goods trade exceeding $27,000,000,000 and with major United States 
companies making significant long-term in-vestments in Indonesia; and 
Whereas strong relations between the 
United States and Indonesia are mutually beneficial to both countries: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns the mass murder in Indonesia 
during 1965 and 1966; 
(2) expresses great concern about the lack 
of accountability enjoyed by those who car-ried out crimes during this period; 
(3) urges political leaders in Indonesia— (A) to consider a truth, justice, and rec-
onciliation commission to address alleged crimes against humanity and other human rights violations; and (B) to work to mend differences and ani-
mosity that remain after the mass killings during 1965 and 1966; and 
(4) calls on the Department of State, the 
Department of Defense, the Central Intel-ligence Agency, and others involved in devel-oping and implementing policy towards In-donesia during this time period to establish an interagency working group— 
(A) to locate, identify, inventory, rec-
ommend for declassification, and make available to the public all classified records and documents concerning the mass killings of 1965 and 1966, including records and docu-ments pertaining to covert operations in In-donesia from January 1, 1964, through March 30, 1966; 
(B) to coordinate with Federal agencies 
and take such actions as necessary to expe-dite the release of such records to the public; and 
(C) to submit a report to Congress that de-
scribes all such records, the disposition of such records, and the activities of the Inter-agency Group. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 274—COM-
MEMORATING THE 25TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE PEACEFUL AND DEMOCRATIC REUNIFICA-TION OF GERMANY 
Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. 
J
OHNSON ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 274 
Whereas more than 22,000,000 people of the 
United States served in the Cold War by sup-porting the efforts to bring military, eco-nomic, and diplomatic pressure to bear in the defense of Germany and the West, and ul-timately helping more than 400,000,000 people gain freedom from the bondage of com-munism in the Soviet Bloc; 
Whereas the United States supported the 
promulgation of the Basic Law for the Fed-eral Republic of Germany, under which Ger-many was eventually reunited; 
Whereas the United States created the Re-
construction Loan Corporation, which, under West German leadership, became the Kreditanstalt fu ¨r Wiederaufbau that invested 
in the reconstruction of West Germany and lay the economic groundwork for the reunifi-cation of Germany; 
Whereas on November 4, 1989, more than 
1,000,000 people gathered in Alexanderplatz in East Berlin and 40 other cities and towns in East Germany to demand free elections and basic civil rights, such as freedom of opinion, movement, press, and assembly; 
Whereas on November 9, 1989, East German 
politbureau member Guenter Schabowski an-nounced that the Government of East Ger-many would allow ‘‘every citizen of the Ger-man Democratic Republic to leave the GDR through any of the border crossings’’ and East German leader Egon Krenz promised ‘‘free, general, democratic, and secret elec-tions’’; 
Whereas thousands of people in East Berlin 
immediately flooded the border checkpoints at the Berlin Wall and demanded entry into West Berlin, causing the overwhelmed border guards of East Germany to open the check-points to allow people to cross into West Berlin; 
Whereas in the days following the fall of 
the Berlin Wall on November 9, 1989, hun-dreds of thousands of people from East Ger-many freely crossed the border into West Berlin and West Germany for the first time in more than 28 years; 
Whereas German Chancellor Helmut Kohl 
demonstrated leadership and vision when he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01OC6.037 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7106 October 1, 2015 
announced a 10-point program calling for the 
2 Germanys to expand mutual cooperation with the view toward eventual reunification on November 28, 1989; 
Whereas in March 1990, East Germany held 
free elections for the first time and those elections led to the defeat of the Party of Democratic Socialism and demonstrated the desire of the East German people to reunify Germany and rejoin the world community, which led to the May 1990 treaty on mone-tary, economic, and social issues and the signing of the Unification Treaty on August 31, 1990; 
Whereas on October 2, 1990, President 
George Herbert Walker Bush told the Ger-man people: ‘‘The United States is proud to have built with you the foundations of free-dom, proud to have been a steady partner in the quest for 1 Germany, whole and free. America is proud to count itself among the friends and allies of free Germany, now and in the future.’’; 
Whereas on October 3, 2015, the people of 
Germany will celebrate in Frankfurt and across Germany, the 25th anniversary of the reunification of Germany; and 
Whereas the reunification of Germany 
demonstrated the end of the division of Eu-rope and the triumph of democracy over communism: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) with the people of the former com-
munist countries and Western Europe, cele-brates 25 years of a united Germany, free from the oppression of communism; 
(2) honors the courage and sacrifice of the 
people of Germany, the United States, and other countries who served in the Cold War to bring freedom to Central and Eastern Eu-rope; 
(3) recognizes the importance of the alli-
ance between the United States and Ger-many in— 
(A) common defense; (B) an enduring shared commitment to the 
free and unified Europe; and 
(C) an expanding and deepening economic 
prosperity under the rule of law throughout Europe; 
(4) expresses to the people of Germany an 
appreciation for the commitment of the peo-ple of Germany to the promotion of freedom through leadership in providing inter-national assistance, support for peace-keeping and international security efforts, and acceptance of refugees, including efforts by the people of Germany in Afghanistan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo, Lebanon, Sudan, and Ukraine; and 
(5) reaffirms the deep and historical friend-
ship between the Government and people of the United States and the Government and people of Germany. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 275—CALL-
ING ON CONGRESS, SCHOOLS, AND STATE AND LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES TO RECOG-NIZE THE SIGNIFICANT EDU-CATIONAL IMPLICATIONS OF DYSLEXIA THAT MUST BE AD-DRESSED AND DESIGNATING OC-TOBER 2015 AS ‘‘NATIONAL DYS-LEXIA AWARENESS MONTH’’ 
Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Ms. 
M
IKULSKI ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 275 
Whereas dyslexia is— 
(1) defined as an unexpected difficulty in 
reading for an individual who has the intel-ligence to be a much better reader; and (2) due to a difficulty in getting to the in-
dividual sounds of spoken language, which affects the ability of an individual to speak, read, spell, and often, learn a language; 
Whereas dyslexia is the most common 
learning disability and affects 80 percent to 90 percent of all individuals with a learning disability; 
Whereas an individual with dyslexia may 
have weakness in decoding or reading flu-ency and strength in higher level cognitive functions, such as reasoning, critical think-
ing, concept formation, or problem solving; 
Whereas great progress has been made in 
understanding dyslexia on a scientific level, including the epidemiology and cognitive and neurobiological bases of dyslexia; and 
Whereas early diagnosis of dyslexia is crit-
ical for ensuring that individuals with dys-lexia receive focused, evidence-based inter-vention that leads to the promotion of self- awareness and self-empowerment and the provision of necessary accommodations so as to ensure school and life success: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) calls on Congress, schools, and State 
and local educational agencies to recognize that dyslexia has significant educational im-plications that must be addressed; and 
(2) designates October 2015 as ‘‘National 
Dyslexia Awareness Month’’. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 276—DESIG-
NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING OCTOBER 18, 2015, AS ‘‘NATIONAL CHARACTER COUNTS WEEK’’ 
Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. 
S
TABENOW , Mr. E NZI, Mr. D ONNELLY , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. C OCHRAN , and Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 276 
Whereas the well-being of the United 
States requires that the young people of the United States become an involved, caring citizenry of good character; 
Whereas the character education of chil-
dren has become more urgent, as violence by and against youth increasingly threatens the physical and psychological well-being of the people of the United States; 
Whereas, more than ever, children need 
strong and constructive guidance from their families and their communities, including schools, youth organizations, religious insti-tutions, and civic groups; 
Whereas the character of a nation is only 
as strong as the character of its individual citizens; 
Whereas the public good is advanced when 
young people are taught the importance of good character and the positive effects that good character can have in personal relation-ships, in school, and in the workplace; 
Whereas scholars and educators agree that 
people do not automatically develop good character and that, therefore, conscientious efforts must be made by institutions and in-dividuals that influence youth to help young people develop the essential traits and char-acteristics that comprise good character; 
Whereas, although character development 
is, first and foremost, an obligation of fami-lies, the efforts of faith communities, schools, and youth, civic, and human service organizations also play an important role in fostering and promoting good character; 
Whereas Congress encourages students, 
teachers, parents, youth, and community leaders to recognize the importance of char-acter education in preparing young people to play a role in determining the future of the United States; Whereas effective character education is 
based on core ethical values, which form the foundation of a democratic society; 
Whereas examples of character are trust-
worthiness, respect, responsibility, fairness, caring, citizenship, and honesty; 
Whereas elements of character transcend 
cultural, religious, and socioeconomic dif-ferences; 
Whereas the character and conduct of 
youth reflect the character and conduct of society, and, therefore, every adult has the responsibility to teach and model ethical values and every social institution has the responsibility to promote the development of good character; 
Whereas Congress encourages individuals 
and organizations, especially those that have an interest in the education and training of the young people of the United States, to adopt the elements of character as intrinsic to the well-being of individuals, commu-nities, and society; 
Whereas many schools in the United States 
recognize the need, and have taken steps, to integrate the values of their communities into teaching activities; and 
Whereas the establishment of ‘‘National 
Character Counts Week’’, during which indi-viduals, families, schools, youth organiza-tions, religious institutions, civic groups, and other organizations focus on character education, is of great benefit to the United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates the week beginning October 
18, 2015, as ‘‘National Character Counts Week’’; and 
(2) calls upon the people of the United 
States and interested groups— 
(A) to embrace the elements of character 
identified by local schools and communities, such as trustworthiness, respect, responsi-bility, fairness, caring, and citizenship; and 
(B) to observe the week with appropriate 
ceremonies, programs, and activities. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 1, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Oc-tober 1, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘American Crude Oil Export Equality Act.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 1, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Improper Payments in Federal Pro-grams.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.034 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7107 October 1, 2015 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 1, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 1, 2015, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Review-ing the Civil Nuclear Agreement with South Korea.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 1, 2015, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nomina-tions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Oc-tober 1, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Achiev-ing the Promise of Health Information Technology.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on Octo-ber 1, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR–428A of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Significant Cost and Related Bur-dens for Small Businesses Resulting from the Gold King Mine Waste Water Spill near Silverton, CO.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 1, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. SUBCOMMITTEE ON IMMIGRATION AND THE  
NATIONAL INTEREST  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest, be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on Oc-tober 1, 2015, at 2 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Over-sight of the Administration’s FY 2016 Refugee Resettlement Program: Fiscal and Security Implications.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS , FORESTS , 
AND MINING  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources’ Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 1, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that floor privi-leges be granted this Congress for David Palmer and Zach Terwilliger, detailees from the Department of Jus-tice. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that at 5 p.m. on Monday, October 5, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination: Calendar No. 138; that there be 30 minutes for debate on the nomination equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote without intervening action or debate on the nomination; that following dis-position of the nomination, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further mo-tions be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; 
that the President be immediately no-tified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. NATIONAL CHARACTER COUNTS 
WEEK 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 276, which was submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 276) designating the 
week beginning October 18, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Character Counts Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 276) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 4 p.m., Monday, October 5; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 5 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; finally, that following morning business, the Senate proceed to executive session as under the pre-vious order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
OCTOBER 5, 2015, AT 4 P.M. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 5:54 p.m., adjourned until Monday, October 5, 2015, at 4 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC6.033 S01OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1401 October 1, 2015 
DIRECTING THE CLERK OF THE 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 719 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 30, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
strong opposition to H. Con. Res. 79, which seeks to add language to the underlying Con-tinuing Resolution before it is sent to the President to eliminate federal funding for Planned Parenthood and its affiliates for one year. 
H. Con. Res. 79 is nothing more than a po-
litical exercise in futility, and yet another at-tempt to appease extremists in the Republican Conference who are determined to limit wom-en’s access to critical health care services. 
This concurrent resolution is substantively 
identical to both the language in H.R. 3134, which the House has already passed and the Senate has refused to consider, and the Con-tinuing Resolution that was rejected by a bi-partisan majority of 47 to 52 in the Senate last week. With just hours left to pass legislation to keep our government open, we should not be hindering access to women’s health care. 
Mr. Speaker, opposition to these political 
gimmicks is not limited to Democrats in Con-gress. Earlier this week the fight over 
defunding Planned Parenthood and similar scuffles facilitated by fringe elements of the Republican party lead to the resignation of the Speaker of the House, and has divided the Republican conference so fervently that we can again expect a very real threat of a gov-ernment shutdown in December. 
The reality is, the Continuing Resolution we 
are currently considering does not provide one cent of federal funding for Planned Parent-hood, as my Republican friend Representative T
OMCOLE, Chairman of the Appropriations 
Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies, astutely points out. Knowing this, I am both bewildered and outraged that we are using precious time considering another bill de-signed to restrict the constitutional reproduc-tive rights of women to satisfy the extreme po-litical agenda of a few in Congress. 
Planned Parenthood has long served as a 
critical health safety net for millions of men and women. Over 90 percent of the services it provides are preventative in nature, including cancer screenings, testing for sexually trans-mitted infections, and family planning services. Indeed, each year Planned Parenthood cen-ters provide an average of 400,000 cervical cancer screenings, 500,000 breast cancer screenings, and nearly 4.5 million tests and treatments for sexually transmitted infections. Defunding this important organization and its affiliates would do an immeasurable disservice to millions of Americans. 
Like it or not, the Supreme Court’s ruling in 
Roe v. Wade conferred upon women the right to do with their own bodies what they deter-
mine best until the point of viability. This deci-sion acknowledges the notion that the choice to have an abortion is excruciatingly difficult, and belongs exclusively with a woman, in con-sultation with her doctor and god. To subject this right to the ideological whims of politicians flies in the face of years of Supreme Court ju-risprudence and is an unconscionable affront to women’s health. 
f 
TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 30, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to stop the government from shutting down. 
What we are doing today is budgeting or 
appropriating but a desperate Hail Mary to save thousands of jobs and prevent another waste of $24 billion in lost economic produc-tivity like we saw the last time House Repub-licans succeeded in shutting down the govern-ment. 
Today I will vote for H.R. 719 even though 
it goes against sound fiscal practice by includ-ing the budget gimmickry known as sequestra-tion, a fiscal bludgeon that makes across the board cuts in funding for the valuable services depended upon by American children, seniors, workers, veterans, students, and small busi-nesses. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 719, ‘‘Continuing Appro-
priations for Fiscal Year 2016,’’ which extends current Fiscal Year 2015 government funding for nearly all agencies through December 11, 2015, at a rate equal to an annual level of $1.017 trillion, a level consistent with the com-bined top-line post-sequester discretionary spending caps for Fiscal Year 2016 set by the Budget Control Act. 
H.R. 719 also provides funding for Overseas 
Contingency Operations, which are exempt from the BCA caps, at a rate of $74.8 billion, an amount roughly equal to a continuation of the Fiscal Year 2015 level. 
Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed that we 
have again been placed in the position of hav-ing to fund the government through the device of a continuing resolution rather than through the normal appropriations process of consid-ering and voting on the twelve separate spending bills reported by the Committee on Appropriations. 
Although the House considered and passed 
several of the annual spending bills, none of them received consideration in the Senate be-cause of the refusal of the House leadership to reach agreement with the Senate on an ap-propriate framework for all appropriations bills that does not harm our economy or require draconian cuts to middle-class priorities. 
Without such an agreement, House Repub-
lican appropriation bills will result in: 1. hundreds of thousands of low-income 
children losing access to Head Start pro-grams, 
2. tens of thousands of children with disabil-
ities losing federal funding for their special education teachers and aides, 
3. thousands of federal agents who will not 
be able to secure the border, enforce drug laws, combat violent crime or apprehend fugi-tives; and 
4. thousands of scientists without medical 
grants to conduct research to find new treat-ments and cures for diseases like breast can-cer and Alzheimer’s. 
As a result of the failure to reach a budget 
agreement, we now find ourselves facing the Hobson’s choice of rejecting the Continuing Resolution now pending which likely will result in a cessation of government operations or ap-proving the Continuing Resolution and con-tinuing adherence to the draconian spending limits imposed by the Budget Control Act of 2011. 
Faced with this dilemma, I reluctantly will 
vote for H.R. 719 because in the cir-cumstances it would be irresponsible to do otherwise. 
H.R. 719 is not perfect—far from it—but it is 
a modest and positive step toward preventing Republicans from shutting down the govern-ment again and manufacturing crises that only harm our economy, destroy jobs, and weaken our middle class. 
The government shutdown of 2013, which 
was manufactured by the Republican majority lasted 16 days and cost taxpayers $24 billion. 
The cost to federal employees and the peo-
ple they serve cannot be calculated. 
Mr. Speaker, as with any compromise there 
are some things in the agreement that I sup-port and some things that I strongly oppose. 
For example, I support the provisions in the 
Continuing Resolution ensuring that funding for appropriated entitlements continue at a rate maintaining program levels under current law. 
I also support the provisions allowing the 
State Department, USAID, BBG, and related agencies to expend funds in the absence of an authorization, and authorizing continuation of certain intelligence activities. 
I support the provisions in H.R. 719 that 
provide $700 million in emergency funding for government efforts to fight wildfires in Western states and that give the VA budget flexibility to finish construction of a facility in Denver. 
Finally, I am very pleased that House Re-
publicans have jettisoned any serious efforts to shut down the government over the obses-sion with defunding Planned Parenthood and opposition to women’s reproductive rights. 
On the other hand, I am very disappointed 
that the Continuing Resolution again misses the opportunity to reauthorize two critical pro-grams: the Export-Import Bank and the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
The Export-Import Bank provides critical fi-
nancing assistance—at no cost to taxpayers— to small, medium, and large-sized U.S. busi-nesses, helping them to create jobs at home and sell products overseas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01OC8.001 E01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1402 October 1, 2015 
The Land and Water Conservation Fund is 
a bipartisan, popular, 50-year program that uses royalties from federal oil and gas leases 
for land acquisition and parks across the country. 
The LWCF program supports more than 6 
million U.S. jobs connected with outdoor recre-ation at no cost to taxpayers. 
Without action by Congress, LWCF will ex-
pire on September 30, authorization for the Ex-Im Bank expired June 30, 2015, and has been hurting U.S. exporters and workers daily ever since. 
I also strongly disapprove of the rescission 
of $1.7 billion from the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program (CHIP) and the across the board reduction in funding levels for most pro-grams and activities from their FY 2015 levels by 0.21%. 
Nevertheless, the agreement allows Con-
gress to keep the federal government open to serve the American people and gives the Con-gress and the Administration ten weeks to reach agreement on a fair and balanced budg-et that provides the funds for the investments in human capital and physical infrastructure needed to maintain American competitiveness in the global economy of the 21st century. 
And one of the most important things we 
can do is end the draconian sequestration that has been in effect since 2011. 
Mr. Speaker, to illustrate how strongly I feel 
about the need to end sequestration, let me chronicle the severity of the suffering and pain inflicted by sequestration on the most vulner-able residents of Texas and the constituents that I serve. 
Head Start and Early Head Start services 
were eliminated or severely impacted with ap-proximately 4,800 children being impacted throughout the state of Texas. 
Families in my district who rely on Federal 
Government programs like Head Start are hurting. 
The pain did not start with the 2013 shut-
down, but with sequestration which hit Head Start programs for 3 to 4 year olds in the Houston area hard: $5,341 million cut; 109 Employees cut; 699 Slots for children cut. 
Head Start and Early Head Start Programs 
were further stressed by the federal govern-ment shutdown. 
My support of Head Start and Early Head 
Start is based on what I have seen and heard about programs like the AVANCE-Houston Early Head Start program serving parents and children in the 18th Congressional District. 
The AVANCE-Houston Early Head Start is a 
program serving low income families in my Houston Texas District. 
I have visited with AVANCE-Houston admin-
istrators many times to get an update on how low-income families with infants and toddlers and pregnant women served by the program were doing. 
The AVANCE-Houston Early Head Start’s 
mission is simple: AVANCE-Houston works for healthy prenatal outcomes for pregnant women, enhances the development of very young children, and promotes healthy family functioning. 
AVANCE-Houston serves nearly 1,800 chil-
dren city wide; each of these families and their children are suffering the effects of the se-questration. 
Sequestration has cost AVANCE-Houston 
over $842,518 Head Start and Early Head Start in lost funding and put on hold the head start on the future our children deserve. As I stated, Mr. Speaker, this Continuing 
Resolution is not perfect and it only funds the government until December 11, 2015, but it is better than the alternative we faced in 2013 when House Republicans shut down the gov-ernment for 16 days and cost our economy $24 billion in lost economic productivity. 
For that reason, I will vote for H.R. 719 and 
renew my call that all members of the House and Senate work together and with the Presi-dent to reach agreement on an appropriate budget framework that ends sequestration but does not harm our economy or require draco-nian cuts to middle-class priorities. 
f 
MALNUTRITION AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. MARCIA L. FUDGE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to bring at-
tention to Malnutrition Awareness Week. I sa-lute those who fight against this underesti-mated but very important disease. While we often talk about hunger, obesity, food insecu-rity and other topics that deal with what and how we eat, we do not talk nearly enough about the common thread that links these issues together: malnutrition. 
Though not commonly viewed as a medical 
concern in the U.S., malnutrition is a serious disease that largely affects certain demo-graphic groups, such as older adults, hospital-ized patients and minorities. For example, older African Americans have a significantly higher risk of malnutrition compared to their white counterparts. 
A recent study estimated the economic bur-
den of community-based diseases associated with malnutrition to be $157 billion per year. Studies have further shown that chronic dis-ease is often linked with malnutrition, and 1 in 3 patients arrive at our hospitals malnour-ished. This translates into higher health care costs, increased readmission rates, and longer hospital stays. We need real, cost-effective so-lutions, particularly for those who need care the most. 
We also need more vigilance and action in 
the area of good nutrition. Malnutrition screen-ing, assessment, and appropriate nutritional interventions for older adults could be vital to them leading healthier lives and saving on healthcare costs. We cannot afford to ignore such low-cost solutions. 
September 28 through October 2 has been 
designated as Malnutrition Awareness Week. Hopefully increased awareness about this problem will lead to healthier aging of citizens across all our communities. 
f 
BOB BRIGGS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Bob Briggs for receiving the Jefferson County 2015 Hall of Fame Award from the West Chamber. 
The Hall of Fame Award recognizes out-
standing individuals who have had significant, long-lasting impacts through their leadership 
and contributions to Jefferson County’s econ-omy, community and legacy. 
As a third-generation Coloradan, Bob 
earned a degree from Colorado State Univer-sity in horticulture. In 1961, Bob founded Briggs Flower Shop and Garden Center. From there, Bob became engaged in various com-munity and political activities in Jefferson County, such as serving as Adams County Commissioner. 
As Commissioner, he helped prevent the 
expansion of Stapleton Airport on to the Rocky Mountain Arsenal which ultimately led to the construction of Denver International Airport (DIA). Bob also served as President of Adams County Economic Development for three years. During his tenure, he helped in efforts to secure the South West Mall and build the Front Range Airport. Bob went on to be elect-ed as a Council Member for Westminster in 2007. 
Bob’s extracurricular work also had tremen-
dous impacts including his work on the board of the Butterfly Pavilion where he helped spearhead the City Wide Trail system, a sys-tem that is responsible for 15 percent of West-minster’s open space today. Bob also served as a board member of the Regional Transpor-tation District where he approved the project ideas that became FasTracks, TREX, and Union Station Light Rail station. 
Congratulations to Bob Briggs for this well- 
deserved honor by the West Chamber. I am grateful for his contributions to Jefferson County. 
f 
IN COMMEMORATION OF THE 100TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE CUM-BERLAND COUNTY ASSOCIATION OF TOWNSHIP OFFICIALS 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor 
to help commemorate the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the Cumberland County Association of Township Officials. Over the past century, the organization has consistently endeavored to advance the interests of Cum-berland County’s 18 townships and has dili-gently served my constituents. 
First established in 1915, the organization 
continues to provide an arena for the discus-sion of issues of local and regional impor-tance. Furthermore, the association serves over 400 township officials in Cumberland County by hosting informational conferences, offering training opportunities, and advocating for its members at the county, state, and fed-eral levels. Most importantly, the organization helps a range of supervisors, managers, sec-retaries, treasurers, tax collectors, and audi-tors develop a better understanding of the rights and duties of township officials—an in-valuable educational service. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize 
the Cumberland County Association of Town-ship Officials as it celebrates its 100th anniver-sary. I am incredibly grateful for this commu-nity organization that strives every day to en-sure the future stability and prosperity of Cum-berland County. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01OC8.002 E01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1403 October 1, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF DIANE 
CALLAHAN 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Ms. Diane Callahan, who is retiring after 15 dedicated years of public service in High-land Village. The city has benefited immeas-urably from her unfaltering precision, unfailing commitment, and unwavering devotion to the residents she serves. 
Ms. Callahan began serving the City of 
Highland Village in 2000 as an administrative secretary. She performed zealously in this role by compiling meticulous reports and utilizing her comprehensive knowledge of city policy to the benefit of constituents and businesses alike. In 2008, after several years of ardent work and study she earned her Texas Reg-istered Municipal Clerk certification. In 2011, Ms. Callahan was appointed City Secretary of Highland Village. In large part due to her ef-forts, the City of Highland Village has operated efficiently and reliably, thereby solidifying the quality of life residents of the city have come to enjoy. 
Ms. Callahan had an extensive breadth of 
duties as Highland Village’s City Secretary. She was responsible for keeping all seven council members informed on city events and developments as well as maintaining city ordi-nances, coordinating municipal and special elections, and responding in a timely manner to public information requests. Ms. Callahan performed these duties with sterling customer service. 
In 2014, Ms. Callahan attained the title of 
Certified Municipal Clerk, an award distributed by the International Institute of Municipal Clerks, in recognition of her vast experience and attendance at an exhaustive number of educational programs. Additionally, Ms. Cal-lahan was honored by the North Texas Munic-ipal Clerks Association as the 2015 Municipal Clerk of the Year. This most recent achieve-ment is a testimony to the professional reputa-tion she has built with her commitment to ex-cellence. 
As Ms. Callahan retires, she is highly es-
teemed by her colleagues and the community she has served for 15 years, and she will be greatly missed. It is my privilege to honor such an outstanding citizen and serve the City of Highland Village in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives. 
f 
JAMES E. DALE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud James E. Dale for receiving the Golden Mayor’s Award for Excellence. 
The Golden Mayor’s Award for Excellence 
recognizes organizations, businesses and indi-viduals that significantly contribute to the wellbeing and improvement of the City of Golden. 
Jim has served on the Citizens’ Budget Ad-
visory Committee and the Golden Planning Commission. He was a founding member of 
the Sustainability Taskforce, and he currently serves on the Citizens Sustainability Advisory Board and the Golden Visitors Center Board. Additionally, he supports the Golden History Museum, Landmarks Association, Foothills Art Center, Miners Alley Playhouse and Colorado Cowboy Gathering. 
I congratulate James E. Dale for being the 
recipient of this well-deserved honor by Mayor Marjorie Sloan, and I thank him for his contin-ued commitment to the City of Golden. 
f 
HONORING TAIWAN’S 104TH 
NATIONAL DAY 
HON. SCOTT GARRETT 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Taiwan’s 104th National Day on Oc-tober 10th, also known as Double Ten Day. 
Both the United States and Taiwan share 
the belief that remembering our countries’ her-itage is critical to forging a path to a better to-morrow. Only a few decades ago, Taiwan was an authoritarian state. Yet today, presidents and legislators are elected through a peaceful, democratic process. I applaud Taiwan for cherishing these liberties rather than taking them for granted. 
The United States has been a close ally of 
Taiwan for many years, and our friendship is solidified by our core set of shared values. Justice, rule of law, human rights, and free-dom of the press are treasured by people in both the United States and Taiwan. Further-more, Taiwan is an important security and economic partner of the United States. 
As a member of the Congressional Taiwan 
Caucus, I am pleased to see Taiwan’s admis-sion to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation group and World Trade Organization, as well as Taiwan’s observer status at the World Health Organization. However, Taiwan and its 23 million people are still not fully represented in the United Nations. It is vital for the United States to continue to stand with Taiwan by supporting its meaningful participation in inter-national bodies. This is why I have introduced H. Con. Res. 76, which supports Taiwan’s full membership in the United Nations. I urge my colleagues in Congress to join me in sup-porting Taiwan’s full and equal membership in the United Nations and other international or-ganizations. 
I would again like to congratulate the people 
of Taiwan on their 104th National Day. This anniversary is a time to remember the sac-rifices of the past and to look ahead to a promising future. 
f 
IN VENERATION OF RETIRED 
MAJOR JOHN SPARKS 
HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to pay tribute to the accomplish-ments of the retired Major John Sparks. Major Sparks is a trailblazer for the African American community, with a career that spans fifty- 
seven years and three very different indus-tries. 
Major Sparks joined the U.S. Marine Corps 
in 1954. After finishing first in his Drill Instruc-tor School in San Diego, Major Sparks went on to serve his country in the Vietnam War. He was one of two African Americans to re-ceive Battlefield Commission. Furthermore, Major Sparks continued to make strides as a service man when he was the first African American officer to be chosen to command Marines aboard a ship. Despite facing perva-sive racism and segregation, John Sparks climbed the ranks of the US Marine Corps until he retired as a Major in 1978. 
With the asset of military training and serv-
ice, Major Sparks joined the business world. After serving in the Marine Corps for over twenty years, he worked as Director of Edu-cational Training at IBM for twenty years. Not done giving back to his community, Major Sparks subsequently taught at Booker T. Washington high school for thirteen years be-fore retiring. 
Major Sparks has spent his professional ca-
reer educating, leading and serving the Amer-ican people in a number of different industries. There is much that can be said about Major Sparks’ diverse career. He undoubtedly opened doors for those that served after him in the armed services. He has helped educate and inspire both young minds and young pro-fessionals. He has been not only a leader in the military but also within his own community. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to not only honor 
the impressive achievements of this man, but also to commend his compassionate contribu-tions to my Congressional district and to the great State of Georgia. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this distinguished indi-vidual. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. JOSEPH 
SCIAME, RECIPIENT OF THE SONS OF ITALY’S 2015 GUGLIELMO MARCONI AWARD 
HON. KATHLEEN M. RICE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of Mr. Joseph Sciame, a resident of New Hyde Park, New York and life-long public servant who recently received the Sons of Italy’s 2015 Guglielmo Marconi Award, which is presented biennially to an Italian American who has made significant contributions to the United States. 
Mr. Sciame is truly deserving of this honor, 
as he has worked tirelessly throughout his life to serve others and strengthen the commu-nities in which he lives and works. Mr. Sciame currently serves as Vice President of Commu-nity Relations at St. John’s University, the largest Catholic university in the United States. As a St. John’s alumnus and university admin-istrator for three decades, Mr. Sciame has truly dedicated his life to serving the school and its surrounding community. He also serves as a board member of the Jamaica and Staten Island Chambers of Commerce, the Kupferberg Holocaust Center, and the Boy Scouts of America, and chairs the Board of Ethics of the Town of North Hempstead. Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01OC8.003 E01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1404 October 1, 2015 
Sciame is the former Chairman of the National 
Association of Student Aid Administrators, and has long been active in the field of financial aid and higher education, both in New York and nationwide. 
As a proud and active Italian American, Mr. 
Sciame’s commitment to public service ex-tends beyond St. John’s University. He cur-rently serves as Chairman of the Conference of Presidents of Major Italian American Orga-
nizations and was the former National and State President and Foundation Trustee of the Sons of Italy, the largest and oldest Italian American fraternal organization. 
I would like to congratulate Mr. Sciame on 
receiving the 2015 Guglielmo Marconi Award, the Sons of Italy’s highest honor, and thank him for his service to our district and country. Mr. Sciame is a testament to the valuable con-tributions that Italian Americans have made to the United States throughout our history, and it is a tremendous honor to count him among my constituents. 
f 
JOHN TRACY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud John Tracy for receiving the Jefferson County 2015 Hall of Fame Award from the West Chamber. 
The Hall of Fame Award recognizes out-
standing individuals who have had significant, long-lasting impacts through their leadership and contributions to Jefferson County’s econ-omy, community and legacy. 
John Tracy has shown a lifelong dedication 
to the Jefferson County community. John’s ex-tensive involvement in three local Chambers of Commerce—Golden, West and Wheat Ridge—has helped to bring in new members, create new community events, and support economic development in the region. 
For the past ten years, John has served on 
the Jefferson County Business Lobby and the Lakewood Legacy Foundation. He has also held positions with the Golden Chamber Downtown Merchants and Golden Good Gov-ernment League for more than 20 years. In addition, John helped found both the Applewood Business Association and the Wheat Ridge Business Association. 
Currently, John owns his own publishing 
company, John Tracy Publishing. In 2011, the City of Golden awarded John with the ‘Golden Living Landmark Award’ for his exceptional and diverse involvement in the community. Additionally, he has been recognized with Golden Rotary’s ‘Service Above Self’ award and the Golden Chamber’s ‘Charlie O’Brien Award.’ 
Congratulations to John Tracy for this well- 
deserved honor by the West Chamber. I am grateful for his contributions to Jefferson County. HONORING MALAKOFF 
ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, today I 
would like to honor Malakoff Elementary School of the Malakoff Independent School District from the Fifth Congressional District of Texas for excellence in education. Malakoff El-ementary School was named to the United States Department of Education’s 2015 Blue Ribbon Schools Program, which: ‘‘recognizes public and private elementary, middle, and high schools where students perform at very high levels or where significant improvements are being made in students’ levels of aca-demic achievement.’’ 
Malakoff Elementary School’s performance 
illustrates the commitment and dedication of the school board, administrators, teachers, and staff who provide students with a quality education. The school district, parents, stu-dents, and community should be applauded for this achievement. 
Mr. Speaker, as the representative for the 
Fifth Congressional District of Texas, I would like to commend Malakoff Elementary School for their continued educational achievements. 
f 
NATIONAL DAY OF THE REPUBLIC 
OF CHINA 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, October 10th is 
the national day of the Republic of China (Tai-wan). This day commemorates the launch of the Wuchang Uprising of 1911, which in turn led to the establishment of the Republic of China (Taiwan) on January 1, 1912. As the United States and Taiwan share a close rela-tionship, I would like to take this opportunity to wish the people of Taiwan a very Happy Dou-ble Ten Day. 
The relationship between the United States 
and Taiwan is both deep and longstanding, and encompass areas including security, cul-ture, and trade. Taiwan is the 10th largest trading partner for the U.S., while the U.S. is Taiwan’s largest foreign investor. In 2014, 24% of Taiwan’s total agricultural imports came from the U.S. Since 1993, Taiwan has been the 7th largest overseas market for U.S. agricultural exports. In 2014, Taiwan imported nearly $3.5 billion of U.S. agricultural products, up 10 percent from the previous year, making Taiwan one of the world’s largest consumers for U.S. agricultural products on a per capita basis. I am pleased that the 2015 Taiwan Ag-ricultural Trade Goodwill Mission just com-pleted a successful visit to the United States including my home state of Illinois. 
Taiwan also has proven its leadership in the 
global arena through its commitment to de-mocracy, by contributing to international devel-opment and humanitarian missions, and through bold diplomatic initiatives such as President Ma’s East China Sea Peace Initia-tive and his South China Sea Peace Initiative, which seek to reduce tensions in those dis-puted waters. As a result of these efforts, a 
challenging world is in many ways a better place. I offer my thanks to Taiwan for their commitment democracy and stability in Asia and my best wishes to their people they ob-serve and celebrate Double Ten Day. 
f 
EMMY DIMITROFF 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Emmy Dimitroff for receiving the Golden Mayor’s Award for Excellence. 
The Golden Mayor’s Award for Excellence 
recognizes organizations, businesses and indi-viduals that significantly contribute to the wellbeing and improvement of the City of Golden. 
Raised and schooled in Golden, Emmy has 
become a community leader through her six years of service on the Parks and Recreation Advisory Board, her work at the Clear Creek History Park and her leadership in Mitchell El-ementary School’s Environmental Learning for the Future. Additionally, she is a substitute teacher in the Jefferson County School Sys-tem. 
I congratulate Emmy Dimitroff for being the 
recipient of this well-deserved honor by Mayor Marjorie Sloan, and I thank Emmy for her con-tinued commitment to the people and families of Golden. 
f 
NATIONAL DAY OF THE REPUBLIC 
OF CHINA (TAIWAN) 
HON. BARRY LOUDERMILK 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, as Amer-
ica joins in the celebration of the National Day of the Republic of China (Taiwan), it is reflec-tive of the strong relationship between Taiwan and the United States. 
Located in a challenging regional environ-
ment, Taiwan has manifested its representa-tive democracy as they strive to ensure a sta-ble, strong government. Their thriving econ-omy demonstrates their disciplined pursuit in fostering freedom and moral principles within their borders. The people of Taiwan are de-voted to principles of liberty and self-govern-ance, and they display a remarkable work ethic within their communities. 
Since the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA), 
signed in December of 1978, the United States stands with Taiwan, seeking to help maintain their peace and security. Marked by the TRA, America will continue to provide suf-ficient self-defense capabilities for Taiwan, in order to safeguard their homeland. 
Taiwan has proven to be a generous con-
tributor to global efforts in fighting against dis-ease and illness, and has been heavily in-volved in humanitarian assistance. They aided West Africa when faced with the Ebola out-break, they provided Latin America and the Caribbean region training in preparedness and response for emergency situations, and they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01OC8.006 E01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1405 October 1, 2015 
have responded to crises by delivering pre- 
fabricated shelters and disaster relief to nu-merous countries. They even charitably do-nated $1 million towards a memorial for Presi-dent Eisenhower on the National Mall in Washington, DC. Their involvement in world-wide affairs shows their genuine care and con-cern for America and our neighbors across the globe. 
The United States is committed to sup-
porting Taiwan and remaining their ally, and will help them in their efforts to pursue free-dom and democracy. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE AND SAC-
RIFICE OF DEPUTY SHERIFF WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ MYERS 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with both profound sadness and deep grati-tude that I pay tribute to Deputy Sheriff Wil-liam Myers, of the Okaloosa County, Florida Sheriff’s Office, who gave his life in the line of duty on September 22, 2015. Deputy Myers served our Nation and the Okaloosa Sheriff’s Office with honor and distinction, and I am humbled to recognize his service and selfless sacrifice. 
Deputy Sheriff William ‘‘Bill’’ Myers dedi-
cated his life to serving his country. He faith-fully served in the United States Air Force for 20 years, during which he was awarded the Meritorious Service Medal. After he left the military, Deputy Myers worked as a part-time Officer with the Valparaiso Police Department. In December 1989, he joined the Okaloosa County Sheriff’s Office as a Deputy Sheriff serving the local Northwest Florida community. During his tenure, he served in the Patrol Divi-sion, Court Security, and the Traffic Unit. Dep-uty Myers retired from the Okaloosa County Sheriff’s Department on November 30, 2013 with 25 years of service, but continued his work with the agency as a volunteer. In Janu-ary of this year, Deputy Myers returned to the Sheriff’s Office as a part-time Deputy in Judi-cial Process. Upon serving a Domestic Vio-lence Injunction on Tuesday, September 22, 2015, the suspect who was expected to turn over his firearms, instead opened fire, fatally injuring Deputy Myers. 
Through his military service and his law en-
forcement career, Deputy Myers made a choice to stand up and serve his country and community. There is no greater honor than to serve and protect the lives of your fellow man at the risk of your own. Deputy Myers exempli-fied the dedication to service and courage that is needed to make that decision and put on the uniform. As a law enforcement officer, Deputy Myers put himself in danger each and every day to protect and serve our community. We all entrust our lives to law enforcement of-ficers because we know that when faced with serious criminal threats, they are trained to act quickly and effectively to neutralize the threat and protect civilian lives. We all pray that our officers do not have to confront a serious armed threat, but we sleep well at night know-ing that if necessary they stand ready to pro-tect and defend our community, even if that means making the ultimate sacrifice. In addition to his successful career and un-
wavering leadership in his community, Deputy Myers will be remembered as a dedicated offi-cer and a man full of integrity and kindness. To his family and friends, he will always be re-membered as a loving husband, father, and grandfather. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful commu-
nity and Nation, I am humbled to honor the service and sacrifice of this local hero. My wife Vicki and I offer our sincere condolences to his wife, Jan; sons, Sean, Eric, and Adam; and the entire Myers family. May God bless them and all members of our Nation’s law en-forcement community. 
f 
GRETCHEN CERVENY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Gretchen Cerveny for receiving the Jefferson County 2015 Hall of Fame Award from the West Chamber. 
The Hall of Fame Award recognizes out-
standing individuals who have had significant, long-lasting impacts through their leadership and contributions to Jefferson County’s econ-omy, community and legacy. 
Gretchen started her career as a physical 
therapist and served as the president of the American Physical Therapy Association (APTA) Colorado chapter. Her work in this area received several awards, including the Bob Doctor Service Award from the Colorado Chapter of the APTA, Outstanding Physical Therapist of the Year from the APTA (1980), and a recognition from Lutheran Medical Cen-ter for her twenty-five years of service, some of which as the Physical Therapist Department Head (1976–1994). 
In 1997, Gretchen was elected Mayor of 
Wheat Ridge where she participated in groups such as the Colorado Municipal League, Stra-tegic Visioning Committee, Juvenile Justice Committee, Transportation Committee, and 
Tax Policy Committee, among others. She worked extensively with the Senior Resource Center (SRC) and helped to reauthorize the Older Americans Act. Her efforts as Mayor have been recognized by the Denver Regional Council of Governments and the National As-sociation of Parliamentarians. 
Gretchen spent five years on the Colorado 
Commission on Aging and remains involved with the SRC. Gretchen also serves on the Jefferson County Aging Well Committee and is an active member of the Wheat Ridge Busi-ness Association. 
Congratulations to Gretchen Cerveny for 
this well-deserved honor by the West Cham-ber. I am grateful for her contributions to Jef-ferson County. 
f 
HONORING HAITI RURAL ELECTRIC 
COOPERATIVE LINEMEN 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of 7 volunteer electric linemen from White River Valley in Branson, Missouri, who 
traveled to Haiti this June and August to help provide sustainable seven-day-a-week electric service to Haitians. 
Cory Brandon Sanders, Raymond Roy, Wil-
liam Gyger, William Marr, Matthew Maggard, Mark Visnosky, and Jacob Kennedy donated their time and talents as part of the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association’s (NRECA) Haiti Rural Electric Cooperative (HREC) program. 
This project is the first formal privately 
owned and operated distribution utility in the country, which intends to demonstrate the fea-sibility of solar-diesel hybrid power generation for isolated rural mini-grids. The goal that these men worked toward making 1,600 con-nections within a grid to unite the underserved Haitian communes of Roche-a-Bateau, Coteaux, and Port-a-Piment. 
Mr. Speaker, these 7 selfless linemen from 
Southwest Missouri deserve our thanks and recognition for their dedication to the HREC’s noble goal of bringing affordable and reliable power to the southern coast of Haiti. Stories like theirs make me ever-prouder to serve Mis-souri’s Seventh Congressional District. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE THE LAND AND 
WATER CONSERVATION FUND 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to 
speak out in favor of reauthorizing the Land and Water Conservation Fund. As you know, the Land and Water Conservation Fund was established fifty years ago and has since be-come our nation’s most successful conserva-tion program—all without spending a single dime of taxpayer dollars. I wish to show my strong support for reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
The Land and Water Conservation Fund is 
a crucial component of our nation’s conserva-tion initiatives. As an avid hunter and out-doorsman, I believe that preserving our na-tion’s natural treasures for future generations is a responsibility that we must take seriously. Not only is stewardship of our lands the right thing to do, but it’s also a sound investment. We know that every dollar spent acquiring LWCF land creates a return of four dollars to local communities. Outdoor recreation activi-ties contribute significantly to our national and state economies. In my home state of Wis-consin, outdoor recreational activities con-tribute over $9.7 billion to our state economy each year. 
The Land and Water Conservation Fund 
has helped to create outdoor recreation oppor-tunities for each and every state. Wisconsin has received $211 million to fund such projects as the Chequamegon-Nicolet National Forest, the Lower St. Croix National Scenic River, and the Ice Age National Scenic Trail, where the Land and Water Conservation Fund participated in a highly successful public-pri-vate partnership to preserve additional sec-tions of the trail. LWCF’s grant programs have also allowed state and local governments to decide which conservation programs work best for them. The Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund’s highly successful grant program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01OC8.019 E01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1406 October 1, 2015 
matches federal dollars with state and local 
contributions to ensure a cooperative ap-proach to conserving our nation’s environ-ment. In Wisconsin, the LWCF has contributed $3,675,681 to match state and local conserva-tion projects and to help us preserve Wiscon-sin’s beautiful outdoors. 
For the past fifty years, the Land and Water 
Conservation Fund has played an integral role in achieving our nation’s conservation goals. I urge my colleagues to support reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund so that we can continue to protect our wildlife, create opportunities and access to public lands for sportsmen and women, and provide economic benefits to our state and local com-munities. 
f 
PREMIUM PANELS, INC. 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Premium Panels Inc. in Ar-vada, Colorado for being honored by Colorado Companies to Watch (CCTW). 
CCTW is a unique awards program that rec-
ognizes and celebrates the contribution and innovation of diverse second-stage companies that exemplify strong management and com-munity service involvement. While there are many outstanding companies in Colorado, Premium Panels Inc. was chosen based on their positive impact on economic growth in the region. 
Premium Panels began in 2000 as a sin-
gular operation in Arvada, Colorado with Jeff Patch at the helm. Today, the company has approximately 34 employees and has grown to be a leader in metal roofing panels for com-mercial and residential roofing. 
The spirit of the Premium Panels organiza-
tion is fueled by strong company values of in-tegrity, respect, customer satisfaction, and education. They are strong advocates for the roofing industry. Through volunteerism with the Colorado Roofers Association, Premium Panels helps educate roofers on safety meas-ures and new and improved installation meth-ods. 
I congratulate Premium Panels Inc. and all 
of their employees for being recognized as a Colorado Company to Watch. I am proud of the service they provide our community and am certain their service will continue to benefit the roofing industry and our communities for decades to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING EDWARD SORGE 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the untiring dedication of Staten Is-land’s Edward Sorge in his service to the com-munity. 
Born on October 6, 1934, Edward has re-
mained a lifelong Staten Islander. After grad-uating from New Dorp High School in 1952, Ed’s patriotism led him to enlist in the U.S. Air Force, where he served his country honorably. 
In addition to his love of country was his love of golf. It goes without saying that as a two- time Staten Island Amateur Golf Champion, he certainly knows his way around the greens. 
After his service in the Air Force, Ed be-
came a PGA Professional at Silver Lake Golf Course, where he served for over 20 years. Among his former students there include PGA Tour Member Bill Britton and Staten Island Amateur and Classic champions Pete Meurer, Rod Stilwell, and Ed Sorge, Jr. After leaving Silver Lake Golf Course in 1988, Ed continued his work as a PGA Professional for an addi-tional 20 years, conducting numerous junior golf clinics. 
Since 2009, Ed has volunteered with sev-
eral charitable organizations in his community. He has devoted his time at myriad golf events to raise money for charity by directing clinics before the shotgun starts and participating in ‘‘Beat the Pro’’ competitions on a par three hole during the rounds. Alongside his devotion to volunteering, Ed’s goal as a PGA profes-sional is to make the game of golf enjoyable for everyone. 
Mr. Speaker, Edward Sorge’s dedication to 
charity and improving his community is the es-sence of the model Staten Islander. I thank him for all of his great work and I am proud to honor this great American from New York’s 11th District. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE HOYT LI-
BRARY OF SAGINAW ON THEIR 125TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the Hoyt Library on the occasion of their 125th year of continuous service. It stands today as a shining example of a beau-tiful, historic, and functional modern library. 
In 1890, The Saginaw Evening News de-
clared the Hoyt Library ‘‘a noble institution’’ and ‘‘the pride of all Saginawians.’’ The library was a gift to the people of Saginaw from New York businessman Jesse Hoyt (1815 through 1882), who had real estate and lumber inter-ests in the Saginaw Valley. Hoyt’s will set aside $100,000 for a public library in East Saginaw. After a national competition among leading architects, the Hoyt Trust chose the Boston architectural firm of Van Brunt and Howe. When the Richardsonian Romanesque style building was completed it exemplified modern library construction. The present build-ing includes a 1921 addition by Edward Tilton of New York and a 1960 addition by Frederick E. Wigen Architects of Saginaw. 
Harriet Ames, the first librarian at Hoyt, was 
a Boston scholar and a pioneer in librarianship who brought her passion for good books and reading to a commercial Midwestern boom-town. She served Saginaw for over 30 years and brought cultural and educational advance-ment not just to Saginaw, but to the entire state of Michigan through her dedication to scholarly pursuits. 
Sparked by Ms. Ames, the Hoyt Library re-
mains a fixture in the cultural and educational realm in Michigan. It is home to one of the premier Local History and Genealogy collec-
tions in Michigan and the greater Midwest. Hoyt Library has served as a government doc-uments depository for all 125 years of oper-ation. Beyond its historically significant ar-chives and up-to-date print collections, the Li-brary provides meeting spaces and quiet read-ing nooks along with internet access com-puters and Wi-Fi for today’s technologically savvy library users. The library staff remains dedicated to providing professional library pro-grams and services to all who enter. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the work done by 
the Hoyt Library in Saginaw and thank them for the service they have provided to the city of Saginaw. 
f 
CHRISTIAN ACTION GUILD 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud the Christian Action Guild (CAG) for receiving the Golden Mayor’s Award for Excellence. 
The Golden Mayor’s Award for Excellence 
recognizes organizations, businesses and indi-viduals that significantly contribute to the wellbeing and improvement of the City of Golden. 
For 49 years, the Christian Action Guild has 
provided food, clothing and financial assist-ance to Golden residents in need. Each month, CAG serves over 400 at-risk Golden families, individuals and members of the homeless community, providing personal prod-ucts, canned goods, and fresh food items. 
I congratulate the Christian Action Guild for 
being the recipient of this well-deserved honor by Mayor Marjorie Sloan and I thank all the members of the CAG for their continued com-mitment to the people and families they serve. 
f 
COMMEMORATING NATIONAL DAY 
OF THE REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the National Day of the Repub-lic of China and to highlight the close relation-ship between Taiwan and the United States of America. October 10th marks the anniversary of the creation of the Republic of China in 1912. National Day celebrates Taiwanese de-mocracy, its culture and its accomplished peo-ple and this occasion provides the United States an opportunity to celebrate our great ally. 
As a leader in the Asia Pacific region, Tai-
wan has experienced incredible economic growth and stability throughout its history. With a population of over 23 million people and a trillion dollar GDP, Taiwan has proved to be one of Asia’s economic engines. The Tai-wanese economy has maintained an impres-sive economic growth rate and has risen to be the 10th-largest trade partner of the United States. Taiwan continues to be an example to other economies around the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01OC8.022 E01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1407 October 1, 2015 
The friendship between our two Nations has 
been mutually prosperous since we joined in unity in the Pacific Theatre in World War II. With this year marking 70 years since the end of the War, our Nation should reflect on how this unique alliance has had such a positive impact on both countries. 
The trust and respect built between our two 
Nations since that time have resulted in tre-mendous technology innovation and global re-sources integration. The cooperation between Taiwan and the United States has enabled the two countries to enhance each other’s strengths and nurture industries that create jobs and opportunities for both nations. 
The cooperation between Taiwan and the 
United States should be a global model for ci-vility, respect, prosperity and peace. 
Mr. Speaker, on National Day we are all re-
minded how strategically important our mutu-ally respectful relationship has been for the Republic of China and the United States. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, last week I 
attended my son’s wedding in Japan causing me to miss the Pope’s historic address to Congress as well as votes on September 24 and 25, 2015. 
Had I been present, I would have voted in 
support of the following bills and amendments. 
1. H.R. 322 2. Lowenthal Amendment to H.R. 348 3. Grijalva Amendment to H.R. 348 4. Gallego Amendment to H.R. 348 5. Jackson Lee Amendment #1 to H.R. 348 6. Dingell Amendment to H.R. 348 7. Jackson Lee Amendment #2 to H.R. 348 8. Peters/Polis/Lowenthal/Lieu Amendment 
to H.R. 348 
9. Johnson (GA) Amendment to H.R. 348 10. Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 
348 
Had I been present I would have voted in 
opposition to the following bills and amend-ments. 
1. Gosar Amendment to H.R. 348 2. Final Passage of H.R. 348 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on roll-
call No. 528, had I been present, I would have voted no. 
f 
SAL AND GAIL GLESSER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Sal and Gail Glesser, the founders and owners of Spyderco 
Knives for receiving the Golden Mayor’s Award for Excellence. 
The Golden Mayor’s Award for Excellence 
recognizes organizations, businesses and indi-viduals that significantly contribute to the wellbeing and improvement of the City of Golden. 
The Glessers founded Spyderco in 1978 
and have expanded their company into a mul-timillion-dollar business, employing more than 80 people in their new facility. Sal and Gail contribute to the Golden community through their support of local events and organizations such as the USA Pro Challenge, the Jeffco Innovator’s Workshop, Foothills Art Center, the local Alzheimer’s Chapter, the Parkinson’s Foundation, and the Pink Fire Trucks program. Additionally, Spyderco has raised tons of food and product donations through employee food drives. 
I congratulate Sal and Gail Glesser for 
being the recipients of this well-deserved honor by Mayor Marjorie Sloan, and I thank them for their continued commitment to the people and families of Golden. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THELMA FAGIN 
HYMAN 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Thelma Fagin Hyman, who de-voted her professional life to teaching in the segregated school system of the District of Columbia and who continued teaching for years after the historic U.S. Supreme Court decision in Brown v. Board of Education ended segregation in the District and else-where. 
The Dunbar Senior High School class of 
1955, which celebrates its 60th anniversary this year, particularly thanks Ms. Hyman for her dedication as a teacher and recognizes her as a mentor of the class of 1955. 
Thelma Fagin Hyman was born January 29, 
1917, at Freeman’s Hospital (now Howard University Hospital) and educated in District of Columbia public schools. She received her Bachelor of Science from Howard University and her Master of Arts from Columbia Univer-sity. Before returning to Dunbar High School in 1946, Ms. Hyman taught physical education at Cardozo High School and Turner Jr. High School in D.C. She remained at Dunbar until she retired in 1964. She was married to Vin-cent Fagin for 38 years until his death. Later, she married Harold Hyman. 
Ms. Hyman taught physical education to 
many students in the Dunbar class of 1955. She personified the excellence and dedication Dunbar teachers brought to their work. The class of 1955 believes it most appropriate to recognize one of its outstanding teachers as the class celebrates its 60th anniversary. At 98, Thelma Fagin Hyman is as lively today as she was as a teacher at Dunbar. 
Along with the class of 1955, I ask the 
House of Representatives to join me in com-mending Thelma Fagin Hyman for her dedica-tion as a teacher in the District of Columbia public schools, particularly at Dunbar High School, and as a mentor of the Dunbar class 
of 1955. 
f 
THE CENTENNIAL OF CONGREGA-
TION BETH SHALOM RODFE ZEDEK 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to congratulate the entire Congregation Beth Shalom Rodfe Zedek on their 100th year of providing a place for spiritual growth and gath-ering to the Jewish community in Chester and the surrounding area. This Congregation has grown from two small groups of farmers who more than a century ago sought a place to gather and worship, to a thriving community and religious center that is a cornerstone of my Congressional district. 
In the 1800s, Jews in Connecticut primarily 
worshiped in small minyans in their homes. But as the Jewish community in our region grew, leaders sought larger, public places to worship. In the mid-1990s, Temple Beth Sha-lom and Congregation Rodfe Zedek merged to become the community that exists today. The building in which they hold services is also a testament to their creativity and collaboration. The new, permanent home for the congrega-tion is the result of work by artist Sol LeWitt and local architect Stephen Lloyd. The syna-gogue pays homage to tradition, made with wooden beams in the style of old eastern Eu-ropean synagogues—many of which were de-stroyed in the Holocaust. It is this commitment to history—and an eye towards the future— that will continue to sustain this congregation for years to come. 
I now ask my colleagues to join me in con-
gratulating Beth Shalom Rodfe Zedek on 100 years of community and congregation, and wish them all the best for the next century of Jewish life in eastern Connecticut. 
f 
HUNGER AND MALNUTRITION 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, hunger and malnutrition affect millions of Americans every day. I have witnessed this in my home state of New Mex-ico, which has some of the highest hunger rates in the country. These rates are espe-cially high among vulnerable populations, such as children and seniors. Many working families have to rely on food banks and church-spon-sored meal programs to put food on the table. Often times, these families live in food deserts and cannot access affordable and healthy foods, which puts them at risk of becoming malnourished. 
Nearly 16 million American children face 
hunger, and most of the food they receive is not considered healthy; rather, their parents are more inclined to buy the most affordable food available. The lack of access to healthy food hurts a child’s development, including physical and mental health, academic achieve-ment and future economic prosperity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01OC8.003 E01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1408 October 1, 2015 
Seniors are among the most physically vul-
nerable to hunger. They face unique nutritional requirements, medical conditions and mobility restrictions. In addition to the lack of access to nutritious foods, many seniors are not able to absorb certain foods, compromising their health and putting them at risk for increased long-term care and hospitalization. 
Although hunger and malnutrition affect so 
many in our communities, Congress is not doing enough to address these issues. In-stead, we’ve seen Congress try time after time to cut funding for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), which provides food for more than 45 million Americans. We’ve also seen Congress attempt to roll back school meal standards, which are aimed to im-prove nutrition among children. 
Cutting funding for nutritional programs will 
not save the federal government money. We know that hunger and malnutrition increase risk of illness and result in longer hospital stays, slower healing, greater risk for re-hos-pitalizations and complications. 
As a government so concerned about health 
care costs, how are we not laser-focused on the nutritional status of patients? We seek so-lutions for health care costs every day, par-ticularly from those dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid. However, it is clear that nutri-tional status deserves more attention. 
September 28 through October 2 has been 
designated as Malnutrition Awareness Week. Let us use this as a call to action to increase awareness and find solutions that support bet-ter nutrition for our communities. Healthy citi-zens mean a healthy society and healthy economy. 
f 
THOMAS MURRAY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Thomas Mur-ray for receiving the Jefferson County 2015 Hall of Fame Award from the West Chamber. 
The Hall of Fame Award recognizes out-
standing individuals who have had significant, long-lasting impacts through their leadership and contributions to Jefferson County’s econ-omy, community and legacy. 
Tom has certainly cemented his place in 
Jefferson County history by laying down the building bricks of the community. Tom, CEO of Lakewood Brick and Tile, inherited the busi-ness from his father and learned the values of hard work and leadership from a young age. 
One of Tom’s biggest passions is education. 
In the 1980s, he served as co-chair of the Steering Committee of the Education-Business Partnership for the Lakewood Chamber. Tom went on to become General Chairman of Edu-cation 2000 for Jefferson County Schools, a position he maintained for four years. He has also served on the boards of the Jefferson Foundation, Warren Vocational Technical High School, and Jefferson County Advisory Coun-cil for Vocational Education. 
Today, Tom continues this dedication to 
education by serving on the Jefferson County Schools’ Capital Improvement Plan Oversight Committee and coaching football at Lakewood High School. Tom’s exceptional work has been recognized with several awards, includ-
ing West Chamber Businessman of the Year, The Sentinel Newspaper Man of the Year, and The Rocky Mountain News Milestone Award. 
Congratulations to Thomas Murray for this 
well-deserved honor by the West Chamber. I am grateful for his contributions to Jefferson County. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 65TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF DALLAS CHRISTIAN COLLEGE 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate 65 years of successful expansion of education and Christianity through Dallas Christian College founded right outside of downtown Dallas in 1950. 
Dallas Christian College (DCC) was estab-
lished by church leaders and an enthusiastic and determined man named Vernon Newland. Vernon had a tough childhood that would push him to strive for a better life for himself and others. Being sent to live with his grandmother at the age of nine Vernon wanted to share God with people all over the world. As Vernon and several family members were traveling to conduct mission work they were sent to a Jap-anese internment camp shortly after arriving in the Philippines. They remained there for al-most three years as they were taken right after Pearl Harbor had occurred. It was when Vernon and his family members returned to the United States that he was motivated to in-crease involvement in the church amongst the population. 
The Dallas Christian College was one of 
several schools Vernon had established, along with approximately two dozen churches and new ones coming along every two months or so. DCC was quickly expanding. With such growth, by the 1960s DCC needed more space and relocated to its current home in Farmers Branch, which resides in the 24th dis-trict of Texas. As DCC grew so did its mission, its reach expanded to troubled neighborhoods and was known for students and alumni to serve in urban centers all over the country. The school would also begin offering new pro-grams teaching psychology, business, and education, attempting to broaden the horizons of its students and prepare them for different paths in life. 
Today DCC aims to educate and mentor the 
student body under God’s influence and pre-pare them for all that life may bring. Training for service to the church and Christian ministry has been significant to the school’s mission. The college wants to ensure that the student 
body is well educated and mentored in many aspects of life. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize 
the 65th anniversary of Dallas Christian Col-lege. I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in celebrating this milestone in the college’s history. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on roll-
call No. 527, had I been present, I would have voted yes. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WORKING 
AMERICANS AND MANUFAC-TURING DAY 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to recognize the hard working men and women of Northside and Eastside Houston and Harris County, Texas and the valuable contributions manufacturers give to our local economy. 
The 29th District of Texas is one of the larg-
est manufacturing districts in the country. Home to the Port of Houston, the Houston Ship Channel, and the largest petrochemical complex in the country, over 31,000 people work in the refineries, chemical plants, pipe and metal manufacturers and machine shops throughout our district. 
Many of these jobs demand technical skills, 
training, and years of experience and have provided good, middle class wages that have paid off many house notes and college tuition bills in my district. 
For the third year in a row, Houston leads 
the nation in merchandise exports—sending $119 billion in manufactured goods overseas. The majority of these exports are related to the oil, gas, and chemical industries. 
I proudly stand with manufacturing workers 
in Houston and around the country, who go to work each day without complaint, and con-tinue to make the label ‘‘Made in America’’ the gold standard in quality worldwide. 
Now is the time for Congress to stand with 
working families and our nation’s manufactur-ers and reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. Ex-Im supports thousands of jobs throughout our great country at no cost to the American people. 
f 
FAYE GRIFFIN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Faye Griffin for receiving the Jefferson County 2015 Hall of Fame Award from the West Chamber. 
The Hall of Fame Award recognizes out-
standing individuals who have had significant, long-lasting impacts through their leadership and contributions to Jefferson County’s econ-omy, community and legacy. 
Faye Griffin started her forty year career in 
Jefferson County working in the County Clerk & Recorder office for 24 years. Eventually 
serving as Chief Deputy of the department, Faye helped modernize technology and co-ordinated successful general and primary elec-tions. In 2006, Faye was elected Treasurer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01OC8.008 E01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1409 October 1, 2015 
and served in this capacity until 2008 when 
she was nominated to the Board of County Commissioners. 
In her six years on the Board of County 
Commissioners, Jefferson County reached a balanced budget every year and earned ex-traordinary financial ratings from several na-tional rating organizations. As a Commis-sioner, she helped bring attention to Human Services programs to aid children and families in need and amended the Zoning Resolution to simplify the zoning application process. 
Currently, Faye serves as Jefferson County 
Clerk and Recorder. She is also involved in the Child and Youth Leadership Commission, the Jefferson County Head Start Policy Coun-cil, the Rocky Flats Stewardship Council, and the Urban Drainage and Flood Control District Board. In 2012, Faye was honored as an Out-standing Woman of Jefferson County. 
Congratulations to Faye Griffin for this well- 
deserved honor by the West Chamber. I am grateful for her contributions to Jefferson County. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, 
September 28, 2015, I was unable to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted as fol-lows: On rollcall No. 519, yea. On rollcall No. 520, yea. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF FOREST ACRES 
POLICE OFFICER GREG ALIA 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, yesterday, September 30, 2015, Officer Greg Alia was killed in the line of duty. A grad-uate of Richland Northeast High School and the University of South Carolina, Police Chief Gene Shealy described Officer Alia as ‘‘an outstanding man and an outstanding police of-ficer.’’ As a seven year veteran of Forest Acres Police Department, Greg was a role model for new officers who showed courage and dedication in protecting the people of For-est Acres, South Carolina. He lived up to the highest standards of being an Eagle Scout of Troop 100 of St. Joseph Catholic Church of Columbia. 
Our thoughts and prayers go out to his wife, 
Kassy, and their five month old son, Sal, his parents, Dr. Richard and Alexis Alia of Forest Acres, and his fellow officers at Forest Acres Police Department. I am grateful for the out-pouring of love and support for Forest Acres, for our community, and for our citizens during this tragic time. 
God bless the memory and service of Greg 
Alia. RECOGNIZING MINNESOTA’S OWN 
FEDERAL DUCK STAMP WINNER 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize Robert Hautman of Delano, Minnesota on his impressive second place finish in the 2015 Federal Duck Stamp Contest. Robert’s stamp features several mal-lard ducks flying over a lake. 
The Federal Duck Stamp contest began in 
1949 as a result of growing concern among Americans over the destruction of wetlands, which are the home to migratory waterfowl. Of every dollar spent on duck stamps, ninety- eight cents is given to the Migratory Bird Con-servation Fund, which helps to conserve nat-ural habitats. 
Minnesota is home to some of the most 
amazing natural scenery and wildlife, and be-cause of this, I am incredibly passionate about the great outdoors. I have always been of the strong belief that it is every global citizen’s duty to help protect and maintain our environ-ment for future generations to come. I think the Federal Duck Stamp contest is wonderful because it does exactly that. 
I would like to applaud Robert Hautman for 
contributing to a contest with such a worthy cause. I would like to give him an extra shout out for being from my hometown as well. 
As a result of Robert’s effort, more funds 
will be raised to preserve the environment, and for that we—and our future generations— thank you. 
f 
TEANECK FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the brave men and women of the Teaneck Fire Department who will celebrate 100 years of serving and protecting the resi-dents of Teaneck this Sunday October 4, 2015. 
The first organized fire company in Teaneck 
was Defender Hook and Ladder Co., which was formed on August 12, 1895. It was not until 1915 that four of Teaneck’s five compa-nies were combined into the official municipal Teaneck Fire Department. 
As they were growing in the 1920s, a very 
tough basement fire occurred on Maitland Av-enue. Future Deputy Chief Harry Davis, then working for the Department of Public Works, made numerous entries without a breathing apparatus, manning a 2
1⁄2’’ line. He passed 
out repeatedly, was revived, and continued to go back in until the house was saved. He is a great reflection as to how relentlessly the Teaneck Fire Department has attacked fires and how they continued to do so even today. 
The Teaneck Fire Department stays com-
mitted to self-assessment and innovation. Since the 1970s, brush fires have been re-duced by 90% and building fires declined by about a third, with arson now much less of a problem. New apparatuses, the four stations being staffed 24 hours a day with an adequate level of staffing, strict proactive code enforce-
ment, the advanced municipal fire system, and the aggressive fire investigation programs have proven effective in reducing fires. 
Beyond their roles in fire emergencies, the 
Teaneck Fire Department remains committed to serving the residents through their innova-tive Good Morning Check-Up Program. This program is designed for shut-ins and senior citizens who live alone and have no one to look in on them on a regular basis. The pro-gram provides subscribers with a telephone call seven days a week, between the hours of 8 a.m. and 9 a.m. If a resident is not-respon-sive to multiple phone calls then a firefighter is dispatched to the house to make sure all is well. This service has helped countless lives already. 
When terrorists flew planes into the North 
and South Tower of the World Trade Center on September 11, 2011, the brave members of the Teaneck Fire Department volunteered to help their colleagues across the Hudson River. Their sacrifices during and after the tragedy continue to inspire the Teaneck Fire Department today as well as those they serve. 
As Co-Chair of the Congressional Fire Serv-
ices Caucus, I have had the honor of visiting and inspecting many fire stations throughout our great nation. Therefore it gives me pride to recognize the excellence of the Teaneck Fire Department and thank them for serving the residents of Teaneck. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-
leagues and me in recognizing the 100 year anniversary of the Teaneck Fire Department. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BROWARD 
COUNTY, FLORIDA’S 100TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
extend the most sincere congratulations to Broward County, Florida on celebrating its 100th anniversary. From the back-breaking work and ingenuity of the industrial age to the modernity of this tech-savvy generation, Broward County’s progress is a stark example of the progressive spirit of America. It is truly my honor to represent such a diverse and unique county in the United States Congress. 
The theme of the centennial celebration is, 
‘‘Duende’’. Duende is defined as the power to attract through personal magnetism and charm. That is exactly what Broward county has to offer. Whether you are one of the over 1.8 million people that call Broward County home, the tens of thousands that are winter residents, or the countless millions that visit for vacation, our county’s charm is magnetic. The soul of this community comes from not only the beautiful 1,200 square miles that make up Broward County, but from the di-verse and thriving culture found there. From the rich soil of the Everglades National Park to the white sandy beaches of the Atlantic Ocean, it is as charmingly diverse as the com-munities that reside within its borders. 
Mr. Speaker, Broward County is undoubt-
edly a wonderful embodiment of the ‘‘Sun-shine State’’ and all it has to offer. I once again want to congratulate the County on this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01OC8.017 E01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1410 October 1, 2015 
momentous occasion of its centennial anniver-
sary. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SHILOH BAPTIST 
CHURCH’S 145TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor the 145th anniversary of the Shiloh Baptist Church in Jonesboro, GA. Since the end of the Civil War, this church has stood as a beacon of worship and its con-gregation is a testament to how faith brings a community together. 
In 1870, Reverend Frank Q. Graham, Rev-
erend A.D. Delmarta and Reverend G.B. Aus-tin, searching for a place to worship, orga-nized Shiloh Baptist Church under a Brush Arbor. Meetings were held in the Arbor until the group was able to build a church across the street, near the church’s present location. After the first building was burned down by a fire, the worshippers met in an old school until the church was rebuilt. In 1962, the church was struck by lightning and completely de-stroyed. Held together by their faith, the con-gregation met in an elementary school cafe-teria until Shiloh Baptist was rebuilt. 
Shiloh Baptist Church has also played its 
part in American history. When the NAACP chartered their membership in Clayton County, Georgia, Shiloh Baptist church was one of the first to purchase membership. When Atlanta, Georgia hosted the 1996 summer Olympics, the church was a reception for the Olympic torch, 
The Shiloh Baptist Church of Jonesboro is 
an example to all of how worship and faith can bring a group of people together. Despite nu-merous damages and subsequent reconstruc-tion and renovations to the physical structure, the Shiloh Baptist community is celebrating 145 years of worship. The strength or their congregation’s faith has been demonstrated time and time again. The church has won awards for their wide attendance and con-tinues to attract church-goers from the Jonesboro area. The congregation has not let their spirit falter and for this I congratulate them on 145 years of worship. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 
Shiloh Baptist congregation for 145 years of worship. I would like to commend them for being a cornerstone in the Jonesboro commu-nity as well as within the great State of Geor-gia. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the anniversary of Jonesboro’s Shiloh Baptist Church. Thank you and God bless. 
f 
CELEBRATING ST. BEN’S NA-
TIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION AWARD 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to celebrate the College of Saint Benedict in Collegeville, Minnesota. This col-lege has a stellar reputation throughout the state of Minnesota, and for good reason. It was recently announced that the College 
of Saint Benedict is a recipient of a National Science Foundation award for their collabora-tion in a project entitled ‘‘Collaborative Re-search: Developing and Assessing Effective Cyberlearning within the STEM Wiki Hyperlibrary.’’ As a result of receiving this prestigious award, the college will receive $25,484 dollars. 
While many things remain uncertain in this 
world, one does not. Science, mathematics and technology are keys to the future. It is so critical that colleges and universities through-out the United States place a strong emphasis on these fields so that our country can con-tinue to evolve, succeed and remain competi-tive in this constantly developing world. 
That is why I want to commend the College 
of Saint Benedict here, today. The emphasis put on science, mathematics and technology is evident by receipt of this award. 
I thank the College of Saint Benedict for 
motivating students to look towards the future and do what is best for Minnesota, and the United States as a whole. 
f 
HONORING HABCO MANUFAC-
TURING AND THE HABILITATION CENTER FOR THE HANDICAPPED 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of HABCO Manufacturing, the Habili-tation Center for the Handicapped, and the up-coming celebration of National Manufacturing Day. 
HABCO Manufacturing’s unique business 
partners a non-profit organization with the business community. HABCO Manufacturing has been named South Florida’s ‘‘Manufac-turer of the Year’’ and has received numerous accreditations in aviation and aerospace. It is also an integral part of the Habilitation Center for the Handicapped, Inc. Founded in 1978, the Center provides vocational training to adults with developmental disabilities and other special needs. The Center’s mission is to equip these men and women with the knowledge, skills, and behaviors needed to lead useful and productive lives with dignity, respect, and independence. 
For this National Manufacturing Day 2015, I 
recognize the achievements of the Habilitation Center and HABCO Manufacturing and its men and women with special needs. Their ex-pertise in manufacturing, quality, education, and training is truly extraordinary. I am proud to honor them in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD , 
and express appreciation for the community engagement. 
f 
JESSE H. JONES PARK—A 
CHAMPION OF LOCAL HISTORY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in this dig-
ital age it is becoming more challenging to en-sure our children have a strong connection to history, community and the great outdoors. 
Well, the Jesse H. Jones Park and Nature Center right in the heart of Harris County pro-vides the kids and families of my district ex-actly that. 
For the past three decades the park has 
been a place where the local community can gather and form important bonds of citizen-ship. But the space also serves an educational purpose. Home to the Akokisa Indian Village and Redbud Hill Homestead, the park pre-serves elements of life in Native American and pioneer communities, including demonstrations of traditional customs and crafts. 
It also provides an important green space, 
with a wide range of local flora and fauna in-cluding ancient bogs, white sand beaches and wildflower meadows, in addition to play equip-ment, hiking trails, and sports and recreation amenities, giving local residents an opportunity to escape the trappings of modernity, engage with their local heritage, and developing great-er physical well-being. 
In the month of October alone, the park will 
host boat tours on Spring Creek, a workshop for local science teachers, an astronomy class, a tree-planting session, Halloween events and a settlers’ soap-making dem-onstration. 
The Jesse H. Jones Park and Nature Cen-
ter brings out the best in one of America’s best communities. The park has a dedicated team of staff and volunteers that exemplify the charitable and community-minded spirit Texas is famous for. 
Harris County Commissioner Jack Cagle 
and his staff should be commended for their leadership in the community. The nature cen-ter will be long valued and maintained as a re-source of cultural and environmental heritage. 
f 
ANTI-DEFAMATION LEAGUE 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to sa-
lute the Anti-Defamation League and the tire-less work of the ADL’s Connecticut Regional Office. Now more than ever, the world needs the bravery of League members and allies to confront anti-Semitism and defend the civil rights and humanity of all people. 
Tonight I will have the privilege of joining 
friends and neighbors from across Connecticut at the Greater Hartford Torch of Liberty Award Reception. Created to recognize those who epitomize the Anti-Defamation League’s val-ues and commitment to community and public service, this year’s Torch of Liberty Award honorees include our esteemed Lieutenant Governor, the Honorable Nancy Wyman, Mr. John J. Patrick, Jr., and Ms. JoAnn H. Price. 
The timing could not be more appropriate. 
Their examples of selfless service are wel-come reminders of the need for this House to eschew the dysfunction of rigid ideologies and selfish partisanship. The occasion is also a timely reminder of the broader importance of the values which this year’s award winners embody. 
Founded in 1913, the Anti-Defamation 
League’s stated mission was ‘‘to stop the def-amation of the Jewish people and to secure justice and fair treatment to all.’’ From that ad-mirable spirit its members have fashioned a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01OC8.016 E01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1411 October 1, 2015 
legacy of confronting all forms of bigotry, edu-
cating our youth in order to guard against ig-norance, and defending the ideals and civil rights that are necessary for people to live in a peaceful, just, and democratic society. 
Recent and troubling world events now pose 
a unique and humbling challenge to this cause. We’ve witnessed a rise in anti-Semitic passions abroad, as in areas throughout Eu-rope, but also sadly at home. Even this House has demonstrated in recent debates that hon-est and heart-felt differences of opinion can escalate into divisive arguments marked by coded language and insinuations that teach us to fear and dehumanize one another. We are better than that. If we engage one another re-spectfully, no disagreement need devolve into questioning our shared devotion to our allies. We can come to different decisions while still uniting in our support for Israel and against ef-forts to impugn the loyalty of fellow citizens with whom we may occasionally disagree. 
I therefore urge this House to accept re-
sponsibility for leading by example. Let us re-ject the temptation to reinforce our divisions. Instead, let us bind ourselves together with appreciation for our differences and a commit-ment to defend the dignity and worth of every human being. I urge this House to undertake the work of protecting and expanding the civil, religious, and human rights that are the best evidence that America remains the home of the brave and land of the free. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ED LITTLER, JR. 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Mr. Ed Littler, Jr. of Adair, Iowa. Ed has been awarded the very first Ed Littler Achievement Award from Adair-Casey Schools. The school has established the award to be presented to anyone who has contributed to the A-C Bomber family with large amounts of their personal time and hard work. 
Ed has covered the local sports scene for 
the Adair News since 1948 and rarely missed a home or away football game until his retire-ment this year. He was cited for his contribu-tions to all Adair-Casey sports and to the com-munity. Ed played football as a quarterback for the Adair High School Rockets and graduated from Adair High School in 1947. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Ed 
for receiving this award and for dedicating his time and efforts in supporting the Adair-Casey Schools. I am proud to represent him and his family in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratu-lating Ed on this outstanding achievement. 
f 
CPB’S AMERICAN GRADUATE 
INITIATIVE 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, our public 
media stations are a force for positive change in communities all across this country. The best example of this is the American 
Graduate initiative. 
This initiative, made possible by the Cor-
poration for Public Broadcasting which leverages public media to address America’s high school dropout crisis; 
And set an ambitious goal of seeing a 90 
percent high school graduation rate by 2020. 
This Saturday, October 3rd marks the fourth 
annual American Graduate Day, a live public media event broadcast on public media sta-tions across the country. 
And make no mistake—it is a crisis. Each year, over one million students drop 
out of our high schools. 
In turning the tide, the American Graduate 
initiative has been, and continues to be, a proven force for change. 
Local stations extend the reach of this na-
tional broadcast content and have produced almost 1,000 hours of locally-focused pro-gramming. 
Find a moment to tune in and see for your-
self the incredible work happening in your community thanks to public media. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GREGORY W. MEEKS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, on 
September 30, 2015, due to unforeseen cir-cumstances, I was unable to vote for Roll Call votes 525 through 528. I would have voted in the following way: 
Roll Call Number 525 on providing for con-
sideration of H. Con. Res. 79, directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 719; and providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 719, TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015, nay; 
On Roll Call Number 526 on the motion to 
suspend the rules and pass S. 2082 to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, yea; 
On Roll Call Number 527 on agreeing to the 
resolution, H. Con. Res. 79, directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make cor-rections in the enrollment of H.R. 719, nay; 
And on Roll Call Number 528 on concurring 
in the Senate Amendment to the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment for H.R. 719, the TSA Office of Inspection Ac-countability Act of 2015, yea. 
f 
HONORING MR. TERRANCE KELLY 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
Mr. Terrance Kelly for his extraordinary con-tributions to the music industry and to the faith community. Mr. Kelly is currently the Artistic Director of the Oakland Interfaith Gospel Choir, where he leads over 100 rehearsals and 50 performances annually. Mr. Kelly graduated from the Texas South-
ern University with a Bachelor of Arts in Busi-ness Management. He went on to study at Holy Names University with a focus on Vocal Performance. Mr. Kelly began his career work-ing with Jazz Camp West as Choir Director and Voice Teacher. 
During his time with Jazz Camp West, Mr. 
Kelly led the popular All Camp Gospel Choir, helping select the songs, instruct the band, and lead performances. His dedication to music also led Mr. Kelly to begin working with Imani Community Church, where he is cur-rently Minister of Magnification. Mr. Kelly co-ordinates all musical presentations for the church, as well as leading many different choirs. He also facilitates the Imani Ya Watume liturgical dancers. 
Additionally, Mr. Kelly serves as Artistic Di-
rector of the Oakland Interfaith Gospel Choir. He has composed and arranged music for the Oakland Interfaith Gospel Choir, the Oakland Interfaith Youth Choir, and the Oakland Inter-faith Community Choir. The incredible works of music he has worked on have inspired and 
moved audiences throughout the Bay Area, California, and the world. 
In his long career in music and faith, Mr. 
Kelly received many honors. Most recently, Mr. Kelly taught workshops about gospel music at the International Gospel Music Acad-emy of Denmark. His musical talent has been recognized by many influential people, such as Tramaine Hawkins, MC Hammer, John Lee Hooker, and Former President Jimmy Carter. He has received an Emmy Award for his cho-ral arrangement of PSA for KGO-TV, as well as 2 Gospel Academy Awards for Outstanding Director of the Year and Excellence in Choral Music. The San Francisco Opera had the op-portunity to work with Mr. Kelly in their ren-dition of Moby Dick in 2012. 
Mr. Kelly has also mentored students of 
music, many of whom have gone on to attend schools such as the Berklee School of Music, Howard University, and Walt Disney’s Cali-fornia Institute of the Arts. Throughout his pro-lific career, Mr. Kelly has impacted the lives of musicians and fans alike, throughout the Bay Area and the world. 
On behalf of the residents of California’s 
13th Congressional District, Mr. Terrance Kelly, I salute you. I thank you for a lifetime of service and congratulate you on your many achievements. I wish you success as you con-tinue to serve the residents of the East Bay. 
f 
IN HONOR OF COMMISSIONER 
JACKSON ‘‘JACK’’ ANDERSON STONE, SR. 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to an out-standing public servant and civic leader of Georgia, Commissioner Jackson ‘‘Jack’’ An-derson Stone, Sr., longtime County Commis-sioner of District 6 in Dougherty County, Geor-gia. Sadly, Commissioner Stone passed away on Thursday, September 24, 2015. A funeral service was held on Saturday, September 26, 2015 at 11:00 am at Sunnyside Baptist Church in Albany, Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01OC8.021 E01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1412 October 1, 2015 
A Georgia man through and through, Jack-
son Stone was born in Meigs, Georgia in 1941 to the late Grady and Neda West Stone. He proudly served our nation in the United States Army, serving one tour in Okinawa, Japan. When Jack returned to the United States, he built a career in the auto sales business and became Co-Owner and General Manager at Albany Lincoln Mercury. He subsequently founded his own businesses: Quick Auto Sales, Creekside Auto Sales and Creekside RV and Mobile Home Park. 
For Jack Stone, family and community took 
the utmost priority in his life. With this in mind, he sought to improve his community and serve his fellow citizens as District 6 County Commissioner in Dougherty County, Georgia. His leadership and work ethic were widely re-spected, resulting in his serving as County Commissioner for twenty-eight years. His long tenure makes it clear that Commissioner Stone was admired and loved by his constitu-ents and countless others in Southwest Geor-gia. 
In addition to his civic duties, Commissioner 
Stone also served as a member of the Albany Chamber of Commerce and several other pub-lic service organizations in Albany and Dough-erty County. 
In his spare time, Commissioner Stone and 
his family enjoyed RV camping. He also took great pleasure in managing his farm, tending his cows and riding around with his dog, B.J. 
Commissioner Stone has achieved much in 
his life but none of this would have been pos-sible without the love and support of his wife of 52 years, Charlotte; his children, Jack, Blair, and Karen; his grandchildren, Ande, Lexie, Reverend Matthew, Taylor, Mark, Hannah, McKenzie, Shannon, and Josh; four great- grandchildren, Savanna, Lucus, Carson, and Brock; and a host of other family members and friends. 
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along 
with the more than 730,000 residents of the Second Congressional District of Georgia, sa-lute Commissioner Stone for his exceptional public service and everlasting commitment to his community. I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join us in extend-ing our deepest condolences to Commissioner Stone’s family and friends during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
CODE OF ETHICS FOR THE 
AMVETS NATIONAL SERVICE FOUNDATION’S ATTORNEYS IN FACT 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I submit the 
following code of ethics for AMVET’s Attor-neys-in-Fact. AMVET is one of America’s leading veterans’ service organizations with over 250,000 members with a proud history of assisting veterans. 
An attorney in fact is a person who is au-
thorized to perform business-related trans-actions on behalf of someone else (the client), but not necessarily authorized to practice law. In order to become someone’s attorney in fact, a person must have the client sign a power of 
attorney document (VA Form 21–22). 
RULES OF PROFESSIONAL CONDUCT  
Rule 1: All AMVETS attorneys in fact will be 
honest when dealing with veterans and sur-viving family members. They will do the same when dealing with Department of Veterans’ Af-fairs (VA) employees and other officials. 
Rule: 2 AMVETS attorneys in fact will sub-
mit quality claim packages for issues that may be granted; not sheer quantity to swell report numbers. 
Rule 3: The attorney in fact claimant rela-
tionship is confidential by law and VA regula-tion. It will be protected at all times. The man-date to protect privileged information continues forever and applies equally to any clerical staff assigned to the office. 
Rule 4: The attorney in fact will pursue a 
course of continuing education. They must stay current with new laws, regulations, VA’s policies and procedures as well as all AMVETS policies and procedures promulgated by the AMVETS national service director. 
Rule 5: The attorney in fact will determine 
all issues that occurred in-service. This is done through discussions with the client and a review of their supporting documents and records. 
Rule 6: The attorney in fact will not sign off 
on any rating decisions that do not fully ad-dress, or defer for additional development, all issues contained in the claim. 
Rule 7: Hardship claims will be expedited 
and closely monitored by the AMVETS attor-ney in fact to ensure a rapid decision and re-lease of compensation and other benefits needed by the client. 
Rule 8: AMVETS’ attorney in fact will partici-
pate in all VA staff/veteran service organiza-
tion (VSO) meetings called by the VA if avail-able. Additionally, they will request staff meet-ings if problems arise due to VA’s internal pol-icy and procedures that need to be addressed. 
Rule 9: AMVETS’ attorney in fact will ensure 
VA examinations are complete, accurate and meet the current guidelines necessary for ac-curate rating decisions. Anything less than a complete examination may result in the client being denied benefits that are deserved under the current law. 
Rule 10: It is not ethical for an attorney in 
fact to ask veterans to change their power of attorney (POA) from one VSO to another. Vet-erans represented by another organization should be referred to the organization that cur-rently holds the power of attorney. However, if a veteran has a valid claim and insists on AMVETS’ representation, then the POA may be accepted. 
Rule 11: It is highly unprofessional to make 
any derogatory comments about another VSO. 
Rule 12: AMVETS attorney in fact will es-
tablish rapport to educate and advise the cli-ent in the basics of VA law, policies proce-dures so they understand what documentation is required for their claim. 
Rule 13: AMVETS will file an appeal only if 
the reason to appeal is based in fact (evi-dence contained in the client’s record) or law (VA’s failure to grant the benefit requested vio-lates provisions contained in 38 Code of Fed-eral Regulations). If a client wishes to file an appeal that the VA may never grant under the current law, then the AMVETS attorney in fact will not represent the claim since it has no merit. 
Rule 14: Appeals should only be used as 
the last resort since they are a three to five year process. Other avenues such as a re-
quest for reconsideration based on overlooked evidence of record or new and material evi-dence should be used first. 
Rule 15: An AMVETS attorney in fact will 
not tell a client that they may not file an ap-peal. However, they will explain to a client, based on current law, what they must do in order to win an appeal. If the client is unable to provide the necessary records then AMVETS will not represent that claim as an appeal. 
Rule 16: Under no circumstances will an 
AMVETS’ attorney in fact solicit or accept any monetary gifts, goods or products in apprecia-tion or compensation for their professional services. 
Rule 17: AMVETS attorney in fact will never 
present a membership application to a veteran during the initial claim process. Doing so is akin to extortion. However, if a client requests a membership application, then they will be provided with one after they explain that mem-bership is not required for their services. 
f 
60-YEAR CLASS REUNION OF THE 
1955 CLASS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to join me in celebrating the class of 1955 of Paul Lau-rence Dunbar Senior High School in the Dis-trict of Columbia as it celebrates its 60-year class reunion Saturday, October 3, 2015, its reunion committee and particularly Donald R. Wines for his phenomenal leadership with the Dunbar Alumni Federation, and Dunbar High School itself in history and today. I am fortu-nate to be an alumna of Dunbar High School and a member of this distinguished class. 
Dunbar High School, which started in a 
church basement, was the first public high school for African Americans in the United States and remained segregated until 1954, when the District of Columbia was one of the six Brown v. Board of Education jurisdictions that successfully challenged segregated schools in the United States. Dunbar was in-strumental in making the District of Columbia a bulwark of education for almost a century, attracting students from across the District, who were drawn by the school’s excellent rep-utation. That same reputation was reinforced by Dunbar’s remarkable record of graduating more distinguished African Americans than any high school in the country. Among them were Edward Brooke, the first Black popularly elected United States Senator; Robert C. Weaver, the first Black Cabinet member; Ben-jamin O. Davis Sr., the first Black general in the U.S. Army; Wesley Brown, the first Black graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy; Charles R. Drew, the discoverer of blood plasma; and Mary Jane Patterson, the first African Amer-ican to achieve a college degree. Dunbar also drew teachers with advanced degrees who would have been college professors but for segregation in higher education that persisted at the time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01OC8.026 E01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1413 October 1, 2015 
The 60-year Dunbar High School class re-
union is another occasion for pride in Dunbar High School today and in the class of 1955. Dunbar has been recently rebuilt into a state- of-the-art facility and became a neighborhood school following the Brown decision. Its storied history continues to inspire generations of stu-dents. 
The class of 1955 graduated the year fol-
lowing the historic Brown decision and has come together at important intervals to cele-brate its class, the education received at Dun-bar, and the school today. Keeping the class together did not take place spontaneously. This work has been a commendable team ef-fort, but that team recognizes that the leader-ship of Donald R. Wines has been indispen-sable to its success. Donald has discouraged all acknowledgment of his extraordinary lead-ership on behalf of Dunbar and the class of 
1955. However, the House of Representatives is free to commend and thank Donald for fo-cusing his many talents, his organizational ex-pertise, and the skills he honed as a Dunbar student to the class of 1955 Dunbar High School and the historic Dunbar tradition. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to join me in celebrating the 60-year class reunion of the 1955 class of Paul Lau-rence Dunbar High School and the Dunbar High School Reunion Committee and Dunbar High School itself. I ask the House to particu-larly commend the leadership of Donald R. Wines, whose indefatigable energy and wise guidance have been the essential ingredients to the consistency of efforts that have enabled the Dunbar class of 1955 to celebrate 60 years of continuing friendship. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF EDNA 
AND JOHN W. MOSLEY 
HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and leg-acy of Edna and John W. Mosley, on the oc-casion of the grand opening of the school named in their honor in Aurora, Colorado. 
Both Edna and John Mosley were trail-
blazers and public servants. 
Lieutenant Colonel John Mosley graduated 
from Colorado State A&M College, where he participated in the Civilian Pilot Training Pro-gram during his senior year. In 1943, he com-pleted the program, but was still denied the right to serve his country as a pilot due to his race. But John was not discouraged. John and his family wrote letters to Con-
gress and even the White House to petition for placement in the Tuskegee Airmen Pilot pro-gram, and due to his persistence and deter-mination, he was finally accepted as a Tuskegee Airman. His accomplished military career spanned World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. 
After retiring from the Air Force, John 
served our country at the Department of Health, Education and Welfare (HEW) in Washington, D.C., where one of his most im-
portant responsibilities was overseeing the newly formed Head Start Program in 1970. 
John received numerous awards, among 
them, the Congressional Medal of Honor in 2007 for his service as a Tuskegee Airman. 
Edna Mosley was a lifetime member of the 
NAACP, and worked to establish the organiza-tion’s chapter in Denver. She served 12 years on the Aurora city council, becoming the first African American elected to the council in 1991. On the council, she championed impor-tant and pressing issues—civil rights, gender equality, veteran’s interests, affordable hous-ing, and educational opportunity. 
Mr. Speaker, Edna and John Mosley em-
body what truly makes our country and com-munities great—a selfless commitment to our neighbors, and fighting for the common good. I extend my best wishes for the academic suc-cess of the future graduates of the school, and their commitment to carrying forward the amazing legacy of Edna and John Mosley. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONORABLE 
JOHN M. M CHUGH 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on be-
half of myself, Congressman R UPPERSBERGER , 
and the House Army Caucus, I rise today to pay tribute to the Honorable John M. McHugh, former Member of the House, colleague, and friend, on the eve of his departure as one of the longest serving Secretaries of the Army in U.S. history. 
After over 42 years of public service, Sec-
retary McHugh leaves our Army and our Na-tion safer and more secure. His tireless advo-cacy and bold leadership for our Soldiers, Ci-vilians, and their Family Members is leg-endary. From improvements in family and mental health programs to unprecedented strides to combat sexual assault and suicide, John has truly earned the reputation as ‘‘The Soldier’s Secretary.’’ Having served as the House Armed Serv-
ices Committee Ranking Member, Congress-man McHugh’s thoughtful, determined, and vi-sionary leadership ensured the security of our Nation. As a Representative from New York’s 24th and later the 23rd Districts, John ensured that cutting-edge facilities, upgrades, and pro-grams directly supported our Warfighters. Fort Drum is but one example; it is truly the ‘‘House that McHugh Built.’’ He ensured the 10th Mountain Division had all the tools re-quired to be at the tip of the spear for our Na-tion’s defense. 
John made unprecedented strides as the 
Co-Chair of the Army Caucus for over 15 years and served as a critical member of the West Point Board of Visitors. He was a dy-namic leader in this House, a trusted Rep-resentative of his constituents, and an amaz-ing advocate for our Soldiers and our coun-try’s national security. 
During his tenure as the second-longest 
serving Secretary in history, John was at the forefront of national and international strategy, military policy, and Soldier programs. His ex-pert leadership, bold initiatives, and pragmatic management ensured that our Army remained the finest fighting force the world has ever known. 
John presided over some of the toughest 
missions the Army has ever faced. He oversaw the largest retrograde in military his-tory as our troops departed Iraq, held the Army together as it was hit by sequestration, 
and worked tirelessly to reorganize, revamp, and restructure our force. Secretary McHugh led these efforts with distinction as our Sol-diers conducted simultaneous combat oper-ations around the world. 
Secretary McHugh’s determination, devo-
tion, and love of our Service Members also ensured that our most sacred and hallowed ground, Arlington National Cemetery, over-came years of neglect to become the epitome of a well-run and well-led resting place for our Nation’s heroes. In fact, it is now the gold standard for cemetery administration because of his personal and unwavering commitment and leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, our Nation is safe and secure 
because of the drive, determination, and lead-ership of Secretary John M. McHugh. Today, we join with all Americans in our profound ad-miration and deep respect for this true Patriot. We thank Secretary McHugh for his dedication and sacrifice and wish him the fullest measure of peace and happiness as he enters the next phase of his life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01OC8.028 E01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1042 Thursday, October 1, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re ´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7055–S7107. 
Measures Introduced: Fourteen bills and four reso-
lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2114–2127, and S. Res. 273–276.
                                      Pages S7102–03 
Measures Reported: 
S. 750, to achieve border security on certain Fed-
eral lands along the Southern border, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–150) 
S. 991, to establish the Commission on Evidence- 
Based Policymaking, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–151) 
S. 481, to amend the Controlled Substances Act 
and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to drug scheduling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufacturers and distribu-
tors seeking to conduct clinical testing, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
S. 799, to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse 
and neonatal abstinence syndrome, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. 
S. 1893, to reauthorize and improve programs re-
lated to mental health and substance use disorders, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S7101 
Measures Passed: 
Border Jobs for Veterans Act: Senate passed H.R. 
2835, to actively recruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection officers. 
                                                                                    Pages S7065–67 
Protecting Affordable Coverage for Employees 
Act: Senate passed H.R. 1624, to amend title I of 
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to re-vise the definition of small employer.
             Page S7084 National Character Counts Week: Senate agreed 
to S. Res. 276, designating the week beginning Oc-tober 18, 2015, as ‘‘National Character Counts Week’’.
                                                                            Page S7107 
Measures Considered: 
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and 
Related Agencies Appropriations Act : Senate con-
tinued consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016.
    Pages S7062–65, S7067–75 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 50 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 273), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                        Page S7074 
Conference Reports: 
National Defense Authorization Act—Cloture: 
Senate began consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of En-ergy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                               Pages S7075–84, S7084–90 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the conference report to accompany the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Tuesday, October 6, 2015.
               Page S7075 
Messages from the President: Senate received the 
following messages from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to 
the designation of funding for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism, received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate on September 30, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01OC5.REC D01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1043 October 1, 2015 
2015; which was referred to the Committee on the 
Budget. (PM–26)                                                        Page S7098 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, the notification of 
the President’s designation of an emergency require-ment in emergency funding for urgent wildland fire suppression activities, received during adjournment of the Senate on September 30, 2015; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Budget. (PM–27) 
                                                                                            Page S7098 
Drozd Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent-time agreement was reached providing that at 5 p.m., on Monday, October 5, 2015, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Dale A. Drozd, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of California; that there be 30 min-utes for debate on the nomination, equally divided in the usual form; and that upon the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote, without intervening action or debate, on confirmation of the nomination. 
                                                                                            Page S7107 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7099 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S7099 
Executive Communications:                 Pages S7099–7101 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S7101–02 
Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S7103 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7103–06 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7096–98 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S7106–07 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S7107 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—273)                                                                 Page S7074 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 5:54 p.m., until 4 p.m. on Monday, October 5, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7107.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
GERALD R. FORD -CLASS AIRCRAFT 
CARRIER PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the procurement, acquisition, testing, and oversight of the Navy’s Gerald R. Ford - 
class aircraft carrier program, after receiving testi-mony from Sean J. Stackley, Assistant Secretary, Re-search, Development & Acquisition, Rear Admiral Donald E. Gaddis, USN, Program Executive Officer, Tactical Aircraft, and Rear Admiral Thomas J. 
Moore, USN, Program Executive Officer, Aircraft Carriers, all of the Department of the Navy, Katrina G. McFarland, Assistant Secretary for Acquisition, Rear Admiral Michael C. Manazir, USN, Director, Air Warfare (OPNAV), and J. Michael Gilmore, Di-rector of Operational Test and Evaluation, all of the Department of Defense; and Paul L. Francis, Man-aging Director of Acquisition and Sourcing Manage-ment, Government Accountability Office. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee ordered favorably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘American Crude Oil Export Equality Act’’. 
NATURAL RESOURCES LEGISLATION 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-
committee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining concluded a hearing to examine S. 2031, to reduce temporarily the royalty required to be paid for so-dium produced on Federal lands, after receiving tes-timony from Amanda Leiter, Deputy Assistant Sec-retary of the Interior, Land and Minerals Manage-ment; Christopher B. Douville, American Natural Soda Ash Corporation, Westport, Connecticut; Rick Finn, Port of Portland, Portland, Oregon; and Fred von Ahrens, Tronox Alkali, Green River, Wyoming. 
IMPROPER PAYMENTS IN FEDERAL 
PROGRAMS 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine improper payments in Federal programs, after receiving testimony from Gene L. Dodaro, Comptroller General of the United States, Govern-ment Accountability Office. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported the nominations of Scott Allen, of Maryland, to be United States Director of the Euro-pean Bank for Reconstruction and Development, Ann Calvaresi Barr, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, United States Agency for International De-velopment, and Barbara Lee, of California, and Chris-topher H. Smith, of New Jersey, both to be a Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Seventieth Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations, Carolyn Patricia Alsup, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of The Gambia, John L. Estrada, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, David R. Gilmour, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Togo-lese Republic, Jeffrey J. Hawkins, Jr., of California, to be Ambassador to the Central African Republic, Edwin Richard Nolan, Jr., of Massachusetts, to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01OC5.REC D01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1044 October 1, 2015 
Ambassador to the Republic of Suriname, David 
Malcolm Robinson, of Connecticut, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of State (Conflict and Stabilization Op-erations), and to be Coordinator for Reconstruction and Stabilization, Daniel H. Rubinstein, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tunisia, Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Benin, Susan Coppedge Amato, of Georgia, to be Director of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, with the rank of Ambassador at Large, and lists in the Foreign Service, all of the Depart-
ment of State. 
CIVIL NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH SOUTH 
KOREA 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the civil nuclear agreement with the Republic of South Korea, after receiving testimony from Thomas M. Countryman, Assistant Secretary of State. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the nominations of Robert Por-ter Jackson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Ghana, Harry K. Thomas, Jr., of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Zimbabwe, Julie Furuta-Toy, of Wyoming, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, and Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Guinea, all of the Depart-ment of State, and Linda I. Etim, of Wisconsin, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine achiev-ing the promise of health information technology, after receiving testimony from Karen B. DeSalvo, National Coordinator, Office of the National Coordi-nator for Health Information Technology, and Pat-rick Conway, Acting Principal Deputy Adminis-
trator, Deputy Administrator for Innovation and Quality, and Chief Medical Officer, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, both of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. 
REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT PROGRAM 
OVERSIGHT 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-
gration and the National Interest concluded an over-sight hearing to examine the Administration’s Fiscal Year 2016 refugee resettlement program, including fiscal and security implications, after receiving testi-mony from Lawrence Bartlett, Director, Office of Refugee Admissions, Bureau of Population, Refu-gees, and Migration, Department of State; Barbara L. Strack, Chief, Refugee Affairs Division, Refugee, Asylum, and International Operations Directorate, and Matthew D. Emrich, Acting Associate Director, Fraud Detection and National Security Directorate, both of Citizenship and Immigration Services, De-partment of Homeland Security; and Robert Carey, Director, Office of Refugee Resettlement, Adminis-tration for Children and Families, Department of Health and Human Services. 
GOLD KING MINE WASTE WATER SPILL 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine the signifi-cant costs and related burdens for small businesses resulting from the Gold King Mine waste water spill near Silverton, Colorado, after receiving testimony from Representative Tipton; Bradford P. Blake, La Plata County Commissioner, and Andrew Corra, 4Corners Riversports, both of Durango, Colorado; and DeAnne Gallegos, Chamber of Commerce, Silverton, Colorado. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3660–3680; 10 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 81–84; and H. Res. 454–459, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H6787–88 Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6789–90 
Reports Filed: 
Reports were filed today as follows: 
Supplemental Report on H.R. 702, to adapt to 
changing crude oil market conditions (H. Rept. 114–267, Part 2); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01OC5.REC D01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1045 October 1, 2015 
H.R. 538, to facilitate the development of energy 
on Indian lands by reducing Federal regulations that impede tribal development of Indian lands, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–276); 
H.R. 1644, to amend the Surface Mining Control 
and Reclamation Act of 1977 to ensure transparency in the development of environmental regulations, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–277); and 
H.R. 3192, to provide for a temporary safe harbor 
from the enforcement of integrated disclosure re-quirements for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–278).
                                        Pages H6786–87 
Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act: The House passed H.R. 3457, to prohibit the lifting of sanctions on Iran until the Government of Iran pays the judgments against it for acts of terrorism, by a yea-and-nay vote of 251 yeas to 173 nays, Roll No. 533.
                                             Pages H6761–68, H6778–79 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute printed in H. Rept. 114–273 shall be considered as adopted.
                           Page H6761 
H. Res. 449, the rule providing for consideration of 
the bill (H.R. 3457) and providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 1735), was agreed to by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 530, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 237 yeas to 180 nays, Roll No. 529.
                                                                           Pages H6752–61 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2016: The House agreed to the conference re-
port to accompany the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, and to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, by a yea-and-nay vote of 270 yeas to 156 nays, Roll No. 532. 
                                                                                    Pages H6768–78 
Rejected the Smith (WA) motion to recommit, 
with instructions, the conference report to the com-mittee of conference, by a yea-and-nay vote of 186 yeas to 241 nays, Roll No. 531.
                Pages H6777–78 
H. Res. 449, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 3457) and providing for consider-ation of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 1735), was agreed to by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 530, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 237 yeas to 180 nays, Roll No. 529.
      Pages H6752–61 
Providing for corrections to the enrollment of H.R. 1735: The House agreed by unanimous consent 
to H. Con. Res. 81, providing for corrections to the enrollment of the bill H.R. 1735.
                    Page H6779 Amending the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2007 
to postpone a scheduled increase in the min-imum wage applicable to American Samoa: The 
House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 2617, to amend the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2007 to postpone a scheduled increase in the minimum wage applicable to American Samoa.
                  Pages H6779–80 
Supplemental Report: Agreed that the Committee 
on Energy and Commerce be authorized to file a supplemental report on H.R. 702, to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions.
           Page H6780 
STEM Education Act of 2015: The House agreed 
to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1020, to define STEM education to include computer science, and to sup-port existing STEM education programs at the Na-tional Science Foundation.
                                    Page H6780 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. tomorrow, October 2nd and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, October 6th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H6781 
Presidential Messages: Read a message from the 
President wherein he designated funding for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism—’’referred to the Committee on Appropria-tions and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–62). 
                                                                                            Page H6785 
Read a message from the President wherein he 
designated emergency funding for urgent wildland fire suppression activities—’’referred to the Com-mittee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–63).
                                                    Page H6785 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
today appear on pages H6761, H6784, H6785. 
Senate Referral: S. 2078 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H6761 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and 
one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6759–60, H6760–61, H6777–78, H6778, and H6778–79. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 2:32 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01OC5.REC D01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1046 October 1, 2015 
Committee Meetings 
IMPROVING PUBLIC SHIPYARDS TO MORE 
EFFECTIVELY MEET NAVY OPERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-
ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Public Ship-yards to More Effectively Meet Navy Operational Requirements’’. Testimony was heard from Rear Ad-miral Mark R. Whitney, U.S. Navy, Deputy Com-mander, Logistics, Maintenance and Industrial Oper-ations, Naval Sea Systems Command. 
EXAMINING POTENTIAL WAYS TO 
IMPROVE THE MEDICARE PROGRAM 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Potential 
Ways to Improve the Medicare Program’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
TRANSPORTING NUCLEAR MATERIALS: 
DESIGN, LOGISTICS, AND SHIPMENT 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Environment and the Economy held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Transporting Nuclear Materials: Design, Logis-
tics, and Shipment’’. Testimony was heard from Franklin Rusco, Director, Natural Resources and En-vironment, Government Accountability Office; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
OCTOBER 2, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01OC5.REC D01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1047 October 1, 2015 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-
panying report. A total of 149 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 275 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re ´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. 
The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY 
January 6 through September 30, 2015 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 129 119 . . 
Time in session ................................... 823 hrs, 19 ′ 596 hrs, 49 ′ ..  
Congressional Record: 
Pages of proceedings ................... 7,053 6,750 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,400 . . 
Public bills enacted into law ............... 11 40 51 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 2 2 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 309 389 698 
Senate bills .................................. 68 21 . . House bills .................................. 49 247 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... 1 3 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 8 5 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 17 20 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 165 92 . . 
Measures reported, total ...................... *215 *268 483 
Senate bills .................................. 167 5 . . House bills .................................. 22 208 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 25 51 . . 
Special reports ..................................... 17 5 . . Conference reports ............................... 1 2 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 155 53 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 2,418 4,260 6,678 
Bills ............................................. 2,104 3,659 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 22 68 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 20 80 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 272 453 . . 
Quorum calls ....................................... 6 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 272 207 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 320 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 2 . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS 
January 6 through September 30, 2015 
Civilian nominations, totaling 316, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 94 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 215 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 7 
Other Civilian nominations, totaling 3,033, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 2,000 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 711 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 322 
Air Force nominations, totaling 5,332, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,628 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,703 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 
Army nominations, totaling 3,325, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,302 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 23 
Navy nominations, totaling 3,873, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,867 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 6 
Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,067, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,064 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 3 
Summary 
Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 
Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 16,946 
Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 13,955 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 2,661 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 330 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D01OC5.REC D01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1048 October 1, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
4 p.m., Monday, October 5 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Dale A. Drozd, of California, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of California, with a vote on con-firmation thereon, at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
1 p.m., Friday, October 2 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-
sion at 1 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1402 
Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E1412 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1411 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1411 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1407, E1408 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1403 Carter, John R., Tex., E1413 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1407 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E1410 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1406 Emmer, Tom, Minn., E1409, E1410 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1410 Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E1402 Garrett, Scott, N.J., E1403 
Green, Gene, Tex., E1408 Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E1409 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1401, E1409 Hensarling, Jeb, Tex., E1404 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1401 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E1406 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E1405 Lance, Leonard, N.J., E1406 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1411 Long, Billy, Mo., E1405 Loudermilk, Barry, Ga., E1404 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E1407 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1408 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1407 Meeks, Gregory W., N.Y., E1411 
Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1405 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1407, E1412 
Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E1409 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1402, E1403, E1404, E1404, 
E1405, E1406, E1406, E1407, E1408, E1408 
Poe, Ted, Tex., E1410 Rice, Kathleen M., N.Y., E1403 Scott, David, Ga., E1403, E1410 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1404 Waters, Maxine, Calif., E1413 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1409 Young, David, Iowa, E1411 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Oct 02, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D01OC5.REC D01OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST