Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2319 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2015 No. 58 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mrs. B
LACK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
April 21, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable D IANE 
BLACK to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE THE EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Madam 
Speaker, ticktock, ticktock. The countdown has begun. 
Beginning tomorrow, there are ex-
actly—count them—30 legislative days left before the Export-Import Bank is gone—vanished, disappeared—and each day that we fail to address this vital institution for American jobs, we let the obstructionists win. We let this bi-partisan, eight decade champion of American exports go away. The irony 
of it all is, as my dear friend from Texas, Congressman G
REEN , once ob-
served, if we didn’t have an Export-Im-port Bank, we would all be scurrying around, trying to figure out how to in-vent it in order to compete with every other developed country in the world that has an export credit authority. 
Ticktock. Ticktock. American companies are, unfortu-
nately, already hurting. It is happening now. We don’t have to wait for May or June or July 1, which is the day the bank will disappear if we do not reau-thorize it. I am speaking in the present tense. Export contracts are being lost now—today—as we speak. Production lines are slowing. Labor needs are being reevaluated. Let me be clear: American corporations and companies are already losing deals to our global competitors because of this pointless fight. It is hurting companies now. 
American companies are being penal-
ized because, yet again, unfortunately, Congress procrastinates; yet we have a bill to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. We have two bills with substan-tial, broad, deep, bipartisan support— 250 Members out of 435, to put a fine point on it. There are 60 for Congress-man F
INCHER of Tennessee’s bill and 
190 for Congresswoman W ATERS ’, Con-
gresswoman M OORE ’s, and my bill. 
Again, every other developed nation 
on the face of the planet has an export credit authority, and most of them are larger as a percent of their gross do-mestic products than ours is. To allow it to expire is to engage in nothing short of—and this is not hyperbole— unilateral economic disarmament. 
Ticktock. Ticktock. Small businesses are the ones that 
will be hurt first. Now, I know a lot of the focus of debate about the Export- Import Bank is Boeing. Yes, Boeing will be hurt. That is for sure. Although, I enjoy reminding people that the Boe-ing Company assembles airplanes, and what they depend upon is the supply 
chain of 12,000 businesses and vendors— thousands of whom are, in fact, small businesses. 
Nearly 90 percent of all of the Ex-
port-Import Bank’s transactions are to provide loans or loan guarantees to small businesses. They are the back-bone of our economy. Everybody knows it. Nearly one in three jobs created in the last decade was created by small 
businesses, and they will be hurt first, small businesses like STAC, Inc., in Sumner, Washington. It is a veteran- owned business that provides industrial tapes and adhesives and a host of other fasteners. They predict, as their owner told me personally, that they could hire 40 percent more staff as a con-sequence of their exports. 
The truth of the matter is that there 
is a STAC in every congressional dis-trict in America—in every town, in every city, in every community, in every neighborhood—and they need and use the export credit agency of this Na-tion, the Export-Import Bank, just like the businesses of every other developed nation in the world. 
The rest of the world is growing a 
middle class. We all know it. If we want to keep and expand ours, then we are going to have to engage in global trade with one of the tools known as the Export-Import Bank. We have to sell in to their growing middle class. 
Counting tomorrow, 30 legislative 
days to go—ticktock, ticktock. 
f 
GOVERNMENT BY THE PEOPLE 
ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DENHAM ). The Chair recognizes the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, last week, 
mailman Doug Hughes flew a gyrocopter onto the Capitol lawn to make a point about the influence of money in politics. While I don’t con-done violating restricted airspace and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.000 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2320 April 21, 2015 
putting innocent people at risk by fly-
ing a gyrocopter onto the Capitol lawn, Mr. Hughes does have a point about the pervasive influence of money in poli-tics. I have seen it get worse and worse during my 20 years in Congress. 
The Citizens United decision by the 
United States Supreme Court in 2010 created super-PACs and multi-million-aires who buy candidates. As of April 8, 2015, there were 1,360 super-PACs in ex-istence that controlled nearly $700 mil-lion in the 2014 election cycle, accord-ing to OpenSecrets.org. The American people have lost confidence in the House and in the Senate partially be-cause super-PACs influence candidates and politicians. 
Too many times I have seen bills 
come to the floor of the House that seem influenced by money. Just last week, the House voted on H.R. 650, the Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2015, which does noth-ing but line the pockets of Warren Buffett by enabling his near-monopoly of the mobile home industry to strap poor people with higher interest rates while his companies are being pro-tected from government regulations against predatory lending. 
It is my disgust at this influence of 
money in politics that has led me to be a cosponsor of H.R. 20, the Government by the People Act, introduced by my colleague Congressman J
OHN SAR-
BANES . H.R. 20 would curb the influence 
of super-PACs so that small donors can have a voice again. 
We in Congress owe the American 
people a vote on this bill so we can in-spire confidence in our democratic process. House leadership should bring this bill to the floor, but I know it won’t happen. There isn’t the stomach for reform bills in this Congress, even for bipartisan reform bills. Maybe it does take a statement like Mr. Hughes’ to bring this issue into the national de-bate and to make Congress address our out-of-control fund-raising. 
I ask my colleagues in both parties in 
the House of Representatives to look seriously at the John Sarbanes bill, be-cause the Government by the People Act will help to restore the confidence of the American people. We cannot stop what is already public law, and we can-not change Citizens United unless we go back through the legal process, but we can have an alternative. That is what the John Sarbanes bill does, so I hope Republicans and Democrats will look seriously at becoming cosponsors. 
I ask God to bless America. 
f 
EMPOWERING AND EDUCATING 
WOMEN AS TO THEIR REPRODUC-TIVE HEALTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I was just thinking that one of the reasons I like spring so much and so well is that we get an oppor-tunity to interact a bit more with 
young people, with our children, and I have seen many around here this morn-ing all over the place, and I simply want to welcome them. 
Also, yesterday, I got an opportunity 
to visit two schools. The first was the Proviso Area School for Exceptional Children in Maywood, Illinois, where we just had a wonderful time. Then, in the afternoon, I did a book fair at the Lovett Elementary School with its principal, Dr. Haney. The young people at Lovett were saying they just love being at Lovett, so it was a refreshing day. 
Like many of my colleagues, I also 
use a lot of interns and fellows who come and learn and work and who are engaged and involved. The statement that I am going to read today was de-veloped by one of my interns, Jakie Martinez. Jakie has been working on health issues, and she came up with this statement. So I come here today to speak of a health concern that many women are likely to develop in their lifetimes. 
Known as one of the most common 
gynecological disorders, uterine fibroids affect nearly 70 percent of Cau-casian women and more than 80 per-cent of African American women by the age of 50. For many of these women the associated symptoms of this diag-nosis will significantly impact their quality of life, work, personal relation-ships, and daily activities. The preva-lence of uterine fibroids is one that in-creases with age. Although we see a commonality in the disorder and its symptoms, the greater public has not yet received the proper continued edu-cation into the causes and treatment options available for women who suffer from these fibroids. 
In response, we see that 
hysterectomies are the most commonly performed major gynecologic surgery in the United States, with over 400,000 hysterectomies performed annually; yet there are also several minimally invasive surgical options for the treat-ment of uterine fibroids that feature less blood loss, shorter hospital stays, smaller incisions for minimal scarring, and less need for pain medication than with traditional open surgery. It is im-portant to remember that the best sur-gical option for each woman, whether it is open or minimally invasive, is re-served for a case-by-case evaluation. 
In recognizing the health and edu-
cational needs of women in the United States, it is important that the greater public be educated in greater detail on the alternatives to more or less invasive surgical treatments so that women can have access to a full spec-trum of treatment options. After all, it is my hope that women will become more educated and empowered in re-gards to their reproductive health and in the understanding of safe options available for the treatment of sympto-matic fibroids. 
I thank Jakie Martinez for writing 
this statement. It is very important. 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF FIRST 
BAPTIST CHURCH, GALLATIN, TENNESSEE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ) for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, it isn’t 
often that Members can take to the House floor to share good news, but, this morning, I have an opportunity to do just that. 
Today, I rise to honor the 150th anni-
versary of the First Baptist Church on East Winchester Street in my home-town of Gallatin. 
Founded in 1865 by a former slave 
named Robert Belote, the First Baptist Church is a congregation steeped in history and poised to continue chang-ing hearts and changing lives for many years to come. Its mission is to be a ‘‘church of welcome,’’ and over the years, they have certainly lived up to that goal. 
In the beginning, their congregation 
was known as Union Church because they welcomed ex-slaves from all de-nominations—Catholic, Baptist, Pres-byterian. No matter your background or your upbringing, there was a place for all of God’s children within their pews. 
b1215 
The church has been destroyed mul-
tiple times over the years, first by heavy winds and then by fire, but they always rebuilt and reemerged stronger than before. 
They weathered the Reconstruction 
era following the Civil War, the eco-nomic uncertainty of the Great Depres-sion, and the rise and the fall of the Jim Crow South. They are truly a statement to Christ’s promise in the Gospel of Matthew when He pro-
claimed, ‘‘Upon this rock I will build My church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.’’ 
Today the church’s attendance 
climbed to approximately 1,000 people. I have had the opportunity to join my friends and neighbors at First Baptist Church for worship on many occasions. I have sat under the powerful teaching of their pastor and my dear friend, Reverend Derrick Jackson, and I can tell you that, 150 years later, God is still doing mighty work in the life of this special community of believers. 
I am thankful for how First Baptist 
Church has personally ministered to me and so many others in our commu-nity, and I wish them many years of continued growth and prosperity. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION FUNDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. President, 
please help us stop this madness. The same way President Reagan demanded Gorbachev to tear down the Berlin Wall, you have an opportunity to stop serial malpractice on the part of Con-gress refusing to meet its obligation to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.003 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2321 April 21, 2015 
fully fund our transportation responsi-
bility. 
Twenty-three short-term extensions 
of the transportation program in re-cent years is as embarrassing as it is destructive. No country became great building its infrastructure 9 months at a time. 
You can bring this charade to a halt. 
With all the major agenda items on the table this spring for Congress, there is no way that we are going to be able to do anything but extend the May 31st transportation deadline, when the funding authorization expires. That is the most recent time when Congress kicked the can down the road, what it approved last fall all the way to this spring. I said at the time, When spring comes, we will be right back in the same situation. And we are. 
This does not mean that we need to 
write off the entire year and beyond. It certainly does not mean that we need to throw this issue into the middle of the next Presidential campaign, which unfortunately has already started. You should give us a reasonable deadline: July 1st, August 1st, or even September 1st. Under no circumstances should you let this bleed into the next Federal fis-cal year, starting October 1st. 
We lost an opportunity at the end of 
the last Congress to force responsible action in the lame duck session after the 2014 election. We were close, but it eluded us. Please don’t let that happen again. Make clear you will not sign any transportation extension beyond the end of the Federal fiscal year. 
Mr. President, you don’t have to dic-
tate a solution. You have already indi-cated what you want in a robust 6-year bill; you have given an outline of how you would have Congress fund this sig-nificant reauthorization. Your Sec-retary of Transportation, Anthony Foxx, has been traveling the country, advancing a vision for transportation for decades to come; and he is clear about the need for bold action to prop-erly fund it. 
You and your administration have 
also made it clear that you are willing to sign any reasonable bipartisan legis-lation that meets the standards that we need. It needs to be sustainable; it needs to be dedicated; it needs to be big enough to get the job done. Let Con-gress put up or shut up. Force it to act by not extending the deadline past Oc-tober 1st. 
Recently, the historic solution driven 
by Speaker B
OEHNER and Leader 
PELOSI took a problem that long 
seemed intractable here on Capitol Hill since 1998 on Medicare payments and the funding under the so-called ‘‘doc fix,’’ but yet enacted a permanent solu-tion on a bipartisan basis, overwhelm-ingly approved in this House and in the Senate. It required leadership and for some people to relax somewhat their partisan talking points—if not their core principles—but we all got the job done under your leadership. 
Let’s do the same on transportation 
funding. Let’s lay down an absolute deadline. Let’s refuse to let it slide 
past October 1, 2015. Let’s all work to-gether, demanding Congress do its job. Several hundred Members of Congress signed a letter recently circulated by Congressman R
IBBLE and Congressman 
LIPINSKI , my colleague from Illinois, 
saying that that is what should hap-pen. Well, let’s actually do it. 
Together, Congress can be forced to 
act. We can rebuild and renew America, putting hundreds of thousands of peo-ple to work at family wage jobs, mak-ing our communities more livable, our families safer, healthier, and more eco-nomically secure. It is not going to get easier if we stall. It is not going to be a smaller problem if it is going to be done next year or the year beyond. Let’s decide this summer we are going to get the job done. Mr. President, you can help us by demanding that it be done according to a strict timeline, no later than October 1st. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. 
f 
MAKING A DIFFERENCE FOR THE 
AMERICAN PEOPLE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, over the last 
4 years, House Republicans have worked hard to put this Nation on a better path forward. We have passed numerous pieces of legislation to en-courage job growth and strengthen America’s standing in the global econ-omy. We have also passed bills that would decrease energy costs and in-crease transparency in how tax dollars are spent. 
Despite the short time we have had, 
the obstacles we have faced, and the enormity of our task, House Repub-licans have managed a number of con-servative victories. For example, legis-lation I authored was signed into law last summer to streamline the Federal workforce development system, includ-ing the elimination of 15 duplicative programs. 
We have worked tirelessly to mini-
mize the damage caused by ObamaCare. The first pieces of legisla-tion to pass in the 114th Congress in-cluded the Hire More Heroes Act, which would make it easier to hire vet-erans by exempting those who already have health insurance from being sub-ject to the employer mandate in the President’s health care law, and the Save American Workers Act to change ObamaCare’s 30-hour definition of full- time employment and restore the tra-ditional 40-hour workweek, which has long been the standard for full-time work. 
Additionally, the House Republican 
working group has laid out an alter-native vision to ObamaCare. It includes allowing affected States to opt out of ObamaCare’s costly rules and regula-tions and to opt into a patient-centered system focused on choice and lower 
cost. 
House Republicans have been vigilant 
against any attempt that would im-pugn the Second Amendment rights of all Americans to own and bear fire-arms. Our Republican committee chairmen are using their gavels to ex-ercise the constitutionally prescribed system of checks and balances to hold oversight hearings exposing the Obama administration for its unconstitutional overreach. 
Much of the economic turmoil that 
has gripped this Nation is the result of the Federal Government spending be-yond its means. In North Carolina I often hear from constituents who are worried that our ballooning national debt threatens economic stability and jeopardizes the American Dream for their families. 
House Republicans have responded to 
those concerns by passing laws cutting Federal spending 2 years in a row for the first time since the Korean war. We banned earmarks and achieved the most significant spending reductions in modern history. We have protected tax cuts for individuals and families. 
Unfortunately, President Obama’s 
budget ignores our crushing debt bur-den. Despite proposing $2.1 trillion in new tax increases, the President’s budget never balances because it spends too much. 
In contrast to the President’s budget 
proposal that ignores our crushing debt burden, House Republicans recently ap-proved a budget that balances in less than 10 years without raising taxes while cutting $5.5 trillion in unneces-sary spending. This budget not only places our country on a path to pay off the overwhelming mound of debt we face but will also spur economic growth and increase opportunity. 
Balanced Budget for a Stronger 
America also provides a framework for completely repealing ObamaCare and calls on Congress to pass comprehen-sive tax reform that lowers rates for individuals, families, and employers. 
Following approval of the budget, the 
House continued its record of tackling tough issues by passing bipartisan leg-islation to help stabilize Medicare and secure seniors’ access to their doctors. By transitioning to a new provider pay-ment system focused on quality, value, and accountability, we have laid the groundwork for future Medicare re-forms. 
It has been said that no one hears the 
plane that landed safely. What that very apt adage suggests is that we are often unaware of the good work being done every day, and it isn’t until some-thing goes wrong that people take no-tice. 
House Republicans are working hard 
to continue our good work and advance solutions that will build a healthy economy, empowering all Americans to seek new opportunities and achieve a better life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.018 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2322 April 21, 2015 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 26 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. J
OYCE ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Eternal God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. Lead us this day in Your ways, that our Nation might be guided along the roads of peace, jus-tice, and goodwill. 
Grant strength and wisdom to our 
Speaker, leaders, and Members of both the people’s House and the Senate, to our President and his Cabinet, and to our Supreme Court. 
Bless as well the moral and military 
leaders of our country, and may those who are the captains of business, indus-try, and unions learn to work together toward the mutual benefit of all, walk-ing in the ways of righteousness and working for the highest good of our be-loved land. 
Bless us this day and every day, and 
may all that is done within the peo-ple’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO J.F. KRUSE 
JEWELERS 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in honor of Jim Kruse and Melissa Kelley of J.F. Kruse Jewelers in St. Cloud, Minnesota. They have been named the Minnesota Small 
Business Person of the Year by the U.S. Small Business Administration. Last year, the St. Cloud Area Chamber hon-ored them as the Small Business of the Year. 
Jim Kruse opened J.F. Kruse 15 years 
ago. From humble beginnings, using secondhand jewelry cases, to a newly built facility and a team of 17 people, the father-daughter duo built a dy-namic business that has seen steady growth year after year. 
Family-run businesses like J.F. 
Kruse are the backbone of central Min-nesota, and I know I speak for every-one when I say congratulations and good luck in competing for the na-tional title. 
f 
THE FIRST 100 DAYS OF THE NEW 
REPUBLICAN CONGRESS 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, the con-
trast between Democratic and Repub-lican priorities in Congress could not be more clear after the first 100 days here. 
Instead of passing legislation that 
would help American families buy a home or put away money to save for their kids’ college or save even for a se-cure retirement, we have seen again and again tax breaks for the wealthiest Americans. That is the priority that supersedes the needs of the American family. 
Instead of focusing on growing pay-
checks and improving our infrastruc-ture, a vital need, one that should be a bipartisan effort, we just continue to vote for more tax giveaways to the wealthiest special interests. 
Mr. Speaker, it is long past time that 
this Congress work on the priorities of hard-working, middle class Americans, priorities that are simple: Own a home, help your kids prepare for their future, have something set aside for retire-ment, take care of our crumbling infra-structure, reinvest in our future. 
I know we stand ready to work to-
gether on these big questions. It is time Congress set aside the needs of the few and focused on what we were sent here to do, and that is take care of the American family. 
f 
APPLAUDING THE PASSAGE OF 
H.R. 1105 
(Mr. ALLEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to applaud the House of Rep-resentatives for passing H.R. 1105, the Death Tax Repeal Act, last week, and to call for its swift consideration and passage in the Senate. 
This devastating tax, which requires 
families to pay as much as 40 percent of the value of an estate they inherit above a certain threshold, has damaged our economy, hurt small businesses, and forced many families out of a leg-
acy they worked hard to build. 
In my district of Georgia, many of 
those hit hardest by the death tax are our family farms; hard-working Ameri-cans who have paid taxes on their prop-erty all their lives, only to have it taxed again when they try to pass it on to the next generation. In some cases, children are often forced to sell the land, ending a family business, costing real jobs, and destroying a family leg-acy. Unfortunately, this is not a rare occurrence. 
As a proud cosponsor of this bill, I 
applaud my colleagues in the House for passage of this legislation to repeal the death tax and urge quick consideration and approval in the Senate. 
f 
NATIONAL LEARN TO SWIM 
MONTH 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, April is the 
month when pools, beaches, streams, and lakes across the United States open up for the spring and summer months. 
As a former collegiate swimmer, I 
feel compelled to ensure that everyone is safe in the water during the upcom-ing months. 
I am proud to introduce bipartisan H. 
Res. 205 with another former college swimmer, Representative J
IM 
BRIDENSTINE , on behalf of USA Masters 
Swimming Association and their presi-dent, Nadine Day, to declare April as National Learn to Swim Month. 
Last year, 3,335 Americans uninten-
tionally drowned. The number of Amer-ican adults and children that are un-able to swim can be reduced, and we are in a position to speak out and pre-vent this. 
Swimming proficiency is a problem 
that we can solve together, and with the help of State governments we can highlight this so that we are able to make water activities safe for every-one. 
Please join me, Mr. Speaker, in de-
claring April as National Learn to Swim Month. 
f 
FORT HOOD VICTIMS RECEIVE 
PURPLE HEARTS AND FULL BENEFITS 
(Mr. BURGESS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, it has 
been more than 5 years since the 2009 shooting in Fort Hood, Texas. The whole country was shocked by this senseless activity. Finally, earlier this month, the 47 soldiers and surviving family members of this tragic event did receive Purple Heart medals for their sacrifice, and they will be pro-vided with every benefit that this com-mendation obliges. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.005 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2323 April 21, 2015 
Following the shooting back in 2009, 
I went to Fort Hood. I met with the families of loved ones of this attack’s victims. I saw firsthand the devasta-tion and the sacrifice. None of them— none of them—should have had to wait this long for the recognition. Although the delay can never be made right, I am relieved that these families and victims have finally received the rec-ognition for their sacrifice. 
Mr. Speaker, Senator C
ORNYN from 
my State of Texas, Representative C
ARTER , and Representative R OGER  
WILLIAMS put a lot of effort into this, 
but I also need to recognize the thou-sands of constituents—not just in Texas, but across the country—who phoned, emailed, and sent letters ask-ing that this omission be made right. 
I am happy to say and acknowledge 
that through their efforts, it finally has been. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ONCOLOGY 
NURSING SOCIETY’S 40TH ANNI-VERSARY 
(Ms. SCHAKOWSKY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. In recognition of 
the Oncology Nursing Society’s 40th anniversary, I want to congratulate ONS for their legacy of excellence in oncology nursing and quality cancer care. 
ONS is a professional organization of 
over 37,000 registered nurses and other healthcare providers dedicated to pro-viding care to patients in one of the most difficult stages of their lives. 
Since 1975, the Oncology Nursing So-
ciety has worked tirelessly to lead the transformation of cancer care. ONS is the primary source of education for all nurses providing care to people with cancer, regardless of the setting. 
In my State of Illinois alone, there 
are 10 chapters of ONS, with more than 1,600 members. In addition, the ONS Chicago chapter is the oldest chapter in the country. 
Oncology nurses are there for pa-
tients through one of the most chal-lenging times in their lives. They help patients and their loved ones by caring, teaching, listening, and simply being present. 
As Congress continues to work to in-
crease access to quality care, I praise the commitment of ONS in fostering excellence in oncology nursing and the care of cancer patients. 
I would like to congratulate all the 
members of ONS on the occasion of its 40th anniversary and wish them many more years of dedicated service to the country. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF JUN CHINO, M.D. 
(Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, the recent passing of Dr. Jun Chino has left many in his south-ern California community with heavy 
hearts, including my family and my-self, who were blessed to have had a close personal relationship with him. 
Dr. Chino was the eldest son in a 
farming family who were moved from an internment camp during World War II, losing their land in the process. 
Despite their difficult financial cir-
cumstances in the post-war years, Jun managed to obtain a pre-med degree at Stanford and go on to graduate from the university’s medical school. Fol-lowing residency at Los Angeles Coun-ty USC General Hospital, and having achieved board certification as an or-thopedic surgeon, he practiced for 52 years in Orange County. 
He served in leadership positions on 
countless medical organizations and was esteemed by his peers for his skills and for dedicating himself to staying on the cutting edge of developments in his field. Dr. Chino is survived by his wife, Kazuko, and his daughter, Lisa. 
He will be dearly missed by all who 
knew him. 
f 
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DESERVE 
A BIPARTISAN SOLUTION TO THE HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
(Mr. DELANEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, in less 
than 40 days, the highway trust fund runs out of money, which means 90 per-cent of the surface transportation projects in this country will stop. 
To help Congress appreciate the mag-
nitude of this looming crisis, I reached out to my constituents and asked them to give me their stories about our in-frastructure. We received hundreds of responses. One of them was from Mag-nus in Hagerstown, Maryland, who talks about a major highway, Route I– 81, that runs through Hagerstown, which he describes as ‘‘Death Valley’’ because he feels like he reads a story in the local newspaper about someone dying there almost every other week. He also commented about how it hurts economic growth for the region, and the region has not been able to attract the businesses it needs to grow its economy. 
Mr. Speaker, the American people de-
serve a bipartisan solution to fund the highway trust fund, and we should be working on it now. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GENERAL R. MARTIN 
UMBARGER 
(Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a true patriot and public servant, Major General R. Martin Umbarger. After serving over four decades in the Indiana National Guard, including the past 10 as our ad-jutant general, I extend congratula-tions to him on the occasion of his re-tirement. As commander of the fourth largest 
National Guard contingent in the United States, Major General Umbarger impacted the lives of count-less Hoosiers and Americans. When communities in southern Indiana were torn apart by tornadoes, it was General Umbarger and the National Guard who came to their rescue. When the global war on terrorism began, it was General Umbarger and our 21,000 National Guardsmen who supported our most critical military operations. 
General Umbarger is truly an ex-
traordinary leader who has displayed a steadfast commitment to protecting Americans’ freedoms at home and abroad. He also started the Hoosier Youth Challenge Academy in Knightsville, which works to give so many kids a brighter future. 
Major General Umbarger is a hero in 
every sense of the word. It is with pride that I recognize his tremendous legacy, and I wish him and his wife, Rowanna, the very best as they celebrate a well- deserved retirement. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, April 21, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representa-
tives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 21, 2015 at 10:56 a.m.: 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 34. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3:30 today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 15 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1531 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. B
LACK ) at 3 o’clock and 
31 minutes p.m. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Wanda Neiman, one of his secretaries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.007 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2324 April 21, 2015 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
ENERGY EFFICIENCY 
IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 535) to promote energy effi-ciency. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 535 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—BETTER BUILDINGS 
Sec. 101. Short title. 
Sec. 102. Energy efficiency in Federal and 
other buildings. 
Sec. 103. Separate spaces with high-perform-
ance energy efficiency meas-ures. 
Sec. 104. Tenant Star program. 
TITLE II—GRID-ENABLED WATER 
HEATERS 
Sec. 201. Grid-enabled water heaters. 
TITLE III—ENERGY INFORMATION FOR 
COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS 
Sec. 301. Energy information for commercial 
buildings. 
TITLE I—BETTER BUILDINGS 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Better 
Buildings Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. ENERGY EFFICIENCY IN FEDERAL AND 
OTHER BUILDINGS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
trator’’ means the Administrator of General Services. 
(2) C
OST-EFFECTIVE ENERGY EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘‘cost-effective energy 
efficiency measure’’ means any building product, material, equipment, or service, and the installing, implementing, or operating thereof, that provides energy savings in an amount that is not less than the cost of such installing, implementing, or operating. 
(3) C
OST-EFFECTIVE WATER EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘‘cost-effective water 
efficiency measure’’ means any building product, material, equipment, or service, and the installing, implementing, or operating thereof, that provides water savings in an amount that is not less than the cost of such installing, implementing, or operating. 
(b) M
ODEL PROVISIONS , POLICIES , ANDBEST 
PRACTICES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Energy and after providing the pub-lic with an opportunity for notice and com-ment, shall develop model commercial leas-
ing provisions and best practices in accord-ance with this subsection. 
(2) C
OMMERCIAL LEASING .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The model commercial 
leasing provisions developed under this sub-section shall, at a minimum, align the inter-ests of building owners and tenants with re-gard to investments in cost-effective energy efficiency measures and cost-effective water efficiency measures to encourage building owners and tenants to collaborate to invest in such measures. 
(B) U
SE OF MODEL PROVISIONS .—The Admin-
istrator may use the model commercial leas-
ing provisions developed under this sub-section in any standard leasing document that designates a Federal agency (or other client of the Administrator) as a landlord or tenant. 
(C) P
UBLICATION .—The Administrator shall 
periodically publish the model commercial leasing provisions developed under this sub-section, along with explanatory materials, to encourage building owners and tenants in the private sector to use such provisions and materials. 
(3) R
EALTY SERVICES .—The Administrator 
shall develop policies and practices to imple-ment cost-effective energy efficiency meas-ures and cost-effective water efficiency measures for the realty services provided by the Administrator to Federal agencies (or other clients of the Administrator), includ-ing periodic training of appropriate Federal employees and contractors on how to iden-tify and evaluate those measures. 
(4) S
TATE AND LOCAL ASSISTANCE .—The Ad-
ministrator, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Energy, shall make available model commercial leasing provisions and best prac-tices developed under this subsection to State, county, and municipal governments for use in managing owned and leased build-ing space in accordance with the goal of en-couraging investment in all cost-effective energy efficiency measures and cost-effective water efficiency measures. 
SEC. 103. SEPARATE SPACES WITH HIGH-PER-
FORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of 
the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17081 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 424. SEPARATE SPACES WITH HIGH-PER-
FORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY MEASURES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) H IGH-PERFORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘high-performance en-
ergy efficiency measure’ means a tech-nology, product, or practice that will result in substantial operational cost savings by re-ducing energy consumption and utility costs. 
‘‘(2) S
EPARATE SPACES .—The term ‘separate 
spaces’ means areas within a commercial building that are leased or otherwise occu-pied by a tenant or other occupant for a pe-riod of time pursuant to the terms of a writ-ten agreement. 
‘‘(b) S
TUDY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy, shall complete a study on the feasibility of— 
‘‘(A) significantly improving energy effi-
ciency in commercial buildings through the design and construction, by owners and ten-ants, of separate spaces with high-perform-ance energy efficiency measures; and 
‘‘(B) encouraging owners and tenants to 
implement high-performance energy effi-ciency measures in separate spaces. 
‘‘(2) S
COPE.—The study shall, at a min-
imum, include— ‘‘(A) descriptions of— 
‘‘(i) high-performance energy efficiency 
measures that should be considered as part of the initial design and construction of sep-arate spaces; 
‘‘(ii) processes that owners, tenants, archi-
tects, and engineers may replicate when de-signing and constructing separate spaces with high-performance energy efficiency measures; 
‘‘(iii) policies and best practices to achieve 
reductions in energy intensities for lighting, plug loads, heating, cooling, cooking, laun-dry, and other systems to satisfy the needs of the commercial building tenant; 
‘‘(iv) return on investment and payback 
analyses of the incremental cost and pro-jected energy savings of the proposed set of high-performance energy efficiency meas-ures, including consideration of available in-centives; 
‘‘(v) models and simulation methods that 
predict the quantity of energy used by sepa-rate spaces with high-performance energy ef-ficiency measures and that compare that predicted quantity to the quantity of energy used by separate spaces without high-per-formance energy efficiency measures but that otherwise comply with applicable build-ing code requirements; 
‘‘(vi) measurement and verification plat-
forms demonstrating actual energy use of high-performance energy efficiency measures installed in separate spaces, and whether such measures generate the savings intended in the initial design and construction of the separate spaces; 
‘‘(vii) best practices that encourage an in-
tegrated approach to designing and con-structing separate spaces to perform at opti-mum energy efficiency in conjunction with the central systems of a commercial build-ing; and 
‘‘(viii) any impact on employment result-
ing from the design and construction of sepa-rate spaces with high-performance energy ef-ficiency measures; and 
‘‘(B) case studies reporting economic and 
energy savings returns in the design and con-struction of separate spaces with high-per-formance energy efficiency measures. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .—Not later than 
90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register requesting public comments regarding effective meth-ods, measures, and practices for the design and construction of separate spaces with high-performance energy efficiency meas-ures. 
‘‘(4) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall 
publish the study on the website of the De-partment of Energy.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 423 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 424. Separate spaces with high-per-
formance energy efficiency measures.’’. 
SEC. 104. TENANT STAR PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of 
the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17081 et seq.) (as amended by section 103) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 425. TENANT STAR PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) H IGH-PERFORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘high-performance en-
ergy efficiency measure’ has the meaning given the term in section 424. 
‘‘(2) S
EPARATE SPACES .—The term ‘separate 
spaces’ has the meaning given the term in section 424. 
‘‘(b) T
ENANT STAR.—The Administrator of 
the Environmental Protection Agency, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.012 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2325 April 21, 2015 
consultation with the Secretary of Energy, 
shall develop a voluntary program within the Energy Star program established by sec-tion 324A of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6294a), which may be known as ‘Tenant Star’, to promote energy efficiency in separate spaces leased by ten-ants or otherwise occupied within commer-cial buildings. 
‘‘(c) E
XPANDING SURVEY DATA.—The Sec-
retary of Energy, acting through the Admin-istrator of the Energy Information Adminis-tration, shall— 
‘‘(1) collect, through each Commercial 
Buildings Energy Consumption Survey of the Energy Information Administration that is conducted after the date of enactment of this section, data on— 
‘‘(A) categories of building occupancy that 
are known to consume significant quantities of energy, such as occupancy by data cen-ters, trading floors, and restaurants; and 
‘‘(B) other aspects of the property, building 
operation, or building occupancy determined by the Administrator of the Energy Informa-tion Administration, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to be relevant in low-ering energy consumption; 
‘‘(2) with respect to the first Commercial 
Buildings Energy Consumption Survey con-ducted after the date of enactment of this section, to the extent full compliance with the requirements of paragraph (1) is not fea-sible, conduct activities to develop the capa-bility to collect such data and begin to col-lect such data; and 
‘‘(3) make data collected under paragraphs 
(1) and (2) available to the public in aggre-gated form and provide such data, and any associated results, to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency for use in accordance with subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) R
ECOGNITION OF OWNERS AND TEN-
ANTS .— 
‘‘(1) O CCUPANCY -BASED RECOGNITION .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date on which suf-ficient data is received pursuant to sub-section (c), the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency shall, fol-lowing an opportunity for public notice and comment— 
‘‘(A) in a manner similar to the Energy 
Star rating system for commercial buildings, develop policies and procedures to recognize tenants in commercial buildings that volun-tarily achieve high levels of energy effi-ciency in separate spaces; 
‘‘(B) establish building occupancy cat-
egories eligible for Tenant Star recognition based on the data collected under subsection (c) and any other appropriate data sources; and 
‘‘(C) consider other forms of recognition 
for commercial building tenants or other oc-cupants that lower energy consumption in separate spaces. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGN - AND CONSTRUCTION -BASED REC -
OGNITION .—After the study required by sec-
tion 424(b) is completed, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary and fol-lowing an opportunity for public notice and comment, may develop a voluntary program to recognize commercial building owners and tenants that use high-performance energy ef-ficiency measures in the design and con-struction of separate spaces.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to 
section 424 (as added by section 103(b)) the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 425. Tenant Star program.’’. TITLE II—GRID-ENABLED WATER 
HEATERS 
SEC. 201. GRID-ENABLED WATER HEATERS. 
Part B of title III of the Energy Policy and 
Conservation Act is amended— 
(1) in section 325(e) (42 U.S.C. 6295(e)), by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) A DDITIONAL STANDARDS FOR GRID -EN-
ABLED WATER HEATERS .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) A CTIVATION LOCK .—The term ‘activa-
tion lock’ means a control mechanism (ei-ther a physical device directly on the water heater or a control system integrated into the water heater) that is locked by default and contains a physical, software, or digital communication that must be activated with an activation key to enable the product to operate at its designed specifications and ca-pabilities and without which activation the product will provide not greater than 50 per-cent of the rated first hour delivery of hot water certified by the manufacturer. 
‘‘(ii) G
RID-ENABLED WATER HEATER .—The 
term ‘grid-enabled water heater’ means an electric resistance water heater that— 
‘‘(I) has a rated storage tank volume of 
more than 75 gallons; 
‘‘(II) is manufactured on or after April 16, 
2015; 
‘‘(III) has— ‘‘(aa) an energy factor of not less than 1.061 
minus the product obtained by multiplying— 
‘‘(AA) the rated storage volume of the 
tank, expressed in gallons; and 
‘‘(BB) 0.00168; or ‘‘(bb) an equivalent alternative standard 
prescribed by the Secretary and developed pursuant to paragraph (5)(E); 
‘‘(IV) is equipped at the point of manufac-
ture with an activation lock; and 
‘‘(V) bears a permanent label applied by 
the manufacturer that— 
‘‘(aa) is made of material not adversely af-
fected by water; 
‘‘(bb) is attached by means of non-water- 
soluble adhesive; and 
‘‘(cc) advises purchasers and end-users of 
the intended and appropriate use of the prod-uct with the following notice printed in 16.5 point Arial Narrow Bold font: 
‘‘‘IMPORTANT INFORMATION: This water 
heater is intended only for use as part of an electric thermal storage or demand response program. It will not provide adequate hot water unless enrolled in such a program and activated by your utility company or an-
other program operator. Confirm the avail-ability of a program in your local area before purchasing or installing this product.’. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—The manufacturer or 
private labeler shall provide the activation key for a grid-enabled water heater only to a utility or other company that operates an electric thermal storage or demand response program that uses such a grid-enabled water heater. 
‘‘(C) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(i) M ANUFACTURERS .—The Secretary shall 
require each manufacturer of grid-enabled water heaters to report to the Secretary an-nually the quantity of grid-enabled water heaters that the manufacturer ships each year. 
‘‘(ii) O
PERATORS .—The Secretary shall re-
quire utilities and other demand response and thermal storage program operators to report annually the quantity of grid-enabled water heaters activated for their programs using forms of the Energy Information Agen-cy or using such other mechanism that the Secretary determines appropriate after an opportunity for notice and comment. 
‘‘(iii) C
ONFIDENTIALITY REQUIREMENTS .— 
The Secretary shall treat shipment data re-ported by manufacturers as confidential business information. ‘‘(D) P
UBLICATION OF INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In 2017 and 2019, the Sec-
retary shall publish an analysis of the data collected under subparagraph (C) to assess the extent to which shipped products are put into use in demand response and thermal storage programs. 
‘‘(ii) P
REVENTION OF PRODUCT DIVERSION .—If 
the Secretary determines that sales of grid- enabled water heaters exceed by 15 percent or greater the quantity of such products ac-tivated for use in demand response and ther-mal storage programs annually, the Sec-retary shall, after opportunity for notice and comment, establish procedures to prevent product diversion for non-program purposes. 
‘‘(E) C
OMPLIANCE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Subparagraphs (A) 
through (D) shall remain in effect until the Secretary determines under this section that— 
‘‘(I) grid-enabled water heaters do not re-
quire a separate efficiency requirement; or 
‘‘(II) sales of grid-enabled water heaters ex-
ceed by 15 percent or greater the quantity of such products activated for use in demand response and thermal storage programs an-nually and procedures to prevent product di-version for non-program purposes would not be adequate to prevent such product diver-sion. 
‘‘(ii) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—If the Secretary ex-
ercises the authority described in clause (i) or amends the efficiency requirement for grid-enabled water heaters, that action will take effect on the date described in sub-section (m)(4)(A)(ii). 
‘‘(iii) C
ONSIDERATION .—In carrying out this 
section with respect to electric water heat-ers, the Secretary shall consider the impact on thermal storage and demand response programs, including any impact on energy savings, electric bills, peak load reduction, electric reliability, integration of renewable resources, and the environment. 
‘‘(iv) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out this 
paragraph, the Secretary shall require that grid-enabled water heaters be equipped with communication capability to enable the grid-enabled water heaters to participate in ancillary services programs if the Secretary determines that the technology is available, practical, and cost-effective.’’; 
(2) in section 332(a) (42 U.S.C. 6302(a))— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in the first paragraph (6), by striking 
the period at the end and inserting a semi-colon; 
(C) by redesignating the second paragraph 
(6) as paragraph (7); 
(D) in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (7) (as 
so redesignated), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) for any person— ‘‘(A) to activate an activation lock for a 
grid-enabled water heater with knowledge that such water heater is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand re-sponse program; 
‘‘(B) to distribute an activation key for a 
grid-enabled water heater with knowledge that such activation key will be used to acti-vate a grid-enabled water heater that is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand response program; 
‘‘(C) to otherwise enable a grid-enabled 
water heater to operate at its designed speci-fication and capabilities with knowledge that such water heater is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand re-sponse program; or 
‘‘(D) to knowingly remove or render illegi-
ble the label of a grid-enabled water heater described in section 325(e)(6)(A)(ii)(V).’’; 
(3) in section 333(a) (42 U.S.C. 6303(a))— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.004 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2326 April 21, 2015 
(A) by striking ‘‘section 332(a)(5)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘paragraph (5), (6), (7), or (8) of sec-tion 332(a)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), or (5) of 
section 332(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), (5), (6), (7), or (8) of section 332(a)’’; and 
(4) in section 334 (42 U.S.C. 6304)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 332(a)(5)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘paragraph (5), (6), (7), or (8) of sec-tion 332(a)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘section 332(a)(6)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 332(a)(7)’’. 
TITLE III—ENERGY INFORMATION FOR 
COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS 
SEC. 301. ENERGY INFORMATION FOR COMMER-
CIAL BUILDINGS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT OF BENCHMARKING AND  
DISCLOSURE FOR LEASING BUILDINGS WITHOUT  
ENERGY STAR LABELS .—Section 435(b)(2) of 
the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17091(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘signing the contract,’’ and 
all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: 
‘‘signing the contract, the following require-
ments are met: 
‘‘(A) The space is renovated for all energy 
efficiency and conservation improvements that would be cost effective over the life of the lease, including improvements in light-ing, windows, and heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems. 
‘‘(B)(i) Subject to clause (ii), the space is 
benchmarked under a nationally recognized, online, free benchmarking program, with public disclosure, unless the space is a space for which owners cannot access whole build-ing utility consumption data, including spaces— 
‘‘(I) that are located in States with privacy 
laws that provide that utilities shall not pro-vide such aggregated information to multi-tenant building owners; and 
‘‘(II) for which tenants do not provide en-
ergy consumption information to the com-mercial building owner in response to a re-quest from the building owner. 
‘‘(ii) A Federal agency that is a tenant of 
the space shall provide to the building owner, or authorize the owner to obtain from the utility, the energy consumption informa-tion of the space for the benchmarking and disclosure required by this subparagraph.’’. 
(b) S
TUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in collaboration with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, shall complete a study— 
(A) on the impact of— (i) State and local performance 
benchmarking and disclosure policies, and any associated building efficiency policies, for commercial and multifamily buildings; and 
(ii) programs and systems in which utili-
ties provide aggregated information regard-ing whole building energy consumption and usage information to owners of multitenant commercial, residential, and mixed-use buildings; 
(B) that identifies best practice policy ap-
proaches studied under subparagraph (A) that have resulted in the greatest improve-ments in building energy efficiency; and 
(C) that considers— (i) compliance rates and the benefits and 
costs of the policies and programs on build-ing owners, utilities, tenants, and other par-ties; 
(ii) utility practices, programs, and sys-
tems that provide aggregated energy con-sumption information to multitenant build-ing owners, and the impact of public utility commissions and State privacy laws on those practices, programs, and systems; (iii) exceptions to compliance in existing 
laws where building owners are not able to gather or access whole building energy infor-mation from tenants or utilities; 
(iv) the treatment of buildings with— (I) multiple uses; (II) uses for which baseline information is 
not available; and 
(III) uses that require high levels of energy 
intensities, such as data centers, trading floors, and televisions studios; 
(v) implementation practices, including 
disclosure methods and phase-in of compli-ance; 
(vi) the safety and security of 
benchmarking tools offered by government agencies, and the resiliency of those tools against cyber attacks; and 
(vii) international experiences with regard 
to building benchmarking and disclosure laws and data aggregation for multitenant buildings. 
(2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—At the con-
clusion of the study, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives and Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
(c) C
REATION AND MAINTENANCE OF DATA-
BASE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act and following opportunity for public notice and comment, the Secretary of Energy, in co-ordination with other relevant agencies, shall maintain, and if necessary create, a database for the purpose of storing and mak-ing available public energy-related informa-tion on commercial and multifamily build-ings, including— 
(A) data provided under Federal, State, 
local, and other laws or programs regarding building benchmarking and energy informa-tion disclosure; 
(B) information on buildings that have dis-
closed energy ratings and certifications; and 
(C) energy-related information on build-
ings provided voluntarily by the owners of the buildings, only in an anonymous form unless the owner provides otherwise. 
(2) C
OMPLEMENTARY PROGRAMS .—The data-
base maintained pursuant to paragraph (1) shall complement and not duplicate the functions of the Environmental Protection Agency’s Energy Star Portfolio Manager tool. 
(d) I
NPUT FROM STAKEHOLDERS .—The Sec-
retary of Energy shall seek input from stakeholders to maximize the effectiveness of the actions taken under this section. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives and Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on the progress made in complying with this sec-tion. 
Passed the Senate March 26 (legislative 
day, March 27), 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. W
HITFIELD ) and the gen-
tleman from Vermont (Mr. W ELCH ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WHITFIELD. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to insert extraneous mate-rials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. WHITFIELD. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Today, we are considering S. 535, the 
Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015, a bill to address energy efficiency in Federal buildings, energy conserva-tion through the continued use of grid- enabled water heaters, and energy in-formation for federally leased commer-cial buildings. 
I also want to thank the gentleman 
from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ) for working 
with us on this important legislation. Both sides of the aisle came together in this legislation, and I want to thank all of them and their staffs for the work that they have done. 
Madam Speaker, the first title in this 
bill would establish a Tenant Star pro-gram—a voluntary certification and recognition program—within ENERGY STAR to promote energy efficiency in separate spaces. This program allows for a voluntary, market-driven ap-proach to aligning the interests of commercial building owners and their tenants to reduce energy consumption. The DOE would also be required to complete a study on feasible ap-proaches to improving the energy effi-ciency of tenant-occupied spaces in commercial buildings. 
The second title in this bill relates to 
hot water heaters. There are approxi-mately 250 electric cooperatives in 34 States that utilize large electric resist-ance water heaters in demand response programs to help with reliability and consumer costs during peak periods of energy use. 
In March 2010, the Department of En-
ergy issued new energy efficiency standards for large electric resistance water heaters that would, in effect, prohibit the manufacture of these water heaters that are 55 gallons or larger in favor of heat pump tech-nology for water heaters of 55 gallons or larger. These standards took effect last week. 
I might say that the American people 
from whom I frequently hear are to-tally frustrated by the micromanage-ment of the government in almost every aspect of their lives, and this regulation about water heaters is just one example. 
At the hearing that we held on this 
regulation, the manufacturers testified that this regulation would basically double the cost of these water heaters. We have a situation in which many heat pump water heaters are not com-patible with certain utility thermal en-ergy storage and demand response pro-grams that allow utilities to reduce or to shift their loads during certain peri-ods of energy use. Title II would allow for the continued manufacture of large electric resistant water heaters above certain gallons specifically for use in these energy savings programs. 
This is very common sense, Congress’ 
responding to concerns by the general 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.004 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2327 April 21, 2015 
public that the Department of Energy 
is trying to micromanage this small part of the energy sector in the United States. 
I might mention that the third title 
of this bill requires that federally leased buildings without ENERGY STAR labels benchmark and disclose their energy usage data where prac-ticable. Federally owned buildings are already subject to benchmarking re-quirements pursuant to section 432 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. Title III simply requires the DOE to complete a study of best practices regarding State and local performance benchmarking and disclo-sure policies for commercial and multi- family buildings in addition to the im-pact of utility policies for providing aggregated information to owners of multi-tenant buildings to assist with benchmarking programs. 
This is a commonsense piece of legis-
lation. It has passed the House and the Senate. The Senate bill was a little bit different than ours, so we are taking up their bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I thank the gentleman for his excel-
lent work. 
Today is a very good day in Congress 
and in our country as we send to the President’s desk bipartisan legislation that will: one, lower energy bills for families and businesses; two, create good jobs in manufacturing American- made energy efficiency products; and, three, improve our environment by re-ducing carbon emissions. I am hopeful that the common ground we have found in this bill sets the stage for further cooperation by both parties and by both Chambers in addressing many of the challenges facing our country. 
I want to thank Chairman U
PTON and 
Chairman W HITFIELD , and I want to 
thank Ranking Member P ALLONE and 
Ranking Member R USH for working 
with us to advance this important leg-islation. 
Thank you, especially, Representa-
tive M
CKINLEY , for partnering with me 
this term and last on this issue. Your background as an engineer and as a small business owner has provided much-needed expertise to our com-mittee, and I am grateful to you for your partnership and leadership on this issue. 
The bill before us today, as Mr. W
HIT-
FIELD said, advanced by Senators S HA-
HEEN and P ORTMAN in the Senate, also 
includes some very good ideas from many Members of this House, those from Representatives C
RAMER , DOYLE , 
LATTA , L OEBSACK , C ASTOR , and 
KINZINGER . 
Thank you all for your contributions 
to this good, bipartisan bill. 
Madam Speaker, I have long believed 
that energy efficiency is an issue that lends itself to looking past partisan differences to find common ground in our Congress. We may disagree on the causes of climate change and of the best fuel mix to meet America’s energy 
needs, but we can all agree that using less of whatever energy source is more. We can all agree that creating demand for American-made, energy-efficient products will create good jobs, and we can all agree that cutting the energy bills of homeowners, businesses, and the Federal Government is a very good thing. 
Vermont has been a leader for a long 
time in energy efficiency. We were the first in the Nation to establish an ‘‘en-ergy efficiency utility’’ to provide as-sistance to homeowners and businesses that were seeking to lower their energy bills. In 2013 alone, the work of Effi-ciency Vermont yielded a lifetime cus-tomer savings of $206 million for Vermonters. That is real money. 
The bill before us today takes an im-
portant step towards making America more energy efficient. It includes the Better Buildings Act, also known as Tenant Star, which will drive private sector innovation in the energy effi-ciency sector. Homes and buildings consume 40 percent of our energy in the United States. That is 40 percent. In commercial buildings, owners report that tenants consume up to 50 percent or more of the total building energy. 
One of the challenges facing commer-
cial buildings has been the issue of ‘‘split incentives.’’ Building owners and tenants are not always on the same page when it comes to energy perform-ance. Part of the problem is that only one party is paying the energy bill. The other part of the problem is that, while we recognize energy-efficient buildings through our ENERGY STAR program, we have no similar recognition pro-gram for tenant spaces. Our bill creates a voluntary Tenant Star recognition program for separate spaces in com-mercial buildings. 
When we combine ENERGY STAR 
buildings with Tenant Star rentals, we can optimize energy efficiency and shorten payback periods. A good exam-ple of this synergy can be found in the ENERGY STAR-certified Vermont In-novation Center, located in Burlington, Vermont. The Vermont Energy Invest-ment Corporation is located in this building as well as my own district of-fice. 
The VEIC took aggressive action to 
optimize the efficiency of its tenant space in the building. It converted the overhead fluorescent lighting to highly efficient LEDs and applied 6 inches of spray foam insulation to the exterior walls. Making these improvements in an ENERGY STAR building optimized an already efficient tenant space. The VEIC expects to save nearly $11,000 a year in energy savings. However, there is no recognition program for these im-provements, and we don’t know what else VEIC could be doing to increase energy savings. 
Under this bill, we will study the best 
ways to optimize commercial tenant spaces and to recognize such spaces with a new Tenant Star label. By com-bining energy-efficient tenant build- outs with ENERGY STAR buildings, we 
will double down on a successful pro-gram and optimize energy savings in commercial buildings, all through vol-untary action. 
In addition to Tenant Star, this leg-
islation includes two other important efficiency provisions. 
First, the bill makes much-needed 
changes to energy efficiency standards for large water heaters used in demand response programs. These water heat-ers act as residential energy storage devices and allow utilities to curb en-ergy demand during peak hours. 
Mr. W
HITFIELD , thank you again for 
your leadership on this. 
Second, the bill will require the dis-
closure of the amount of energy con-sumed in federally leased buildings and begin benchmarking their energy use. 
In the coming weeks, I look forward 
to working with my colleagues to pass additional bipartisan energy efficiency bills, including a more expansive version of the McKinley-Welch-Sha-heen-Portman legislation before us today. We should also pass legislation to encourage performance contracting in Federal buildings and streamline the Federal green schools efforts. 
b1545 
Madam Speaker, energy efficiency is 
not a partisan issue. I am encouraged by the steps we are taking today and look forward to working with my col-leagues on additional initiatives that cut energy bills, create jobs, and im-prove the environment. I urge Members to vote for this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Madam Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WELCH. I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH). 
Mr. RUSH. I thank the gentleman for 
yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of 
S. 535, the Energy Efficiency Improve-ment Act of 2015, and I want to join with my colleague, Mr. W
ELCH , in con-
gratulating all in the leadership: Mr. W
HITFIELD , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. P ALLONE , 
and the chairman of the full com-mittee. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a modest but, 
most importantly, a bipartisan piece of legislation that combines three sepa-rate energy efficiency titles. This bill was passed by unanimous consent out of the Senate just this last month. 
The bill before us today is also simi-
lar to H.R. 2126, which passed out of this House in the last session of Con-gress on an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 375–36. 
The first title of this bill, Madam 
Speaker, is the Better Buildings Act, which was introduced into the Con-gress by my friends and colleagues, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) and the gentleman from 
Vermont (Mr. W ELCH ). 
This title simply directs the General 
Services Administration to develop model leasing provisions and best prac-tices to encourage commercial building 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.013 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2328 April 21, 2015 
owners and their tenants to invest in 
cost-effective energy efficiency meas-ures. These model leasing provisions may then be used in Federal leases and, along with the best practices, Madam Speaker, shall be made available to all State and local governments. 
Additionally, section 103 directs the 
Department of Energy to conduct a study on the feasibility of significantly improving energy efficiency in com-mercial buildings through the design and construction of separate tenant spaces with high-performance energy efficiency measures. 
Section 104 directs the EPA to de-
velop a ‘‘Tenant Star’’ program within the ENERGY STAR program to pro-mote energy efficiency in separate spaces leased by tenants in commercial buildings. This data can then be used to establish an ENERGY STAR rating system to recognize tenants in com-mercial buildings that voluntarily achieve high levels of energy efficiency in separate spaces. 
Madam Speaker, title II of this bill, 
the Grid-Enabled Water Heaters bill, was introduced by my colleague and my good friend, Chairman W
HITFIELD , 
along with Mr. W ELCH , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. D OYLE . 
This section establishes a separate en-ergy efficiency standard for grid-en-abled water heaters, which are used in utility demand and thermal storage programs. 
Finally, Madam Speaker, title III of 
this bill, the Energy Information for Commercial Buildings bill, which was introduced into Congress by my friend and colleague, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, 
requires Federally leased buildings without ENERGY STAR labels to benchmark and disclose their energy usage data in most cases. 
It also requires the Department of 
Energy to complete a study of best practices for and impacts of, one, State and local performance benchmarking and disclosure policies for commercial and multifamily buildings; and, two, utility policies for providing aggre-gated information to owners of multi-tenant buildings to assist with benchmarking programs. In addition, Madam Speaker, the DOE is required to maintain a database to store and make available public energy-related information on commercial and multi-family buildings. 
Madam Speaker, in recent history, 
we have not been able to pass bipar-tisan energy legislation through both Chambers and into law, so it is impor-tant that we move this bill to the President’s desk so that we can dem-onstrate once again to the American people that this Congress is still capa-ble of functioning properly and legis-lating on their behalf. 
Madam Speaker, I urge all my col-
leagues to vote for this bill. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Madam Speaker, I 
don’t believe we have any additional speakers on our side, and I would like the opportunity to close, so I will re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time, and thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH) not just for his remarks on this 
bill, but for his leadership on this issue and other issues in the committee over the years. 
It is a good day when we can come 
together to do something constructive. This legislation finds that spot, energy efficiency, where we can join in em-bracing the enormous benefit of cre-ating ways where homeowners and business owners of commercial build-ings can figure out how to cut down on their bills. Whatever fuel source they use, if they have got a lower bill, that is a good thing. 
To achieve that goal, we have to put 
Americans to work, a lot of tradespeople who have got real skills and need a place to use them. They are the ones who retrofit these buildings, commercial buildings and homes. There is an incidental benefit: We re-duce carbon emissions since we are using less fuel. This is tremendous. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. W
HITFIELD ) and the gen-
tleman from Michigan (Mr. U PTON ) for 
all the good work that they did. 
Madam Speaker, seeing no other 
speakers here, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Madam Speaker, I 
want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle once again, specifi-cally Senators S
HAHEEN and P ORTMAN , 
Congressmen M CKINLEY and W ELCH , 
Mr. U PTON and Mr. P ALLONE , and cer-
tainly Mr. R USHof Illinois. All of them 
worked very diligently on this, and I know they are committed to efficiency. 
I want to just say one more time that 
I am specifically pleased that this leg-islation will stop the Department of Energy’s regulation that would pro-hibit the manufacture of heat-resistant water heaters above 55 gallons. If that regulation had been allowed to con-tinue, it would have cost the American public a lot more money going to the heat pump technology. So this legisla-tion has stopped that. It is going to im-prove efficiency. I would urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
support of S. 535, the Energy Efficiency Im-provement Act of 2015. This is bipartisan leg-islation to promote energy efficiency that re-cently passed the Senate by unanimous con-sent. 
S. 535—sponsored by Senators P
ORTMAN  
and S HAHEEN —is very similar to legislation re-
ported last Congress by the Energy and Com-merce Committee which passed the House with an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote. The bill addresses three main areas: energy effi-cient buildings, the grid-enabled water heaters, and energy benchmarking and information dis-closure for federal buildings. 
Title one is comprised of the Better Build-
ings Act, bipartisan legislation sponsored in the House by Reps. M
CKINLEY and W ELCH . 
Section 102 of the bill directs the General Services Administration to develop model leasing provisions and best practices to en-courage commercial building owners and ten-
ants to invest in cost-effective energy effi-ciency measures. It also ensures the model leasing provisions are available for use in fed-eral leases and, along with the best practices, are available for state and local governments to also use. Additionally, Section 103 directs the Department of Energy (DOE) to study im-proving energy efficiency in commercial build-ings through design and construction of sepa-rate tenant spaces with high-performance en-ergy efficiency measures. And, Section 104 di-rects EPA to develop a voluntary ‘‘Tenant Star’’ program within the Energy Star program to promote energy efficiency in separate spaces leased by tenants in commercial build-ings and requires the Agency to establish an Energy Star rating system to recognize ten-ants in commercial buildings that voluntarily achieve high levels of energy efficiency in sep-arate spaces. 
Title two establishes a separate energy effi-
ciency standard for grid-enabled water heat-ers, which are used in utility demand-response and thermal storage programs. This is sub-stantially the same language included in H.R. 
906, legislation sponsored by Chairman W
HIT-
FIELD , Mr. L OEBSACK and others that was re-
ported without dissent last week by our com-mittee. In addition to establishing a separate standard for these water heaters, the provision requires those units to have a built-in activa-tion lock to ensure their participation in such a program. 
Finally, title three is essentially the same as 
H.R. 1867, legislation sponsored by Reps. C
ASTOR and K INZINGER regarding energy infor-
mation for commercial buildings. Section 301 requires federally-leased buildings without En-ergy Star labels to benchmark and disclose their energy usage data except in certain cir-cumstances. It also requires DOE to complete a study of best practices regarding the im-pacts of state and local performance benchmarking and disclosure policies for com-mercial and multifamily buildings, as well as utility policies for providing aggregated infor-mation to owners of multitenant buildings to assist with benchmarking programs. In addi-tion, it requires DOE to maintain a database to store and make available public energy-related information on commercial and multifamily buildings. 
S. 535 is a stripped down version of the 
Shaheen-Portman efficiency legislation that has taken far too long to pass either chamber. However, I am disappointed that—unlike the original Shaheen-Portman bill—the proposal before us does not contain provisions au-thored by Rep. E
SHOO that would address the 
efficiency of federal data centers. This is an area where we can easily see a great gain in efficiency relatively quickly and easily and her proposal has good bipartisan support. So, I have to note with concern the fact that some-thing as useful and bipartisan as that federal data center efficiency language could not make it into the final package, despite being something that enjoys support on both sides. 
I hope that is an anomaly and not a har-
binger of things to come, because we need to look at both sides of the equation—demand and supply, consumers and producers—to construct an energy policy for the future, one that is both economically and environmentally sustainable. And we need the resources of both sides of the aisle, both chambers of Con-gress and all branches of government to get there. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.015 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2329 April 21, 2015 
Today, the Obama Administration released 
the first installment of its Quadrennial Energy Review (QER) after a year-long, detailed ex-amination of our energy needs. The QER is not exactly glamorous, but it is a serious, thoughtful and necessary look at how best to modernize America’s energy infrastructure to create jobs and grow our economy in a man-ner that ensures our energy security and pro-tects our environment. While I look forward to reviewing the complete report, I know that the progress updates we have received through-out the year have elicited positive and hopeful reactions from both sides of the aisle. 
That’s why I’m particularly pleased that the 
Administration is releasing this now while our Committee and our counterparts in the other body are considering the components of a possible bipartisan energy bill. We must meet consumers’ need for reliable, affordable and, just as importantly, clean energy—one of the nation’s most pressing issues. The QER looks to the future of our economy to take full ad-vantage of American innovation and the new sources of domestic energy supply that are transforming the nation’s energy marketplace. Just like efficiency, energy infrastructure—par-ticularly with regard to size, scope, volume and siting—is critical to that endeavor. So, too, is the makeup—not just the volume—of the jobs that are created in modernizing that infra-structure; they must be jobs that are long- term, well-paying, and a gateway to the Amer-ican dream for a diverse range of women and men. 
As Chairman U
PTON , Chairman W HITFIELD , 
Ranking Member R USH and I continue to ex-
plore the potential for developing and moving a bipartisan energy bill during this Congress, I hope we will take advantage of the QER, as well as the best consensus ideas on both sides of the aisle here in Congress. That, to me, is the only successful path forward and it is the process embodied in the legislation be-fore us today. 
I urge my colleagues to support both the 
legislation before us and continuing the effort to build a broad, bipartisan partnership on en-ergy issues. Only through this kind of coopera-tion can we enact energy legislation that truly powers our economy and our future. 
Mr. PETERSON. Madam Speaker, I strongly 
support the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act, which will create a special category for large volume water heaters in the Department of Energy’s new energy efficiency standards. Without this bill, manufacturers would no longer be able to make large volume water heaters, which are commonly used in Min-nesota homes. 
This legislation is necessary because the 
DOE failed to recognize the many benefits that large-volume water heaters provide, like bringing more renewable energy onto the grid, and allowing power plants to run more effi-ciently. The Department then made a problem-atic rule even worse by pulling a waiver for this technology three weeks before the rule went final this month. 
This could have been where the story 
ended, but a diverse coalition of stakeholders had been working together to ensure that this technology can continue to be used. 
They know that using electricity in a smarter 
way not only saves consumers money, but it is also good for the environment and helps to stabilize the grid. 
That is why industry, environmental and en-
ergy efficiency stakeholders support these hot water heaters when used as part of demand 
response systems. I hope that with the pas-sage of this bill, the Department can get quick-ly reverse course, and move forward. 
This is good, reasonable legislation and I 
urge my colleagues to vote yes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. W
HITFIELD ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 535. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ENSURING PATIENT ACCESS AND 
EFFECTIVE DRUG ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 471) to improve enforce-ment efforts related to prescription drug diversion and abuse, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 471 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring 
Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforce-ment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REGISTRATION PROCESS UNDER CON-
TROLLED SUBSTANCES ACT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .— 
(1) F ACTORS AS MAY BE RELEVANT TO AND  
CONSISTENT WITH THE PUBLIC HEALTH AND  
SAFETY .—Section 303 of the Controlled Sub-
stances Act (21 U.S.C. 823) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) In this section, the phrase ‘factors as 
may be relevant to and consistent with the public health and safety’ means factors that are relevant to and consistent with the find-ings contained in section 101.’’. 
(2) I
MMINENT DANGER TO THE PUBLIC HEALTH  
OR SAFETY .—Section 304(d) of the Controlled 
Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 824(d)) is amend-ed— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(d) The Attorney General’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(d)(1) The Attorney General’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the phrase ‘immi-
nent danger to the public health or safety’ means that, in the absence of an immediate suspension order, controlled substances will continue to be distributed or dispensed by a registrant who knows or should know through fulfilling the obligations of the reg-istrant under this Act— 
‘‘(A) the dispensing is outside the usual 
course of professional practice; 
‘‘(B) the distribution or dispensing poses a 
present or foreseeable risk of adverse health consequences or death due to the abuse or misuse of the controlled substances; or 
‘‘(C) the controlled substances will con-
tinue to be diverted outside of legitimate distribution channels.’’. 
(b) O
PPORTUNITY TOSUBMIT CORRECTIVE  
ACTION PLAN PRIOR TO REVOCATION OR SUS-
PENSION .—Subsection (c) of section 304 of the 
Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 824) is amended— 
(1) by striking the last two sentences; (2) by striking ‘‘(c) Before’’ and inserting 
‘‘(c)(1) Before’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) An order to show cause under para-
graph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) contain a statement of the basis for 
the denial, revocation, or suspension, includ-ing specific citations to any laws or regula-tions alleged to be violated by the applicant or registrant; 
‘‘(B) direct the applicant or registrant to 
appear before the Attorney General at a time and place stated in the order, but not less than 30 days after the date of receipt of the order; and 
‘‘(C) notify the applicant or registrant of 
the opportunity to submit a corrective ac-tion plan on or before the date of appear-ance. 
‘‘(3) Upon review of any corrective action 
plan submitted by an applicant or registrant pursuant to paragraph (2), the Attorney Gen-eral shall determine whether denial, revoca-tion or suspension proceedings should be dis-continued, or deferred for the purposes of modification, amendment, or clarification to such plan. 
‘‘(4) Proceedings to deny, revoke, or sus-
pend shall be conducted pursuant to this sec-tion in accordance with subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code. Such proceedings shall be independent of, and not in lieu of, criminal prosecutions or other proceedings under this title or any other law of the United States. 
‘‘(5) The requirements of this subsection 
shall not apply to the issuance of an imme-diate suspension order under subsection (d).’’. 
SEC. 3. REPORT TO CONGRESS ON EFFECTS OF 
LAW ENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES ON PATIENT ACCESS TO MEDICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs and the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in coordina-tion with the Administrator of the Drug En-forcement Administration and in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, the Committee on the Judi-ciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate identifying— 
(1) obstacles to legitimate patient access 
to controlled substances; 
(2) issues with diversion of controlled sub-
stances; and 
(3) how collaboration between Federal, 
State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies and the pharmaceutical industry can benefit patients and prevent diversion and abuse of controlled substances. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—The report under sub-
section (a) shall incorporate feedback and recommendations from the following: 
(1) Patient groups. (2) Pharmacies. (3) Drug manufacturers. (4) Common or contract carriers and ware-
housemen. 
(5) Hospitals, physicians, and other health 
care providers. 
(6) State attorneys general. (7) Federal, State, local, and tribal law en-
forcement agencies. 
(8) Health insurance providers and entities 
that provide pharmacy benefit management services on behalf of a health insurance pro-vider. 
(9) Wholesale drug distributors. (10) Veterinarians. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.010 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2330 April 21, 2015 
Tennessee (Mrs. B LACKBURN ) and the 
gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W ELCH ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Tennessee? 
There was no objection. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 471, 
the Ensuring Patient Access and Effec-tive Drug Enforcement Act of 2015. This critical legislation combats inap-propriate use of prescription drugs by bringing greater clarity and trans-parency to the requirements for safe and secure distribution of these medi-cines. 
It accomplishes these goals by clari-
fying some key terminology in the Controlled Substances Act. This com-prehensive approach to the legislation will result in better protections against diversion and abuse of con-trolled substances. 
What it does is it provides the DEA 
with the clarity to collaborate with the very people responsible for ensuring that these medications get to the pa-tients who need them without hurting and harming that distribution chain and while clamping down on diversions and abuse. These collaborations will lead to improved policies to prevent di-version while allowing legitimate pa-tients to have access to the medica-tions they need. 
Now, like so many components and 
pieces and bills and parts of legisla-tion, the best example of why this is needed is a story that comes from home. In the case of this bill, we had a constituent who called our office after one of the recent ice storms that we saw in middle Tennessee this winter. It seemed as if these storms would never stop. The ice would come, and then it would not melt. 
We had a constituent who has a son 
who has a severe seizure disorder, and he takes three different medicines to control these seizures. Although his medicines are not opioids, two of them are controlled substances. So this mother, taking care of her son, decided she better get herself to the drugstore before the storm hit, and she did just that, to refill his prescriptions. She was anticipating that the prescriptions would run out before the ice melted and she would be able to get to the store. 
At the drugstore, she was told that 
she could not refill them because it was too early. She explained the situation. The pharmacist sympathized, but the pharmacist went on to say if the pre-scription were to be filled early, there would be problems with the DEA and 
other agencies. 
b1600 
The pharmacist was worried that his 
license might be lost. 
Our legislation is simply to ensure 
that patients who have a legitimate need for medications can receive them while we are battling diversion and abuse, which truly is a problem in this country. 
So, Madam Speaker, I encourage all 
of my colleagues to support this effort. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, April 20, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN UPTON : I am writing with 
respect to H.R. 471, the ‘‘Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2015.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 471 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our Committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
The Judiciary Committee takes this action 
with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 471 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. 
I would appreciate a response to this letter 
confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 471, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 471. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, April 20, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 471, the ‘‘Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforce-ment Act of 2015’’. As you noted, there are provisions of the bill that fall within the Committee on the Judiciary’s Rule X juris-diction. 
I appreciate your willingness to forgo con-
sideration of H.R. 471, and I agree that your decision is not a waiver of any of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary’s jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or simi-lar legislation, and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves for-ward. In addition, I understand the Com-mittee reserves the right to seek the ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, for which you will have my support. I will include a copy of your letter and this 
response in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 471 on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I am pleased that the House is taking 
up again bipartisan action today to ad-dress the serious issue that impacts families in each of our districts: pre-scription drug abuse. 
Vermont, like Tennessee and many 
States around the country, is grappling with a serious opiate epidemic. In addi-tion to alarming increases in heroin abuse, admissions for treatment of pre-scription drug abuse increased 361 per-cent between 2005 and 2013. 
As we have experienced in Vermont, 
we are most effective in dealing with this public health crisis when stake-holders—providers, public health offi-cials, law enforcement, distributors, and pharmacists—come together to tackle the problem head-on. 
Today, the distributors of prescrip-
tion drugs, along with local phar-macies, are experiencing unpredictable enforcement from the DEA. This has led to disruptions in the supply chain which limit patient access to prescrip-tion drugs for legitimate uses, as was evidenced by my colleague’s story. 
The Ensuring Patient Access and Ef-
fective Drug Enforcement Act will en-courage collaboration between law en-forcement, members of the supply chain, and public health providers and officials while ensuring patients have access to the treatment their doctor has prescribed. 
It has been a pleasure to work with 
Representative M
ARINO , Representative 
BLACKBURN , and Representative C HU, 
who has been a major leader on this, and I thank them for their efforts and their leadership. I also thank Chairman U
PTON and Ranking Member P ALLONE  
for making this issue a priority of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
471, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
think it is so important for us to note that the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ) has been the primary au-
thor of this legislation and has brought to the table to work on this bill his ex-perience of 7 years as a U.S. attorney— 10 years prior to that as a district at-torney—and has seen firsthand and dealt with drug diversion, drug enforce-ment issues, and the needs of the pa-tient. 
At this time, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, in early 
2013, a pharmacist told me about a problem he was having accessing nec-essary prescriptions for his customers, many of whom were older cancer pa-tients suffering with chronic pain. 
What started out as a simple con-
versation with a constituent soon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.017 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2331 April 21, 2015 
turned into serious concerns about 
problems in the prescription drug sup-ply chain—problems that we aim to ad-dress here today by passing H.R. 471, the Ensuring Patient Access and Effec-tive Drug Enforcement Act. 
Any legitimate business involved in 
distributing or dispensing prescriptions welcomes appropriate oversight and regulation. Further, we know these businesses value a collaborative work-ing relationship with agencies like the Drug Enforcement Administration. 
Manufacturers, distributors, and 
pharmacies alike are on the front lines every day in the fight to end the pre-scription drug abuse epidemic. They are making efforts to educate pre-scribers and patients about the safe use and disposal of prescriptions and work-ing to implement prescription drug monitoring programs that will reduce the illegal diversion of powerful opioid pain relievers. 
Despite a strong commitment to 
being part of the solution, distributors and pharmacists are finding that the unnecessary adversarial regulatory en-vironment created by the DEA is put-ting effective enforcement outcomes in jeopardy. 
As a former district attorney and 
United States attorney, I have fond memories of working with DEA agents to put away drug dealers. To say that I have the highest regard for the DEA and the work they do does not begin to convey my respect for the agency and its employees. That is why I am so pas-sionate about this subject and why I think it is necessary to pass H.R. 471 today. 
This bill will bring much-needed clar-
ity to critical provisions of the Con-trolled Substances Act. In doing so, we will ensure that the DEA’s authorities are not abused and threatened by fu-ture legal challenges; foster greater collaboration, communication, and transparency between the DEA and the supply chain; create more opportuni-ties to identify bad actors at the end of the supply chain; and, most impor-tantly, be certain that prescriptions are accessible to patients in need. 
We are all in this together. We can-
not enforce our way out of this epi-demic. Education, treatment, and en-forcement are all critical to addressing the problem, but so is collaboration. 
The clarity that H.R. 471 brings will 
ensure that the current regulatory cul-ture evolves into one that rewards co-operation and brings more successful diversion control efforts in the future. 
I want to thank my friend, Congress-
woman B
LACKBURN , for working closely 
with my team and me to develop the bill. I want to thank our champions on the other side of the aisle, Dr. J
UDY 
CHUand Representative P ETER WELCH , 
for their leadership and efforts to bring us here today. 
We could not have achieved this 
without the efforts of Chairman P
ITTS 
and Chairman U PTON and their staff on 
the Energy and Commerce Committee. I must thank House Judiciary Com-mittee Chairman G
OODLATTE for his 
forthright suggestions that made this a more effective, efficient measure wor-thy of consideration by this House. 
Again, I want to stress the fact that 
this is bipartisan. The Democrats and the Republicans saw the importance in this and got together, and we worked it out, and I thank everyone involved. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. J
UDYCHU), one of the lead sponsors of 
this legislation. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, prescription drugs improve the quality of life for millions of Amer-icans. They treat illnesses, alleviate pain, and help cure disease. But the ease of abuse has turned a solution into a problem. 
Each year, nearly 15,000 overdose 
deaths are attributed to prescription pain relievers—more than heroin and cocaine combined. Our government and private entities in the prescription drug supply chain must do what they can to prevent drug abuse and diver-sion. 
At the same time, we must ensure 
that pharmacists, who are our Nation’s most accessible healthcare providers, are able to dispense drugs to patients who are in legitimate need and have proper prescriptions without ground-less disruptions. 
The bipartisan bill we vote on today 
that I am proud to have introduced with my colleagues would do just that. Our bill encourages collaboration be-tween stakeholders and the Drug En-forcement Administration to ensure ef-fective enforcement of abuse while also ensuring that patients will continue to have safe access to the drugs they need. This will lead to fewer disrup-tions for pharmacists and, in turn, en-sure that patients will not be left be-hind. 
I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this very im-
portant bill. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ), one 
of our colleagues from the Appropria-tions Committee handling Commerce, Justice, Science appropriations. 
Mr. JOLLY. I thank the gentle-
woman. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
support of this commonsense measure that will help us more effectively fight prescription drug abuse while also en-suring that Americans are able to get their needed pain medications. 
Florida has been at the epicenter of 
the debate concerning combating pre-scription drug abuse while ensuring le-gitimate patient access to critical pain medications. 
Florida was one of the first States to 
be affected by the proliferation of ‘‘pill mills’’ and took strong action to shut them down, under the stellar leader-ship of our State attorney general. 
We have seen similar challenges na-
tionally, and DEA has taken action. Unfortunately, Federal agencies have not coordinated their efforts to ensure 
appropriate access to prescription con-trolled substances. 
In Florida and elsewhere, we are see-
ing legitimate patients who are getting caught up in the efforts to stop pre-scription drug abuse. 
My own father was one of those pa-
tients: an 80-year-old retired minister prescribed a legitimate medication for chronic pain and yet unable to fill that prescription at his local pharmacy. All of the best intentions in the world by all of the actors but, unfortunately, there were very unintended con-sequences for a patient who needed care. 
The issue is largely due to DEA poli-
cies and extremely poor coordination between DEA and FDA. 
The key to this legislation is collabo-
ration and coordination. This bill re-quires HHS and DEA to collaboratively assess the obstacles patients like my own father face and more effectively coordinate those efforts to prevent di-version and abuse of prescription drugs, while including the input of pri-vate sector stakeholders who are vital to these efforts. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
very important and commonsense leg-islation. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank my colleagues, par-
ticularly Mr. M
ARINO . We have the 
practical application of a commonsense approach here, where, on the one hand, you have got this enormous health need that the people whom we rep-resent can have some of their suffering alleviated if they can get access to the appropriate prescription drugs. On the other hand, we do have an abuse. Folks get stuck on them, and we have got law enforcement out there trying to make sure they are enforcing the laws. 
The need for law enforcement and the 
need for proper access to prescription medication have to coexist. This prac-tical presentation that was spear-headed by somebody who knows how law enforcement works and is com-mitted to the principles of good law en-forcement, I think, really gave this Congress a boost in coming up with a practical, bipartisan approach to find-ing the right balance. 
So I thank my colleague, Mrs. 
B
LACKBURN , as well as Mr. J OLLY , for 
what I thought was a very helpful statement, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OS-
TELLO ), a member of the Veterans’ Af-
fairs Committee who has worked through this issue with some veterans. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 471. 
We have all seen reports in our local 
newspapers about the fight against pre-scription drug abuse by our local law enforcement officials and the damaging effect that prescription drug abuse has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.020 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2332 April 21, 2015 
on families and communities across 
this country. 
According to the CDC, since 1999, the 
amount of prescription painkillers pre-scribed and sold in the United States has quadrupled. There is, indeed, a trend in the abuse of prescription pain-killers, which is, in part, attributed to the changes in how providers prescribe painkillers. 
The best way to crack down on pre-
scription drug abuse is to have a broad coalition of specialists, including sup-ply chain stakeholders and regulators, to encourage a constructive dialogue to help minimize the impact of this seri-ous public health issue. This legisla-tion does just that. 
Our Federal agencies will be required 
to consult with our local pharmacies and stakeholders on how best to pre-vent prescription drug abuse, while not taking away the access for individuals who rely on these drugs for medicinal needs. 
I commend the efforts of Congress-
man M
ARINO and Congresswoman 
BLACKBURN to create a more construc-
tive environment between manufactur-ers, wholesalers, retail pharmacies, and enforcement agencies to crack down on this epidemic. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to support this legislation. 
b1615 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, as our colleagues have 
heard today, this is a bipartisan effort, and Mr. M
ARINO has really worked dili-
gently with his team and with all of us on this legislation to make certain that we got it right the first time and we didn’t have to come back and re-visit it. 
I thank him, the gentleman from 
Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ), and the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. J UDYCHU) 
for the efforts that they have put into this, and also Chairman P
ITTS and 
Chairman U PTON for the diligence that 
they have shown to the issue to make certain that we moved the bill through the process. 
As I said earlier, this is about access 
to the supply chain and making certain that those with legitimate needs for these medicines have the ability to ac-cess them in a timely manner, also bringing our pharmacists and the DEA into a collaborative process, with clar-ity, so that they make certain that this supply chain remains open to those that need it and that the DEA has the ability to continue to fight di-version and drug abuse. 
Prescription drugs kill more people 
than heroin. This is something we need to realize is a problem. At the same time, those that need these medicines, we need to make certain that supply chain is clear. 
I thank my colleagues for their dili-
gence and their work, and I encourage an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-
port of H.R. 471, the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2015. 
Millions of Americans rely on prescription 
drugs to treat and cure illnesses and improve the overall quality of their lives. Unfortunately, we also have a significant problem in this country with abuse of prescription drugs. 
H.R. 471 would help drug distributors, phar-
macies, and others work with DEA to achieve the difficult balance between keeping con-trolled substance prescription drugs away from drug abusers, but not from patients who ur-gently need them. 
It would achieve this goal by making several 
changes to the Controlled Substances Act. It would provide definitions for the phrases ‘‘fac-tors as may be relevant to and consistent with the public health and safety’’ and ‘‘imminent danger to the public health or safety.’’ It would require DEA to provide registrants an oppor-tunity to submit an action plan to correct any violations for which DEA is considering revok-ing or suspending their controlled substance registration. And it would require FDA, in con-sultation with DEA, to submit a report one year after enactment to Congress on obsta-cles to legitimate patient access to controlled substances and collaborative efforts to benefit patients and prevent abuse of these sub-stances. 
I want to thank Representatives B
LACKBURN , 
MARINO , W ELCH and C HUfor introducing this 
bipartisan legislation and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The question is 
on the motion offered by the gentle-woman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 471, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF CAPITOL 
GROUNDS FOR GREATER WASH-INGTON SOAP BOX DERBY 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 21) authorizing the use of the Capitol 
Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 21 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR 
SOAP BOX DERBY RACES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Greater Washington 
Soap Box Derby Association (in this resolu-tion referred to as the ‘‘sponsor’’) shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, soap box derby races (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘event’’), on the Capitol Grounds. 
(b) D
ATE OF EVENT .—The event shall be 
held on June 20, 2015, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration of the Senate jointly designate. 
SEC. 2. TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Under conditions to be 
prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board, the event shall 
be— 
(1) free of admission charge and open to the 
public; and 
(2) arranged not to interfere with the needs 
of Congress. 
(b) E XPENSES AND LIABILITIES .—The spon-
sor shall assume full responsibility for all expenses and liabilities incident to all activi-ties associated with the event. 
SEC. 3. EVENT PREPARATIONS. 
Subject to the approval of the Architect of 
the Capitol, the sponsor is authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplification devices, and other re-lated structures and equipment as may be re-quired for the event. 
SEC. 4. ADDITIONAL ARRANGEMENTS. 
The Architect of the Capitol and the Cap-
itol Police Board are authorized to make such additional arrangements as may be re-quired to carry out the event. 
SEC. 5. ENFORCEMENT OF RESTRICTIONS. 
The Capitol Police Board shall provide for 
enforcement of the restrictions contained in section 5104(c) of title 40, United States Code, concerning sales, advertisements, displays, and solicitations on the Capitol Grounds, as well as other restrictions applicable to the Capitol Grounds, with respect to the event. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the 
gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H. Con. Res. 21. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H. Con. Res. 21 authorizes the use of 
the Capitol Grounds for the annual Greater Washington Soap Box Derby on June 20. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) for introducing 
this resolution. He has been a longtime supporter of this event and the chil-dren involved each year. 
This event occurs annually on the 
Capitol Grounds. The soapbox derby encourages children to show off their dedication, work, and creativity as they compete for trophies. The winners of each division are qualified to com-pete in the national All-American Soap Box Derby held in Ohio. 
I support passage of this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Rep-
resentative H
OYER for, every year, in-
troducing this resolution on behalf of the Washington regional delegation, and I rise as an original cosponsor. 
This annual competitive event en-
courages boys and girls, ages 9 through 16, to construct and operate their own 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.021 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2333 April 21, 2015 
soapbox vehicles. The children that 
participate in these races come from all over the national capital region to participate in this really fun event. 
The derby has become quite a tradi-
tion in Washington. The D.C. metro-politan area has hosted this tradition for over the last 20 years. It provides a terrific opportunity for children to ap-preciate the workmanship necessary to build the vehicles and for the thrill of competition. 
Winners of this event go on to com-
pete in the national competition in Akron, Ohio, where they compete against children from all over the world. On race day, every Greater Washington Soap Box Derby partici-pant starts the race day with a chance to become a world champion. 
The Greater Washington Soap Box 
Derby organizers will work with the Architect of the Capitol and the Cap-itol Police to ensure the appropriate rules and regulations are in place and that the event remains free to the pub-lic. 
I support this terrific opportunity for 
the children of the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area, and I urge my col-leagues to support the passage of this resolution. 
Mr. Speaker, I may have one addi-
tional speaker, but I would like to say that the children who participate in this event do so with a lot of creativity and ingenuity. They spend an entire year designing their vehicles, then they test their vehicles; they experi-ment with their friends, and then they put them out on race day for the soap-box derby. 
Now, I haven’t had the privilege, Mr. 
Speaker, of participating in a soapbox derby, but they sure are fun to watch. Each year, Representative H
OYER  
makes sure that all of our delegation in the Metropolitan Washington region gathers to organize to make certain that children, from ages 9 through 16, are able to construct those vehicles, operate them themselves, and compete in the competition. 
As I have said before, Mr. Speaker, 
the great challenge is that, on race day, in the morning, all of the young people participating in the soapbox derby get up; and on that day, first thing in the morning, every single one of them is a champion, right up until the finish line. It is an exciting time for these young people. 
Of course, they go on to compete in a 
competition in Akron, Ohio, where there are kids gathered from all over the world who also do the same thing: build those soapboxes and participate. 
The Washington metropolitan region 
is really grateful to be able to host this soapbox derby and, of course, with the good graces of this Congress, to be able to do that on the Capitol Grounds with the cooperation of the Architect. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), our whip. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. I thank her for using some of the time so I could get 
up to the floor. I appreciate that very much. I also thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
resolution, which I have sponsored for many Congresses, to permit the Great-er Washington Soap Box Derby Asso-ciation to hold its annual race on the grounds of the United States Capitol. I am sure that both the chairman and the ranking member, Ms. E
DWARDS , 
have already said that. 
This year will be the 74th soapbox 
derby, held on June 20. On that day, young people from around Washington, D.C., will gather at the Capitol for an event that is both fun, educational, and a teacher of responsibility and making things in America. 
The Greater Washington Soap Box 
Derby began in 1938 with Norman Rocca outmaneuvering 223 other racers to win the inaugural race. Each year since, dozens of boys and girls, ranging in age from 8 to 17, have competed in three divisions: stock, super stock, and masters. The winner in each will qual-ify to compete with racers from across the country in the All-American Soap Box Derby in Akron, Ohio. 
Called ‘‘the greatest amateur racing 
event in the world,’’ America’s soapbox derbies bring parents, children, and friends and neighbors together. They teach hard work, leadership, sports-manship, and pride of achievement. 
These values not only make great 
soapbox racers, but great American innovators and leaders in business, government, science, and the arts. Par-ticipants are often sponsored by com-munity groups, police departments, fire departments, service organiza-tions, and others who see future great promise in these children and teen-agers. 
Mr. Speaker, I have been sponsoring 
this resolution for 24 years because I am so proud of America’s soapbox derby tradition and proud of those from Maryland’s Fifth District who participate. 
My district has celebrated a number 
of derby champions, including the win-ners from 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, and 2014. My district is sort of like John Wooden’s UCLA or the Duke Blue Dev-ils, maybe, or the Maryland Terrapins. The young Marylanders who won the Greater Washington race in 2007 and 2008 went on to win the national cham-pionship. 
I want to thank my colleagues who 
have cosponsored this resolution: Rep-resentatives C
HRIS VANHOLLEN ; GERRY  
CONNOLLY ; DONBEYER ; JOHNDELANEY ; 
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON ; D ONNA  
EDWARDS , who has brought this to the 
floor with the chair; and B ARBARA COM-
STOCK . 
I hope all Members of this House will 
join in supporting our resolution, and they will come to watch the soapbox derby in action on June 20. 
Again, I thank my colleague from 
Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ), for making 
sure that I got here so that I could, once again, say how proud I am of 
those who participate in the soapbox derby. 
Good luck to all of them. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to, once 
again, thank the gentleman from Maryland for his commitment to our youth and for, once again, introducing this great piece of legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the concurrent reso-lution, H. Con. Res. 21. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concur-rent resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF CAPITOL 
GROUNDS FOR NATIONAL PEACE OFFICERS MEMORIAL SERVICE 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 25) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Offi-cers Memorial Service and the Na-tional Honor Guard and Pipe Band Ex-hibition. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 25 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR 
NATIONAL PEACE OFFICERS MEMO-RIAL SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Grand Lodge of the 
Fraternal Order of Police and its auxiliary shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, the 34th Annual National Peace Officers Me-morial Service (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘Memorial Service’’), on the Capitol Grounds, in order to honor the law enforce-ment officers who died in the line of duty during 2014. 
(b) D
ATE OF MEMORIAL SERVICE .—The Me-
morial Service shall be held on May 15, 2015, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate jointly designate, with preparation for the event to begin on May 12, 2015. 
SEC. 2. USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR NA-
TIONAL HONOR GUARD AND PIPE BAND EXHIBITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Grand Lodge of the 
Fraternal Order of Police and its auxiliary shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Ex-hibition (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘Exhibition’’), on the Capitol Grounds, in order to allow law enforcement representa-tives to exhibit their ability to demonstrate Honor Guard programs and provide for a bag pipe exhibition. 
(b) D
ATE OF EXHIBITION .—The exhibition 
shall be held on May 14, 2015, or on such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.024 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2334 April 21, 2015 
other date as the Speaker of the House of 
Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate jointly designate. 
SEC. 3. TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Under conditions to be 
prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board, the event shall be— 
(1) free of admission charge and open to the 
public; and 
(2) arranged not to interfere with the needs 
of Congress. 
(b) E
XPENSES AND LIABILITIES .—The spon-
sors of the Memorial Service and Exhibition shall assume full responsibility for all ex-penses and liabilities incident to all activi-ties associated with the events. 
SEC. 4. EVENT PREPARATIONS. 
Subject to the approval of the Architect of 
the Capitol, the sponsors referred to in sec-tion 3(b) are authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplifi-cation devices, and other related structures and equipment, as may be required for the Memorial Service and Exhibition. 
SEC. 5. ENFORCEMENT OF RESTRICTIONS. 
The Capitol Police Board shall provide for 
enforcement of the restrictions contained in section 5104(c) of title 40, United States Code, concerning sales, advertisements, displays, and solicitations on the Capitol Grounds, as well as other restrictions applicable to the Capitol Grounds, in connection with the events. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the 
gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
b1630 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H. Con. Res. 25. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H. Con. Res. 25 authorizes the use of 
the Capitol Grounds for the annual Na-tional Peace Officers Memorial Service and a National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. I am pleased to be the sponsor of this resolution, along with the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
AR-
SON). 
These events are held each year as 
part of Police Week, to honor the men and women who sacrificed their lives in the line of duty. This year, over 125 Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment officers will be honored for their ultimate sacrifice: giving their lives in the line of duty. Four of these officers are from Pennsylvania, including one from near my district, Corporal Bryon Dickson II of the Pennsylvania State Police. 
Corporal Dickson was killed in Sep-
tember of 2014 after he and Trooper Alex Douglass were shot during an am-bush targeting police officers outside the Blooming Grove barracks in north-
eastern Pennsylvania. The suspect, Eric Frein, cowardly hid in the woods while local, State, and Federal law en-forcement searched for him. He was fi-nally captured after a 7-week manhunt. 
Corporal Dickson was a United 
States Marine Corps veteran and served with the Pennsylvania State Po-lice for 7 years. He left behind a wife and two young sons. 
Three other Pennsylvania officers 
will also be honored, including Officer Richard Champion of the Perryopolis Borough Police Department, who was killed during a vehicle pursuit in De-cember; Trooper David Kedra of the Pennsylvania State Police, who was ac-cidentally shot during a training exer-cise; and Sergeant Sheryl Pierce of the South Londonderry Township Police Department, who died from a deadly illness contracted while carrying out her duties. 
The sacrifices of these officers and 
the sacrifices of those like them should not be forgotten. These tragic episodes should serve to remind all citizens of the dangerous jobs our men and women of law enforcement courageously vol-unteer for. They put their lives on the line to protect us daily, and for that we should always remain grateful. 
I support passage of this resolution, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H. Con. Res. 25 author-
izes the use of the Capitol Grounds for the annual National Peace Officers Me-morial Service on May 15 and a Na-tional Honor Guard and Pipe Band Ex-hibition. Both events will be coordi-nated with the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police. 
The National Peace Officers Memo-
rial will honor law enforcement offi-cers who were killed in the line of duty in 2014. According to preliminary esti-mates, over 125 law enforcement offi-cers were killed in the line of duty just this last year, a 24 percent increase over the 102 officers killed in 2013. 
Firearms-related incidents were the 
leading cause of death among law en-forcement officers in 2014, with 50 offi-cers slain by firearms. The second lead-ing cause of death among law enforce-ment officers was traffic-related fatali-ties, with 49 officers killed in that manner. 
In the State of Maryland, there was 
one law enforcement officer killed in the line of duty in 2014, Officer Jamel Claggett from the Charles County Sheriff’s Office. 
Mr. Speaker, I know that we are hon-
oring and recognizing peace officers who were killed in the line of duty in 2014, but I would like to make a per-sonal note that in the State of Mary-land alone, just since the beginning of this year, three officers were killed and one police dog was also killed in the line of duty: 
Just a couple of weeks ago, Federal 
Protective Service Officer Lawrence Buckner was killed outside of the Cen-sus Bureau on April 9; just a few weeks 
before that, Prince George’s County Police Officer Brennan Rabain was killed in an automobile accident on March 7; just prior to that, in January, a police officer from Baltimore, Craig Chandler, was also killed in a vehicle accident; a canine, Bella, from the Maryland Division of Correction in Maryland was killed in a fire incident also just a few weeks ago. 
It is a stark reminder of the jeopardy 
that officers place themselves in and a reminder of what they do every single day to protect each and every one of us. I have such a deep admiration and appreciation for the fallen officers who will be honored on May 15 and the ulti-mate sacrifices they have made on be-half of all of our local communities. I urge Members to join me in supporting this tribute to our law enforcement of-ficers across the country who died in the line of duty in 2014. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H. Con. Res. 25, which au-thorizes the use of the Capitol grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Ex-hibition. 
It is altogether fitting and proper that we do 
this. 
The National Law Enforcement Officers Me-
morial is the nation’s monument to law en-forcement officers who have died in the line of duty. 
Dedicated on October 15, 1991, the Memo-
rial honors federal, state and local law en-forcement officers who have made the ulti-mate sacrifice for the safety and protection of our nation and its people. 
Carved on its walls are the names of 20,538 
officers who have been killed in the line of duty throughout U.S. history, dating back to the first known death in 1791. 
Added to the Wall this year will be the 
names of the 117 police officers killed in the line of duty in 2014. 
Mr. Speaker, enshrined on the Memorial 
Wall of Honor also are the names of 1,695 fallen peace officers from the state of Texas, the most of any state, including 114 members of the Houston Police Department who gave their lives to keep their city safe. 
I ask unanimous consent to include a list of 
these fallen heroes from Houston, Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, today there are more than 
900,000 law enforcement personnel serving the people of our country, the highest amount ever. 
About 12 percent of them are female. These brave men and women risk their lives 
to keep the peace and keep us safe but they are too often taken by the violence they are working to prevent. 
Every year, a law enforcement officer is 
killed somewhere in the United States every 60 hours, and there are also 58,930 assaults against our law officers each year, resulting in 15,404 injuries. 
Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Law En-
forcement Caucus I am proud to represent the people of the 18th Congressional District of Texas in paying tribute to the 117 fallen he-roes who will be joining the 20,538 gallant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.008 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2335 April 21, 2015 
men and women who gave the last full meas-
ure of devotion to the communities they took an oath to protect and serve. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask for a moment of silence 
in memory of the officers whose names will be added to the National Peace Officers Memo-rial Wall of Honor. 
HOUSTON LAWENFORCEMENT OFFICERS  
MEMORIALIZED ON THE WALL OF HONOR  
1. Timothy Scott Abernethy, End of 
Watch: December 7, 2008, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
2. Charles H Baker, End of Watch: August 
16, 1979, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
3. Johnny Terrell Bamsch, End of Watch: 
January 30, 1975, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
4. Claude R Beck, End of Watch: December 
10, 1971, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
5. Jack B Beets, End of Watch: March 30, 
1955, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
6. Troy A Blando, End of Watch: May 19, 
1999, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
7. James Charles Boswell, End of Watch: 
December 9, 1989, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
8. C E Branon, End of Watch: March 20, 
1959, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
9. John M Cain, End of Watch: August 3, 
1911, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
10. Richard H Calhoun, End of Watch: Octo-
ber 10, 1975, Houston Texas Police Depart-ment 
11. Dionicio M Camacho, End of Watch: Oc-
tober 23, 2009, Harris County, Texas, S.O. 
12. Henry Canales, End of Watch: June 23, 
2009, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
13. Frank Manuel Cantu Jr, End of Watch: 
March 25, 2004, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
14. E C Chavez, End of Watch: September 
17, 1925, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
15. Charles Roy Clark, End of Watch: April 
3, 2003, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
16. Charles Robert Coates II, End of Watch: 
February 23, 1983, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
17. Pete Corrales, End of Watch: January 
25, 1925, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
18. Rufus E Daniels, End of Watch: August 
23, 1917, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
19. Johnnie Davidson, End of Watch: Feb-
ruary 19, 1921, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
20. Worth Davis, End of Watch: June 17, 
1928, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
21. Keith Alan Dees, End of Watch: March 
7, 2002, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
22. Reuben Becerra Deleon Jr, End of 
Watch: October 26, 2005, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
23. William Edwin Deleon, End of Watch: 
March 29, 1982, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
24. Floyd T Deloach Jr, End of Watch: June 
30, 1965, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
25. George D Edwards, End of Watch: June 
30, 1939, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
26. Dawn Suzanne Erickson, End of Watch: 
December 24, 1995, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
27. J C Etheridge, End of Watch: August 23, 
1924, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
28. James E Fenn, End of Watch: March 14, 
1891, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
29. E D Fitzgerald, End of Watch: Sep-
tember 30, 1930, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
30. C Edward Foley, End of Watch: March 
10, 1860, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
31. Joseph Robert Free, End of Watch: Oc-
tober 18, 1912, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
32. Guy P Gaddis, End of Watch: January 
31, 1994, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
33. James T Gambill, End of Watch: De-
cember 1, 1936, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
34. Florentino M Garcia Jr, End of Watch: 
November 10, 1989, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
35. Ben Eddie Gerhart, End of Watch: June 
26, 1968, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
36. G Q Gonzalez, End of Watch: February 
28, 1960, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
37. Charles R Gougenheim, End of Watch: 
April 30, 1955, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
38. Carl Greene, End of Watch: March 14, 
1928, Houston, Texas, P.D. 39. Leon Griggs, End of Watch: January 31, 
1970, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
40. Maria Michelle Groves, End of Watch: 
April 10, 1987, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
41. Gary Allen Gryder, End of Watch: June 
29, 2008, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
42. Antonio Guzman JF, End of Watch: 
January 9, 1973, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
43. Howard B Hammond, End of Watch: Au-
gust 18, 1946, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
44. James Donald Harris, End of Watch: 
July 13, 1982, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
45. David Michael Healy, End of Watch: No-
vember 12, 1994, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
46. Timothy A Hearn, End of Watch: June 
8, 1978, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
47. Oscar Hope, End of Watch: June 22, 1929, 
Houston, Texas, P.D. 
48. Elston M Howard, End of Watch: July 
20, 1988, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
49. David Huerta, End of Watch: September 
19, 1973, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
50. James Bruce Irby, End of Watch: June 
27, 1990, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
51. Bobby L James, End of Watch: June 26, 
1968, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
52. John C James, End of Watch: December 
12, 1901, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
53. Rodney Joseph Johnson, End of Watch: 
September 21, 2006, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
54. Ed Jones, End of Watch: September 13, 
1929, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
55. P P Jones, End of Watch: January 30, 
1927, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
56. Frank L Kellogg, End of Watch: Novem-
ber 30, 1955, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
57. S A Buster Kent, End of Watch: Janu-
ary 12, 1954, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
58. James F Kilty, End of Watch: April 8, 
1976, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
59. Kent Dean Kincaid, End of Watch: May 
23, 1998, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
60. Louis R Kuba, End of Watch: May 17, 
1967, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
61. J D Landry, End of Watch: December 3, 
1930, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
62. Robert Wayne Lee, End of Watch: Janu-
ary 31, 1971, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
63. Fred Maddox Jr, End of Watch: Feb-
ruary 24, 1954, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
64. Eydelmen Mani, End of Watch: May 19, 
2010, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
65. A P Marshall, End of Watch: November 
8 1937, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
66. Charles R Mcdaniel, End of Watch: Au-
gust 4, 1963, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
67. E G Meinke, End of Watch: August 23, 
1917, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
68. Harry Mereness, End of Watch: October 
18, 1933, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
69. Noel R Miller, End of Watch: June 6, 
1958, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the concurrent reso-lution, H. Con. Res. 25. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL 
PROTECTION ADVISORY BOARDS ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous materials on the 
bill, H.R. 1195, to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to es-tablish advisory boards, and for other purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
P
ITTENGER ). Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 200 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1195. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) to pre-
side over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1637 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1195) to amend the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes, with Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
N
EUGEBAUER ) and the gentlewoman 
from California (Ms. M AXINE WATERS ) 
each will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Chairman, 
today the House considers H.R. 1195, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Pro-tection Advisory Boards Act. This bill is essential to provide small businesses a voice in the regulatory process and to help ensure community banks and credit unions continue to have a voice at the CFPB going forward. 
Small businesses are the backbone of 
our economy, yet our regulatory sys-tem silences these hard-working Amer-icans. Regulations meant for large cor-porations trickle down and have dis-proportionate impacts on Main Street businesses. We must remember that these businesses are, by and large, owned and operated by our neighbors and friends. They represent a life’s work and a vision of the American Dream. 
The CFPB was created to protect 
consumers in the financial market-place, and it would seem impossible to responsibly undertake this endeavor of protecting the American consumer without consulting institutions that are most closely associated with the American consumer: small businesses and community financial institutions. 
H.R. 1195 is a straightforward and bi-
partisan piece of legislation. It would amend the Dodd-Frank Act to create a small business advisory board to advise the CFPB. This bill would also codify two other advisory committees created by Director Cordray: the Credit Union Advisory Council and the Community Bank Advisory Council. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.015 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2336 April 21, 2015 
Under H.R. 1195, each board or coun-
cil would advise the CFPB regarding concerns of its established member-ship. The Director of the CFPB would be required to appoint at least 15, but not more than 20, members to each board or council. 
This bill is publicly supported by the 
following organizations: the Credit Union National Association, the Na-tional Association of Federal Credit Unions, the Texas Land Title Associa-tion, the American Land Title Associa-tion, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Independent Community Bankers of America. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a truly a com-
monsense and bipartisan bill. Last Con-gress, an identical piece of legislation passed the House by voice vote. This Congress, H.R. 1195 passed out of the committee by a vote of 53–5. The rank-ing member, who is with us today, has voted for this bill two times, yet we find ourselves here today debating the merits of providing a voice for small businesses and community financial in-stitutions. 
This week, former Secretary of State 
Hillary Clinton was questioned about the health of American businesses. She said she was ‘‘surprised’’ to learn that small businesses were struggling. 
Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1195 is just one 
small and commonsense step to pro-viding a voice for our small businesses and community financial institutions in the regulatory process. It helps en-sure that politicians and Washington bureaucrats aren’t surprised to learn of the plight and struggles of these Main Street pillars. It gives these hard- working Americans a voice and a seat at the table. 
Now, Democrats are going to say 
that our disagreement is with how the bill is paid for. Well, let me address that for a minute. 
House rules require that any increase 
in mandatory spending be offset with a reduction in mandatory spending else-where. The CBO says H.R. 1195 will cost $9 million, in total, over the next 10 years. Republicans simply reduced the maximum amount that the CFPB can draw from the Fed over the same 10- year period to offset this cost. 
To put this into perspective, the 
CFPB, by statute, can draw approxi-mately $6.7 billion over the next 10 years. This offset that we are debating today amounts to 0.1 percent of this amount. If Democrats really want to claim that a 0.1 percent reduction in the $6.7 billion that CFPB can spend over the next decade really threatens the Bureau’s mission, perhaps it is time to examine the Bureau’s current spending practices. I am quite con-fident that we can debate spending problems at the CFPB for the rest of the afternoon, should we need to. 
Just to reiterate, H.R. 1195 will not 
cut spending on consumer protection. Let me repeat that. Just to reiterate, H.R. 1195 will not cut spending on con-sumer protection. It will provide a voice for small businesses. Let’s help our small businesses suc-
ceed. Let’s help Main Street prosper, and let’s vote today to move H.R. 1195 forward. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I want the Members of 
the House to pay very close attention to this bill today because this bill rep-resents tricks and games in ways that people don’t often understand. But this is a prime example of how you take a good idea and mess it up. So I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1195, a measure that is, again, a shining exam-ple of how far Republicans will go to squander compromise, consensus, and good faith to advance an ideological anticonsumer agenda. 
The bill before us today is just the 
latest instance of Financial Services Committee Republicans snatching de-feat from the jaws of victory. 
b1645 
It makes clear their commitment to 
do all they can to undercut the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau. Let me say that again. They have spent so much time—amendment after amendment, attempt after attempt—to try and gut and dismantle the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, and they have gone so far with this bill to undermine our efforts to be of as-sistance to small businesses and in-clude them in a stronger advisory way to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau because they hate the Bureau so much. 
Well, again, they do all they can to 
undercut this Bureau, an agency with an extraordinary record of success pro-tecting consumers, reining in bad ac-tors, and ensuring that we do not re-turn to the predatory practices that put this Nation on the verge of eco-nomic collapse less than 10 years ago. 
Mr. Chairman, as originally written, 
H.R. 1195 was a good and decent meas-ure offered by my colleague, Mr. H
ECK 
from Washington State, and, again, I applaud him for his leadership. The straightforward proposal offered by Mr. H
ECKwould codify two of the advisory 
boards that the CFPB voluntarily cre-ated related to community banks and credit unions, while also creating a new small business advisory board for small businesses. Along with many other requirements of the Bureau, these boards create additional avenues for input from the entities that they have been given the power to regulate under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form Act. 
So here is what we are talking about. 
The Bureau itself had created a number of advisory committees. Mr. H
ECKsaw 
room for strengthening the ability of small businesses to have an advisory role, and so he created this bill. But, because, again, my friends on the oppo-site side of the aisle, the Republicans, hate the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau so much, they decided that 
they were going to play tricks and games and create an opportunity to re-duce the funding so they could try and limit the Bureau’s ability to do its work by adding all of these amend-ments. I am going to point out the tricks of these amendments as we go along here today. 
So in a rare show of bipartisanship, 
the Financial Services Committee passed H.R. 1195 by a vote of 53–5. Many of my Democratic colleagues supported the proposal, just as we have supported the many efforts of the CFPB to be re-sponsive to the unique needs of small businesses, community banks, and credit unions. But, as usual, that bipar-tisanship was short-lived, as Chairman H
ENSARLING added an amendment de-
signed to pay for this measure by un-dermining the CFPB’s authority and independent funding. 
I find it ironic that this House has 
determined now is the time to offset the cost of legislation. Don’t forget, we have the pay-for kings and queens on that side of the aisle. They said, they worked for, and they made a big issue that everything must be paid for, ex-cept when they decide to try and slip something in that they don’t pay for. And they have done that on this floor with some of these bills that we will be talking about. 
But with this bill, they decided a new 
kind of trick; and that is, let’s find a way to take it from the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau because not only will this pay for it, but this will reduce their ability to do their job pay-ing for other things. 
Just last week, the House majority 
voted to repeal the estate tax without paying for it at a staggering cost of $269 billion. At a time when far too many Americans are struggling with stagnant wages and historic income in-equality, my Republican counterparts seem all too willing to add to the Na-tion’s deficit in order to pass give-aways for the richest 0.2 percent of Americans. 
Yet when it comes to a reasonable 
bill to enhance the voice of small busi-nesses, community banks, and credit unions, which they claim to care so much about, the Republicans insist that the only way to pass the legisla-tion is by cutting the CFPB—an agen-cy that 84 percent of small-business owners support, according to polling from the small-business majority. 
The truth of the matter is that, after 
several years of attempting to cap CFPB funding, the Republicans have chosen to transform Mr. H
ECK’s bill 
into a vehicle to make drastic cuts to the CFPB’s budget. 
While my colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle will claim otherwise, the CFPB itself estimates Chairman H
ENSARLING ’s poison pill amendment 
will cut its budget by about $45 million over the next 5 years and by $100 mil-lion over the next 10 years, capping it substantially less than the amount that they are currently able to request. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.028 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2337 April 21, 2015 
That means this vote is one to weaken 
an agency with the explicit mission of standing up for consumers and tax-payers who have been subject to the de-ceptive practices of unscrupulous cor-porations. 
The chairman’s amendment guaran-
tees that this otherwise bipartisan pro-posal will never become law, garnering significant opposition in the Senate and a veto threat from the Obama ad-ministration, who said this measure was ‘‘solely intended to impede the CFPB’s ability to carry out its mission of protecting consumers in the finan-cial markets,’’ and further, they said, ‘‘could result in, among other things, undermining critical protections for families from abusive and predatory fi-nancial products.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, Republicans could 
have chosen any number of offsets to account for the cost of this proposal or, as they have done so many times be-fore, waive their CutGo rules. Make no mistake about the intent of the Hen-sarling amendment. It is designed to back Democrats into a corner by at-taching an unacceptable provision cut-ting CFPB’s budget to a proposal that Democrats supported in committee. 
The important work of the CFPB will 
not be undermined on our watch, and this backdoor attempt to cut its budg-et sets a dangerous precedent of using bipartisan bills as a way to sneak through measures that undermine the Bureau’s independence and its ability to protect consumers. 
Mr. Chairman, we don’t understand 
on this side of the aisle why it is that our Republican friends hate the CFPB so much and have done so much to un-dermine them, to undercut them, and to try to reduce their funding. They know as well as we know that prior to the establishment of the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau that we put into Dodd-Frank’s reforms, consumers had no protections in the Government of the United States of America. Our regulatory agencies were not doing their jobs. 
They say they were focused on safety 
and soundness. But who was working for the consumers? Nobody. 
And so now we have a Bureau work-
ing for the consumers that is doing a wonderful job. And here we have every attempt that you can dream of, every scheme that you can think of, being levied by our friends on the opposite side of the aisle because they want to kill the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau. As I have said, this is not going to happen on our watch. They can try any trick that they want. We are on to it. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
would just remind the ranking member that the Republicans, during the Rules Committee hearing, asked if they had a pay-for that they would like to offer in substitute for that, and they chose not to. So I think what we are hearing is that the minority is choosing to say that small businesses in this country 
aren’t worth $9 million. And what $9 million is is, in 3 minutes, that will be the increase in our national debt in this country. So Republicans do take our deficit seriously, and we take the rules of this House seriously because the rules of the House require that when you have an increase in manda-tory spending, you have to have an off-set for that. What Republicans were trying to do is follow the rules of the House. 
It is now my pleasure, Mr. Chairman, 
to yield as much time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), one of the 
primary sponsors of this legislation. 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I do 
rise today in support of H.R. 1195, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion Advisory Boards Act. The Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau continues to issue regulations designed for massive, systemic-risk financial in-stitutions without considering how those same rules harm small busi-nesses, community banks, and credit unions. 
That is why my good friend and col-
league, Congressman D
ENNY HECK, 
joined with me to establish a small business advisory board within the CFPB. The goal is simple: to advise and consult with the CFPB on how any pro-posed regulations would impact the small-business community. Members of the small business advisory board must represent a small business dealing with financial services products. The legis-lation also encourages the CFPB Direc-tor to ensure participation of women- and minority-owned small businesses when appointing members to the board. 
H.R. 1195 also makes permanent the 
Credit Union Advisory Council and the Community Bank Advisory Council, both of which are currently voluntary and can be eliminated at any time at the discretion of the CFPB Director. 
Credit unions and community banks 
are struggling under enormous compli-ance burdens designed for too-big-to- fail banks. They are hiring compliance officers instead of loan officers, mean-ing less access to capital for small businesses to grow and to create jobs. 
Clear and open communication be-
tween the CFPB, small businesses, community banks, and credit unions will improve rulemaking and lead to better outcomes for consumers. 
H.R. 1195 is supported by the Credit 
Union National Association, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the American Land Title Association, and the inde-pendent community bankers associa-tion. This legislation also enjoys strong bipartisan support, having passed out of the Financial Services Committee by a vote of 53–5. 
Allow me a moment to address the 
concern that was raised by the ranking member and other Democrat col-leagues in their objection to how we propose to pay for the advisory boards. The CBO estimates this legislation will cost taxpayers $9 million over a 10-year period. In those same years, the CFPB 
will have access to $6.7 billion in oper-ating funds. 
We propose making a very small re-
duction—just 0.1 percent—in the amount the CFPB is allowed to draw, which will pay for the advisory boards without additional cost to taxpayers. If the CFPB can’t find $9 million in sav-ings over 10 years out of a total poten-tial draw of $6.7 billion, then they need another advisory board of small-busi-ness owners who will travel to D.C. and teach the CFPB how to budget. 
Mr. Chairman, our economy is grow-
ing today at a tepid pace of 2.2 percent. We have in reality about 12 percent un-employment when you consider the un-deremployed and when you consider those who have given up. Small banks and other lending institutions are under enormous compliance restric-tions and guidelines, the same as the major banks. They need a voice at the table. We need opportunity. We need people to be able to expand their busi-nesses, and yet they can’t get capital through these small banking lending institutions. 
That is what this bill is all about. It 
is all about jobs. It is all about families and people’s lives and their futures. 
The CFPB is supposed to be focused 
on protecting consumers, not pro-tecting bureaucratic fiefdoms and perks. Our commonsense, bipartisan legislation helps focus the CFPB on 
their sole, core mission of benefiting consumers. 
Small businesses create jobs. Bureau-
crats create rules. Please join me in supporting H.R. 1195 so that heavy-handed D.C. regulators are forced to take time to consider how their bur-densome and unnecessary regulations negatively impact small business and make necessary adjustments to protect consumers while allowing small busi-nesses, credit unions, and community banks to help grow the economy and create good-paying jobs. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support this bill. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK). He is the next gentleman that 
you are going to hear from this side of the aisle. He is the author of the legis-lation that certainly would have given small businesses a seat at the table of the CFPB. He worked very hard on this bill, and he is one of those persons on our committee who reaches across the aisle all the time on bipartisan efforts. 
b1700 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chair-
man, in a gesture of reaching across the aisle, let us be clear that prior to this bill’s arrival at the Rules Com-mittee, it was Mr. P
ITTENGER and my-
self who worked in a collaborative and in a bipartisan way, hard for nearly the last 2 years, to get it to this point where we might have an opportunity to vote upon it. 
I cannot exaggerate to you how sad-
dened I am, how much I regret, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.029 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2338 April 21, 2015 
how surreal I find it that I stand here 
now and ask my colleagues to please vote ‘‘no’’ against my bill, oppose the bill that I have worked so hard on for nearly 2 years. 
Its content, prior to its arrival in 
Rules, had been laid out commonsensically: codify the Credit Union Advisory Council; codify the Small Community Bank Advisory Council; and create a nonbank advisory board for the appraisers, the title in-surers, the real estate agents, escrow company, all people that the Bureau regulates and with whom they should have an iterative conversation going with respect to the proposed regula-tions. 
It wasn’t easy getting here even be-
fore Rules. There was a lot of back and forth, a lot of compromising along the way. We had to allay fears from the consumer groups that this was a Tro-jan horse. We accepted amendments; we broadened the bill; we did a lot of things together, but with a collabo-rative spirit and the support of the ranking member, we did pass the bill out of committee 53–5, and then a torch was put to it. A torch was put to it. 
As has been described, the bill now 
includes a so-called pay-for amendment to lower the cap of available funds to CFPB by $45 million by the year 2020 and $100 million by the year 2025. It is bad policy; it is bad precedent, and it is completely unnecessary. 
The amendment was inserted under 
color of being a pay-for. Well, I have got a couple problems with that. The first is obvious. CBO projection is $9 million. We are talking about a cap that cost $45 million and $100 million. It is a multiple of it—or $75 million to $100 million by last count. 
The second, of course, is the fact 
about how the rule is applied, which has been heralded here, and, in fact, genuflected as an important rule to provide for pay-fors when there are ex-penditures caused by proposed legisla-tion. 
The motivation is, frankly, inscru-
table to me. I honestly don’t know how you do it with a straight face. Lit-erally, a matter of hours ago, voting for $300 billion, with a ‘‘b,’’ with no PAYGO or pay-for and to stand up here and say, Well, we absolutely have to have a pay-for for $9 million over 10 years, but $300 billion was okay, I say sincerely: I don’t know how you do that with a straight face. 
Frankly, there is so much about this 
that I find surreal. Much in the debate was about questioned architectural practices by the agency. The truth of the matter is GSA took over construc-tion, what, 2-plus years ago? If that is the issue, write an amendment to the GSA budget; don’t punish CFPB. 
It has been argued that this funding 
is unique; therefore, it has to be cur-tailed, unrelated to the underlying pur-pose of the bill. Maybe that is true. 
Check the history. It was a Republican who wanted it funded by the Fed—Mr. S
HELBY , I believe. That may be unique 
in that way. It has been suggested CFPB is non-
budgeted—again, unrelated to the un-derlying purpose of the bill. Well, guess what, so is every other bank, regulator, agency in the Federal Government: the FDIC, the OCC, the Fed itself, FHFA, and NCUA. They are all nonbudgeted; but, no, let’s pick this one out of the pack and punish it. 
There is so much about this that is 
surreal to me. I believe that there is a bit of a trial under way here today, and we are laying a marker down on April 21 on whether or not we are actually going to be able to function in a bipar-tisan way. We did. It took hard work, 18-plus months with Mr. P
ITTENGER , 53– 
5 in committee; and now, as I say, we are putting a torch to it. 
We are going to decide. This is a test. 
Are we going to use the CFPB as a piggybank to pay for all other manner of agendas? Are we going to ask them to swallow this poison pill in the goal of getting a bipartisan bill passed? 
It is a test of whether or not we are 
going to do that. It is an experiment to see how radically—and it is radical—we can change bills and still keep ‘‘yes’’ votes in the name of consistency, al-though there is certainly no consist-ency between the pay-fors provided in this proposed legislation and that for legislation that passed last week. 
By the way, in addition to the estate 
tax and the sales and use tax totalling over $300 billion, we did two CFPB bills last week, too. Nobody offered pay-fors on those, so it isn’t consistent. 
This is surreal, standing here, asking 
you to oppose the bill that I have worked so hard on with Mr. P
ITTENGER . 
It is surreal. I am reminded of my fa-vorite passage in ‘‘Through the Look-ing Glass.’’ 
If I had a world of my own, everything 
would be nonsense. Nothing would be what it 
is because everything would be what it isn’t. And contrariwise, what is, it wouldn’t be. And what it wouldn’t be, it would. You see? 
This is surreal; but I say my strong-
est assertion that what is the most sad about this—and I have said this in Rules, and I am going to say it now— you know, you know you are killing this bill. 
You are killing it and evidently don’t 
care, 18 months of hard work out the window to do something good and worthwhile, but you know you are kill-ing the bill. You know you are killing it because you are not passing here veto-proof; and the administration has, as the ranking member suggested, al-ready issued the Statement of Admin-istration Policy. 
I will go one further. This bill will 
never see the light of day in the United States Senate. You are killing the bill that we worked on for 2 years to help nonbank businesses have a better structured institutionalized relation-ship, which is as it should be, and you are doing it by inconsistently applying a House rule for which you grant waiv-ers left and right when you were of a mind. 
This is good legislation. My friend 
from North Carolina has worked hard. Frankly—and I will say it—he deserves 
better than this. This bill deserves bet-ter than this. The businesses that are regulated by CFPB deserve better than this, than to kill this bill, which is what you are assuredly doing. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on my bill. The CHAIR. The Chair reminds Mem-
bers to direct their remarks to the Chair. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 1 minute. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s com-
ments. I just want to remind him that the GSA only took over the manage-
ment of the project, not the budget, so GSA doesn’t have control over this en-tity’s budget. 
I think the thing that is troubling to 
me is my colleagues are talking about a drastic cut. You have got an entity that can draw $6.7 billion over a 10-year period, and $7 million is a drastic cut. 
Basically, the CBO says that this bill 
now is revenue neutral, and these num-bers that are coming of $45 million, those are CFPB’s numbers, but these are the nonpartisan CBO numbers. 
I think one of the things we have to 
do is we have to deal in the facts and reality here, and this is a very small amount of money. 
At this time, Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD). 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the chairman for yielding the time. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-
port of the Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection Advisory Boards Act. 
I want to thank my friend from 
North Carolina for his work, and I want to thank my friend from Washington for his work as well on what really should be a bipartisan bill. Honestly, I think the American public, Mr. Chair-man, will take a look at what is hap-pening here on the floor and are going to be baffled by it as well. 
As a small-business owner, let me 
just tell you, Mr. Chairman, there are nearly 29 million small businesses in our Nation; 99 percent of all employer firms in the United States are consid-ered small businesses; over 56 million Americans work in these small busi-nesses; and two-thirds of all net new jobs. 
Last I checked, the labor force par-
ticipation rate is near a three-decade low, so the net new jobs that we are looking for are created by small busi-ness. Two-thirds are created by small business. 
This is a bill that would basically say 
to the CFPB: we want you to have a small business advisory board. 
With all of the businesses that are 
out there, the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau, an agency in Wash-ington that sets the rules and regula-tions with far-reaching impacts into our economy, completely fails to en-sure that small businesses have a per-manent seat at the table when the CFPB is making decisions, making de-cisions that impact the lives of mil-lions of Americans and businesses across the land. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.031 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2339 April 21, 2015 
This is a commonsense piece of legis-
lation. If we are going to talk about small businesses, my goodness, please, let’s talk about having small business representation at the table. 
Mr. Chairman, there are a lot of deci-
sions that get made in this Chamber. There are a lot of decisions that get made in Washington. I have to tell you, one of the things that I try to do is I try to surround myself with people that it impacts. 
If we are going to talk about health 
care, I try to surround myself with physicians and patients and nurses, to try to get their input in terms of how this bill or how a bill that comes to the floor would impact them. Surround yourself with people that might know more about a topic than you do; edu-cate yourself. 
The fact that the CFPB doesn’t al-
ready have a small business advisory board or small business voice at the table is unacceptable—unacceptable in today’s day and age. 
This is something that we need to 
support. Frankly, I want it to be a bi-partisan bill. I think the underlying substance of it is bipartisan, and only at the last minute are we talking about not making this a bipartisan bill over the pay-for. 
Mr. Chairman, I want you to think 
about this for a second as a business that gets regulated time and again. They don’t come with a pay-for there. Basically, they say: this is what we need you to do, and you find a way to pay for it. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. DOLD. This body is, in essence, 
saying to the CFPB, Mr. Chairman, to the CFPB and Director Cordray, we are saying: please get small business input into what you are thinking. 
In order to do that, the dollars that 
are out there, Mr. Chairman, are talk-ing about trying to fly people in, small businesses in. That is where the dollars are coming from. 
We think the CBO has scored this at 
about $9 million out of nearly a $7 bil-lion budget over 10 years. Surely, this can’t be the thing that is killing the bill. There has got to be something big-ger that is killing the bill because, frankly, the American public, Mr. Chairman, are going to roll their eyes and say: you have got to be kidding me. 
We are going to disregard small busi-
nesses from being able to come in and weigh in on something that is going to drastically impact the economy be-cause they don’t want to take what could potentially be $9 million in air-fare and other things to try to make sure they can get the small business advisory board to come to Washington. 
If we find that there is a problem, I 
will be the first one to reach across the aisle to say we need to fix this. This is a problem that we need to solve, and I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill to get 
small businesses engaged. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I first need to remind the gentleman from Illinois that Mr. H
ECKworked hard to put small busi-
ness advisory at the table and to codify the other businesses that the CFPB had already put at the table. They snatched it right away from the table. They took away small business. 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman 
from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ), who is 
the cochair of the Progressive Caucus and a member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. 
b1715 
Mr. ELLISON. I would like to thank 
the gentlewoman for the time. 
Mr. Chairman, I will just remind my 
colleagues that, yes, the bill was bipar-tisan, but the amendment was not. The amendment, which was rigidly par-tisan, is what has put this good idea in a space of being very partisan on this House floor. 
You would have thought that after 
the hard work that Mr. H
ECKhad put 
into this bill that maybe somebody would have listened to him and would have said, ‘‘Mr. H
ECK, you have put 
your time in on this bill. We are not going to do this to your bill. We are going to stick with that bipartisanship that we had all along,’’ but that kind of consideration has gone missing in this place. 
The truth is, Mr. Chairman, that the 
Republican leadership has brought us another bill in a long series of bills to 
weaken the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau, and no small-business person who is listening to this debate should be bamboozled, tricked, or led astray in believing that the rhetoric on this floor is about helping them. The fact is that a lot of small-business peo-ple are protected by predatory lenders that the CFPB stops. A lot of small- business people open their businesses with a credit card. They rely on the CFPB to keep the predation away from them. They, in fact, are the bene-ficiaries of the work of the CFPB’s. 
All of these bills to attack the CFPB 
harm the American people. These bills make it easier to steer customers into costly loans that strip their wealth and limit their economic mobility. These bills divert CFPB resources from pro-tecting consumers to costly, unneces-sary, bureaucratic activities. 
Last week, we had a bill to repeal the 
CFPB rules that protect buyers of manufactured homes from what had been before Dodd-Frank a predatory market. Enough Democrats voted ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 650 to sustain the President’s veto. That is a good thing. We should not remove consumer protections for high-cost loans that are targeted at buyers of manufactured homes. Also last week, the GOP brought another bill which would weaken the CFPB pro-tections against controlled business ar-rangements in real estate transactions. 
Today, the Republican majority con-
siders what is a good idea. H.R. 1195 would require the CFPB to establish a 
small business advisory council. It is a pretty fair idea. You could argue that it is already there, but if you don’t be-lieve it is, it is not at all a highly ob-jectionable bill. In fact, it has merit. What is wrong with a little bit more input from small business? That is a good thing. The fact of the matter is that it is a Trojan horse that is being used to attack the CFPB all over again. 
My question is this: Why would you 
want to destroy an organization that has identified $5.3 billion, which is the approximate amount of relief to con-sumers ordered by the CFPB enforce-ment actions? It is $5.3 billion that hard-working Americans have saved from predatory lenders. Why in the world, unless you favor predation in fi-nancial markets, would you be against the CFPB? There are 15 million con-sumers who receive relief because of the CFPB, and I hope they let their voices be heard all across the United 
States against these people who relent-lessly try to rip down the CFPB. $208 million is the amount of money that has been ordered to be paid in civil pen-alties as a result of CFPB’s enforce-ment actions against people who do not help the market but who distort the market. 
The CFPB helps business because 
good, honest, decent businesses—and America is full of them, the ones that play by the rules—get harmed when a cheater goes without being punished. When a business that cuts corners and abuses consumers does not get elimi-nated from the market or punished be-cause of its bad behavior, it means that playing by the rules is no longer profit-able or the thing to do. The CFPB makes the market work as it should. 
There were 145 banks and credit 
unions under the CFPB’s supervisory authority as of June 2014. That is a good thing. There are 30 million con-sumers with debts in collection, and larger debt collection companies are now under Federal supervision for the first time because of the CFPB. The CFPB is a good institution. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this Trojan horse bill. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 1 minute. 
I am delighted to hear that my col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle are concerned about $9 million. I wish they had been as concerned when we had hearings and we found out that the CFPB is going to spend $216 million on the luxury renovations of a building that they do not own and when we found out that the taxpayers are also going to get to fund a two-story water-fall that falls into sunken gardens and that has a four-story glass staircase. How about the spending of $14 million on marketing and advertising? How about the $61.3 million they spent on management consulting fees? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.032 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2340 April 21, 2015 
It should be an affront to small busi-
nesses around the country that an or-ganization that can’t control its spend-ing is being asked not to spend an addi-tional $9 million so that small busi-nesses can have a voice at the table. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. Thank you, Mr. 
Chairman. 
Mr. Chairman, really what we are 
talking about are the merits of enti-tling this enormous agency, the largest in the history of this country, the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, to be accountable to nobody, not to be ac-countable to the executive branch and not to be accountable to the Congress. They are able to do whatever they want to do. They make all of their own rules. They determine the winners, and they determine the losers. They have zero accountability. 
Let’s discuss their funding of $6.7 bil-
lion over a 10-year period. Yes, what we are talking about is an offset to pay for an advisory board to protect small business—$9 million. That is 0.1 per-cent. Let’s look at the priorities then of the CFPB’s. 
Truly, would any of us lease a build-
ing, not own it, and spend $260 million on renovations? That is more per square foot than of any luxury hotel in Las Vegas. 
Yes, how about a two-story waterfall 
into a sunken garden? How magnifi-cent. Is that more important than an advisory board that is for small busi-ness to ensure that we can create jobs? 
How about a green roof and a four- 
story glass staircase? It costs millions. Is that more important than an advi-sory board for small business? 
How about a tree bosk and a timber 
porch—how lovely—so that employees can have a place of restful contempla-tion and meditation? Do bureaucrats really need a serene place to rest while they are on the job? Are they that con-cerned about their plight? 
My goodness. Here are struggling, 
hardworking, tax-paying Americans who are trying to build their busi-nesses, who are trying to find capital, who are looking to community banks that are under siege with burdensome regulations. It is the same as the major banks. This isn’t right. This makes no sense. This is not fair. We need to get priority where priority is due. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). She serves on the Financial 
Services Committee and is a strong supporter of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s. 
Ms. MOORE. Thank you so much, 
Madam Ranking Member. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
H.R. 1195 and not because I don’t think it is a wonderful idea that Mr. H
ECK 
has come up with, along with his col-league from the Republican side, for a small business advisory panel within the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. Prior to the Consumer Financial Pro-
tection Bureau, we had example, after example, after example of Wall Street’s preying on consumers and treating working class Americans just like an ATM in order to feather their bonuses; but here, today, we find yet another not so veiled attempt to defund the CFPB. 
I guess I could take the PAYGO rules 
a little bit more seriously if just last week we had not repealed the estate tax to the tune of $270 billion for the 6,000 wealthiest Americans. It is a tax from which only 6,000 people will ben-efit. I am certainly not looking for a pay-for. I am just pointing out the hy-pocrisy of the notion that we have got to offset this $9 million for the CFPB. As has been mentioned, the CFPB has returned $5.3 billion to more than 15 million consumers who have been harmed by financial fraud, and I think PAYGO is just more of a convenient excuse to cut the CFPB than an actual principle that we follow here. 
I urge my colleagues to stand up for 
American consumers. Oppose these at-tempts to attack the CFPB and to ex-pose our constituents to these emboldened financial fraud centers. Let’s reject H.R. 1195. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Chairman, 
may I inquire as to how much time is remaining on both sides. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Texas has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining, and 
the gentlewoman from California has 5 minutes remaining. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ). 
Ms. EDWARDS. I thank the ranking 
member for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I came to this floor 
opposed to this version of H.R. 1195, and as I have listened to the debate, I have become even more opposed to the legislation. Most fifth graders know a Trojan horse when they see one, and today’s legislation is, indeed, a Trojan horse. Let me tell you why. 
Once again, Republicans are trying 
to roll back and limit consumer protec-tions. Once again, they are attacking the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau by adding burdensome legislation that replicates what the Bureau is al-ready doing and by stripping funding from the CFPB in future years. Let’s remember that this was the agency that was created to prevent the very abusive practices that led to the 2008 fi-nancial crisis; yet here they go, pre-tending to help small businesses and community banks and credit unions but are gutting the agency that is re-sponsible for protecting consumers. 
Just 6 years ago, we saw the fallout 
of the financial crisis right in my dis-trict in Prince George’s County and in Baltimore City, where homeowners lost their homes. It was Black and Latino families who suffered the most in Prince George’s County and Baltimore City, and it is not over for us. Many of 
those homeowners were small-business owners, and they used their homes to leverage their businesses. They can’t do that anymore because they are still underwater and because the rules are still set against them. 
We are still in crisis, and we need a 
robust, unencumbered, unburdened Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to protect consumers, homeowners, and small businesses that are still strug-gling and are vulnerable. We need a ro-bust lifeline CFPB as our credit unions and community banks are struggling. They need real relief that is hidden be-hind this Trojan horse legislation. 
Many of my Republican colleagues 
have long opposed the CFPB, and they have long sought to dismantle it. This legislation is no different, and it needs to be defeated. If they want bipartisan legislation, we need to start all over again and do something that really is in the interest of consumers. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Chairman, 
we have no further speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I think that we have done a very 
good job on this side of the aisle of ex-posing what is happening on the oppo-site side of the aisle as simply an at-tempt to try and gut and demean the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. 
b1730 
Let me just deal with this argument 
that they made about the cost of ren-ovation for the CFPB. 
Bloomberg Businessweek, in an arti-
cle, entitled, ‘‘Republican Attacks on a CFPB Office Renovation Don’t Add Up,’’ found that Republicans took lib-erties with their math. Using data from a report prepared by the CFPB’s inspector general, Bloomberg found that renovation would only cost $421 per square foot, if you inflate the price by including rental of temporary space and paying for movers, compared to the GOP claim of $590. Actual construc-tion costs are only $283 per square foot, half of what the Republicans claim. 
However, and I think this is very in-
teresting, there is one very expensive renovation happening in Washington, D.C., right now. It is the Cannon House Office Building, which houses Members and committees of the House of Rep-resentatives. All end costs for the ren-ovation of the Cannon Building ap-proved by Speaker B
OEHNER will be $753 
million, or $911 per square foot, much pricier than the Bellagio or the Burj Khalifa. If we want to talk about what is high cost, take a look at ourselves right here in Congress for what we are doing. 
Having said that, I just wonder why 
the continued attempts on the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau. Maybe it is because somebody else is being protected. 
Let’s look at some of the work of the 
Bureau: a January 2015 settlement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.033 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2341 April 21, 2015 
against J.P. Morgan and Wells Fargo 
for $35.7 million after uncovering a scheme where loan officers illegally re-ferred customers to affiliated busi-nesses in exchange for cash and mar-keting services. 
Look at a July 2014 settlement 
against Rome Finance for $92 million for a predatory lending scheme that targeted servicemembers by hiding fi-nance charges, withholding informa-tion from billing statements, and en-gaging in illegal debt collection prac-tices. 
Another settlement from July 2014 
against payday lender ACE Cash Ex-press for $10 million for intentionally trapping consumers in a cycle of debt, a practice formalized in their employee training materials, as well as illegal debt collection practices, including harassment. 
I could go on and on and on how the 
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has taken on some of the biggest cor-porations, the biggest businesses in this country to protect consumers. What is it you are afraid of? What is it you are worried about? Why are you trying to kill the agency that is pro-tecting consumers rather than ap-plauding them for making sure that the consumers don’t continue to be taken advantage of the way they were prior to 2008 when we didn’t have any consumer protection? I ask you to question yourselves about why you hate the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau so much. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
I have read H.R. 1195. Let me tell you 
what it doesn’t do first. 
It doesn’t shut down the CFPB. It 
doesn’t keep the Bureau from carrying out its mission of consumer protec-tion—so all of those things that the other side has been saying that the CFPB has been doing in a positive way, they can continue to do that—nor will the employees of CFPB have to take a pay cut, nor will the construction project and the other consulting fees that they keep passing out be impacted in any way. 
So the charge on the other side that 
somehow Republicans are trying to kill CFPB, I think you need to go back and read the bill. The bill doesn’t say any-thing about killing the CFPB. 
What does H.R. 1195 do? It provides a 
voice for small businesses in this coun-try, the number one job creators in America, the people that are day in and day out on the front line in our communities. It allows them to have a voice with an agency that has a huge impact on the future of this country. It also codifies and makes sure that com-munity banks and credit unions have a voice at the table in the future. 
One of the bill’s sponsors said he was 
sad. I am sad. I am sad that people today are on this floor arguing that paying for a program that will provide a voice for our small businesses is a point of contention, that somehow we are not acting in a bipartisan way. 
This is a bipartisan bill. It passed by voice vote in the last Congress. It passed overwhelmingly, I think 55–5, in the Committee on Financial Services just a week ago. 
I think we have to focus on what this 
bill does. This bill does make sure that small businesses have a voice moving forward. 
If we have a government that doesn’t 
listen to the people, then we do not have good government. So this bill is about good government. It is about saying to the American people: Hey, the bureaucrats may not have all the answers, so it is good to bring the peo-ple that have been out there that are running businesses that have some ex-pertise in those areas that this agency is trying to regulate and set precedence for, it is good for government to listen to the people. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I encourage my 
colleagues to pass and vote for H.R. 1195. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, as originally in-
troduced, H.R. 1195 was that rare piece of legislation with bipartisan support. It supported the simple proposition that the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau (CFPB) could ben-efit from the guidance of advisory councils comprised of representatives from small busi-nesses, credit unions, and community banks. 
As introduced, the legislation would have re-
quired the CFPB to hear from small business representatives regarding the impact of pro-posed rules on financial products used by con-sumers for family and household purposes. The bill also encouraged the CFPB to ensure the participation of credits unions and commu-nity banks that serve traditionally underserved communities. 
The CFPB—and all relevant government 
agencies—should continue to focus on ex-panding banking opportunities in underserved communities, which are too often subjected to the worst forms of predatory financial prac-tices. 
According to the Corporation for Enterprise 
Development, my hometown of Baltimore, Maryland, is one of the top ten unbanked large cities in the country—13.9 percent of residents have no checking or savings ac-count, and more than one in four residents is underbanked. Too many of these folks rely on alternative financial services like check-cash-ing stores, rent-to-own agreements, or pawn-shops. 
While Maryland has instituted a 33 percent 
usury cap and storefront payday lending oper-ations do not exist in the state, Maryland resi-dents with small-dollar credit needs have con-tinued to turn to on-line lenders—lenders that are too often perpetrating fraudulent and abu-sive practices. 
But this does not need to be the reality in 
Baltimore or any American city. 
According to the Urban Institute, the small- 
dollar credit market in the United States reached approximately $21.4 billion in 2012. Credit unions and community banks across the country have begun to tap into this market by experimenting with small-dollar, short-term loans that help consumers stretch their month-ly budgets or pay for emergency expenses without trapping them in a cycle of debt. The CFPB has taken a critical first step to-
ward reforming the small-dollar industry by re-leasing proposals for a potential rule that would require short-term lenders to either en-sure borrowers have the ability to repay their loans or to provide affordable repayment plans. This is why I was so disappointed by a recent amendment to H.R. 1195 from the Rules Committee that would pay for the new advisory councils the bill would create by cap-ping or reducing the CFPB budget by $45 mil-lion over five years and $100 million over ten years. 
In contrast, the Congressional Budget Office 
has estimated that the new councils would cost only $9 million over ten years—confirming that the new amendment is nothing more than an attempt to slash the CFPB budget. 
By transforming a simple bill into a major 
budget cut, this amendment is simply another in a series of continuing attacks on the work of the CFPB, which has provided $5.3 billion in relief to consumers since its creation. 
Just as the CFPB embarks on its latest ef-
fort to protect consumers from predatory and abusive practices, we simply cannot afford a weakened consumer protection agency. 
As amended, H.R. 1195 is not only a dis-
appointment—it’s an insult to the same under-served communities the bill would have helped the CFPB to better serve. I urge my col-leagues to reject this bill and its attempt to un-dercut protections for working American fami-lies. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
The amendment printed in part C of 
House Report 114–74 shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 1195 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bureau of 
Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF ADVISORY BOARDS 
WITHIN THE BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Consumer Financial 
Protection Act of 2010 is amended by insert-ing after section 1014 (12 U.S.C. 5494) the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1014A. ADVISORY BOARDS. 
‘‘(a) S MALL BUSINESS ADVISORY BOARD .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director shall 
establish a Small Business Advisory Board— 
‘‘(A) to advise and consult with the Bureau 
in the exercise of the Bureau’s functions under the Federal consumer financial laws applicable to eligible financial products or services; and 
‘‘(B) to provide information on emerging 
practices of small business concerns that provide eligible financial products or serv-ices, including regional trends, concerns, and other relevant information. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) N UMBER .—The Director shall appoint 
no fewer than 15 and no more than 20 mem-bers to the Small Business Advisory Board. 
‘‘(B) Q
UALIFICATION .—Members appointed 
pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be rep-resentatives of small business concerns that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.035 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2342 April 21, 2015 
‘‘(i) provide eligible financial products or 
services; 
‘‘(ii) are service providers to covered per-
sons; and 
‘‘(iii) use consumer financial products or 
services in financing the business activities of such concern. 
‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In ap-
pointing members pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Director is encouraged to ensure the participation of minority- and women-owned small business concerns and their interests, without regard to party affiliation. 
‘‘(3) M
EETINGS .—The Small Business Advi-
sory Board— 
‘‘(A) shall meet from time to time at the 
call of the Director; and 
‘‘(B) shall meet at least twice each year. 
‘‘(b) C REDIT UNION ADVISORY COUNCIL .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director shall 
establish a Credit Union Advisory Council to advise and consult with the Bureau on con-sumer financial products or services that im-pact credit unions. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Director shall ap-
point no fewer than 15 and no more than 20 members to the Credit Union Advisory Coun-cil. In appointing such members, the Direc-tor is encouraged to ensure the participation of credit unions predominantly serving tradi-tionally underserved communities and popu-lations and their interests, without regard to party affiliation. 
‘‘(3) M
EETINGS .—The Credit Union Advisory 
Council— 
‘‘(A) shall meet from time to time at the 
call of the Director; and 
‘‘(B) shall meet at least twice each year. 
‘‘(c) C OMMUNITY BANKADVISORY COUNCIL .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director shall 
establish a Community Bank Advisory Coun-cil to advise and consult with the Bureau on consumer financial products or services that impact community banks. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Director shall ap-
point no fewer than 15 and no more than 20 members to the Community Bank Advisory Council. In appointing such members, the Di-rector is encouraged to ensure the participa-tion of community banks predominantly serving traditionally underserved commu-nities and populations and their interests, without regard to party affiliation. 
‘‘(3) M
EETINGS .—The Community Bank Ad-
visory Council— 
‘‘(A) shall meet from time to time at the 
call of the Director; and 
‘‘(B) shall meet at least twice each year. 
‘‘(d) C OMPENSATION AND TRAVEL EX-
PENSES .—Members of the Small Business Ad-
visory Board, the Credit Union Advisory Council, or the Community Bank Advisory Council who are not full-time employees of the United States shall— 
‘‘(1) be entitled to receive compensation at 
a rate fixed by the Director while attending meetings of the Small Business Advisory Board, the Credit Union Advisory Council, or the Community Bank Advisory Council, in-cluding travel time; and 
‘‘(2) be allowed travel expenses, including 
transportation and subsistence, while away from their homes or regular places of busi-ness. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘eligible financial product or 
service’ means a financial product or service that is offered or provided for use by con-sumers primarily for personal, family, or household purposes as described in clause (i), (iii), (v), (vi), or (ix) of section 1002(15)(A); and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘small business concern’ has 
the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632).’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents in section 1 of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) is 
amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1014 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 1014A. Advisory Boards.’’. 
SECTION 3. BUREAU FUNDING AUTHORITY. 
The Director of the Bureau of Consumer 
Financial Protection, under section 1017 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, may not request— 
(1) during fiscal year 2020, an amount that 
would result in the total amount requested by the Director during that fiscal year to ex-ceed $655,000,000; and 
(2) during fiscal year 2025, an amount that 
would result in the total amount requested by the Director during that fiscal year to ex-ceed $720,000,000. 
The CHAIR. No further amendment 
to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part D of the report. Each such further amend-ment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in part D of House Report 114–74. 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk, amendment No. 1, and I offer that amendment at this time. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 4, beginning on line 19, strike ‘‘is en-
couraged to ensure the participation of’’ and insert ‘‘shall include members representing’’. 
Page 5, beginning on line 12, strike ‘‘is en-
couraged to ensure the participation of’’ and insert ‘‘shall include members representing’’. 
Page 6, beginning on line 6, strike ‘‘is en-
couraged to ensure the participation of’’ and insert ‘‘shall include members representing’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 200, the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Hampshire. 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Chair, my amend-
ment is straightforward. 
The underlying bill encourages but 
does not require the Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to include women-owned small busi-nesses and minority-owned small busi-nesses in the membership of the small business advisory board. The bill also encourages the Director to include fi-nancial institutions predominantly serving traditionally underserved com-munities in the membership of the Credit Union Advisory Council and the Community Bank Advisory Council. 
My amendment would simply change 
the underlying bill to make the inclu-sion of these groups a requirement, to ensure that a broad and diverse range of voices are included in these bodies. Federal regulators should listen to stakeholders when writing new rules for our economy, and this amendment 
will help ensure that these advisory boards are more representative of the American people. 
I urge support for my amendment, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to this amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Chairman, 
the underlying language in this bill was a bipartisan agreement that was worked out in the last Congress. When we were marking up this bill pre-viously, it was brought up that minor-ity representation would be important to this bill, and so the chairman of the committee, Mr. H
ENSARLING , actually 
stopped the deliberation there and worked in a bipartisan way across the aisle with Ms. W
ATERS to make sure 
that we put language in the bill that would encourage the Director to make sure that women and minorities’ busi-ness concerns on the small business ad-visory board were taken into consider-ation. 
We have addressed that, and we kept 
that language that was agreed to and, by the way, was passed by a voice vote. Mr. P
ITTENGER accepted that amend-
ment, and the bill reported out of the committee 53–5. So, basically, we have kept our word and kept in the spirit of the agreement that was negotiated in the previous Congress, and that lan-guage is in this underlying bill. 
I would encourage folks not to vote 
for this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Chair, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from New Hampshire will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 2 printed in part D of House Report 114–74. 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk, amendment No. 2. I offer that amendment at this time. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 4, line 20, strike ‘‘minority- and 
women-owned’’ and insert ‘‘minority-, women-, and veteran-owned’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 200, the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.011 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2343 April 21, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Hampshire. 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Chair, the under-
lying bill before us today authorizes a small business advisory board to advise the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau on small business concerns and practices. 
I agree that small businesses must 
have a seat at the table when Federal regulators make decisions with wide- ranging consequences for our economy, and I appreciate that this legislation already encourages the participation of women-owned and minority-owned small businesses on the board. Women and minority entrepreneurs often have unique perspectives and concerns, and the CFPB would be well served by seek-ing and heeding their input. 
Similarly, as a member of the Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, I believe that veteran entrepreneurs have unique perspectives and experiences in the economy, and I believe that the small business advisory board would be strengthened by the inclusion of vet-eran small-business owners. To that end, my amendment simply encourages the CFPB Director to also include vet-eran-owned small businesses in the membership of the small business advi-sory board. 
After fighting to protect the Amer-
ican Dream for all of us, many veterans have realized that same American Dream by starting their own business upon their return to civilian life. We owe it to our returning heroes to sup-port their success. 
I urge support for my amendment, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Madam Chair, I 
claim the time in opposition to this amendment, although I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. F
OXX). With-
out objection, the gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. I yield 4 minutes 
to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ). 
Mr. GUINTA. I would like to thank 
Chairman N EUGEBAUER for yielding me 
this time. 
Madam Chair, it is an honor to stand 
alongside my fellow Granite State col-league in support of her amendment. 
Our State of New Hampshire has one 
of the highest populations of veterans per capita in the United States. Be-cause of this, both the gentlelady from New Hampshire and myself understand the importance of working together to support our Nation’s veterans and vet-eran-owned businesses. There are hun-dreds of veteran-owned businesses just in New Hampshire alone, and we need to ensure that our commitment does not end with their term of commit-ment to our military. 
I thank the gentlelady from New 
Hampshire for her amendment. I urge my colleagues both on the committee and in the full House to support this amendment. I would encourage them to support H.R. 1195, despite the objec-tions of the 0.0015 percent in the pay- 
for that was earlier discussed. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Madam Chair, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume to say that we support this. It is a thoughtful amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1745 
Ms. KUSTER. Madam Chair, I yield 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ). 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Madam Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. 
I would like to thank the gentle-
woman from New Hampshire for offer-ing this measure, which will ensure that the concerns of our Nation’s vet-eran-owned businesses are represented on the small business advisory board this legislation creates. 
Madam Chairman, our Nation’s vet-
erans heroically put their lives on the line for this country. And when they come home and decide to start a small business, they are carrying forth that patriotic duty by taking another risk for the betterment of our Nation. 
Just as our Nation has a responsi-
bility to care for those who return from battle, we too have a duty to en-sure those who have served in our Armed Forces have a voice at the table, in whatever vocation they enter. 
Early on, the CFPB recognized the 
unique needs of servicemembers, vet-erans, and their families by creating an office targeted to address their needs. Likewise, small businesses owned by veterans comprise a subset of our Na-tion’s economic backbone that should not be ignored. This amendment en-sures that the CFPB is made aware of their views, perspectives, and interests in the same manner as all small-busi-ness owners. 
But Madam Chairman, while I sup-
port this amendment and believe in its goals, I remain strongly opposed to the underlying bill, which would impose cuts to the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau and would set a precedent that could ultimately lead to a time when the Nation’s leading consumer advocate is cash-strapped, under-funded, and financially unable to en-sure that the views of veteran business owners—or any other business owners— are appropriately taken into account. 
Ms. KUSTER. Madam Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Madam Chair, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. G
UINTA ) having assumed the chair, Ms. 
FOXX, Acting Chair of the Committee 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1195) to amend the Consumer Fi-
nancial Protection Act of 2010 to estab-lish advisory boards, and for other pur-poses, had come to no resolution there-on. 
f 
AGREEMENT FOR COOPERATION 
BETWEEN THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMER-ICA AND THE GOVERNMENT OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA CONCERNING PEACEFUL USES OF NUCLEAR ENERGY— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–28) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
I am pleased to transmit to the Con-
gress, pursuant to subsections 123 b. and 123 d. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended (42 U.S.C. 2153(b), (d)) (the ‘‘Act’’), the text of a proposed Agreement for Cooperation Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the People’s Republic of China Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy (the ‘‘Agreement’’). I am also pleased to transmit my written approval, author-ization, and determination concerning the Agreement, and an unclassified Nu-clear Proliferation Assessment State-ment (NPAS) concerning the Agree-ment. (In accordance with section 123 of the Act, as amended by Title XII of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Re-structuring Act of 1998 (Public Law 105– 277), two classified annexes to the NPAS, prepared by the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, summa-rizing relevant classified information, will be submitted to the Congress sepa-rately.) The joint memorandum sub-mitted to me by the Secretaries of State and Energy and a letter from the Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission stating the views of the Commission are also enclosed. An ad-dendum to the NPAS containing a comprehensive analysis of China’s ex-port control system with respect to nu-clear-related matters, including inter-
actions with other countries of pro-liferation concern and the actual or suspected nuclear, dual-use, or missile- related transfers to such countries, pursuant to section 102A(w) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(w)), is being submitted separately by the Director of National Intel-ligence. 
The proposed Agreement has been ne-
gotiated in accordance with the Act and other applicable law. In my judg-ment, it meets all applicable statutory requirements and will advance the non-proliferation and other foreign policy interests of the United States. 
The proposed Agreement provides a 
comprehensive framework for peaceful 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.040 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2344 April 21, 2015 
nuclear cooperation with China based 
on a mutual commitment to nuclear nonproliferation. It would permit the transfer of material, equipment (in-cluding reactors), components, infor-mation, and technology for nuclear re-search and nuclear power production. It does not permit transfers of any Re-stricted Data. Transfers of sensitive 
nuclear technology, sensitive nuclear facilities, and major critical compo-nents of such facilities may only occur if the Agreement is amended to cover such transfers. In the event of termi-nation, key nonproliferation conditions and controls continue with respect to material, equipment, and components subject to the Agreement. 
The proposed Agreement would obli-
gate the United States and China to work together to enhance their efforts to familiarize commercial entities in their respective countries about the re-quirements of the Agreement as well as national export controls and policies applicable to exports and imports sub-ject to the Agreement. It would have a term of 30 years from the date of its entry into force. Either party may ter-minate the proposed Agreement on at least 1 year’s written notice to the other party. 
Since the 1980s, China has become a 
party to several nonproliferation trea-ties and conventions and worked to bring its domestic export control au-thorities in line with international standards. China joined the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weap-ons in 1992 as a nuclear weapon state, brought into force an Additional Pro-tocol to its International Atomic En-ergy Agency safeguards agreement in 2002, and joined the Nuclear Suppliers Group in 2004. China is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which establishes international standards of physical protection for use, storage, and trans-port of nuclear material, and has rati-fied the 2005 Amendment to the Con-vention. A more detailed discussion of China’s civil nuclear program and its nuclear nonproliferation policies and practices, including its nuclear export policies and practices, is provided in the NPAS and in two classified annexes to the NPAS submitted to you sepa-rately. As noted above, the Director of National Intelligence will provide an addendum to the NPAS containing a comprehensive analysis of the export control system of China with respect to nuclear-related matters. 
I have considered the views and rec-
ommendations of the interested depart-ments and agencies in reviewing the proposed Agreement and have deter-mined that its performance will pro-mote, and will not constitute an unrea-sonable risk to, the common defense and security. Accordingly, I have ap-proved the proposed Agreement and au-thorized its execution and urge that the Congress give it favorable consider-ation. 
This transmission shall constitute a 
submittal for purposes of both sections 123 b. and 123 d. of the Act. My Admin-
istration is prepared to begin imme-diately the consultations with the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee as provided in section 123 b. Upon com-pletion of the 30 days of continuous session review provided for in section 123 b., the 60 days of continuous session review provided for in section 123 d. shall commence. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , April 21, 2015. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 51 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 
30 minutes p.m. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF CAPITOL 
GROUNDS FOR NATIONAL PEACE OFFICERS MEMORIAL SERVICE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 25) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Offi-cers Memorial Service and the Na-tional Honor Guard and Pipe Band Ex-hibition, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the concurrent reso-lution. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 410, nays 0, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 162] 
YEAS—410 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne 
Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins 
Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.018 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2345 April 21, 2015 
Speier 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner 
Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—21 
Barton Brady (TX) Butterfield DesJarlais Duffy Fincher Graves (MO) Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hastings Hurd (TX) Jackson Lee Neal Nolan Nugent Olson Ribble 
Rohrabacher Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1855 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
162 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 707 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name from H.R. 707. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
G
RAVES of Louisiana). Is there objec-
tion to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. 
f 
b1900 
HONORING ANNA ‘‘MICKEY’’ 
PETERS 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Re-
cently, the Pennsylvania State Univer-sity Agricultural Extension honored Anna ‘‘Mickey’’ Peters for her more than half century of volunteerism to Penn State Extension’s 4–H volunteer youth program. 
This was just the latest honor for 
Mickey, who, last year, was inducted into the National Association of Exten-sion 4–H Agents Hall of Fame. This honor was only granted to 14 individ-uals from across the Nation who best embodied the award motto: ‘‘Making the Best Better.’’ Mickey was the sole recipient from Pennsylvania. 
Since the early 1960s, this dairy farm 
wife and mother of four has been a mentor and a trainer, exhibiting out-standing citizenship and leadership. Mickey has been recognized through numerous awards, including the Na-
tional 4–H Salute to Excellence award, the President’s Volunteer Service Award, and the Centre County Council of Human Services Extension award. During her years with the Extension, Mickey has worked with over 500 mem-bers and has mentored over 30 4–H lead-ers. 
At age 83, Anna ‘‘Mickey’’ Peters 
continues to help us all understand that every person has the best within himself and that we all have the capac-ity to make the best better. 
f 
70TH ANNIVERSARY OF END OF 
WORLD WAR II 
(Mr. ISRAEL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, this year 
marks the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II. 
We are at a critical juncture in 
America’s rebalance to the Asia-Pa-cific region, and I really believe that further cooperation between the United States, Japan, and Korea will play a pivotal role towards peace and pros-perity throughout the world. 
Next week, Japanese Prime Minister 
Abe will make a historic visit to Cap-itol Hill as the first ever Japanese Prime Minister to deliver an address to a joint session of Congress. That ad-dress must be honest. That address has to address Japan’s wartime history. It has to honestly address Japan’s atroc-ities and enslavement of thousands of women who have been forced to work as sex slaves, or comfort women. 
To ignore past atrocities, Mr. Speak-
er, is to ensure a very troubling future. These wounds need to be closed, and they need to be healed. Prime Minister Abe can attain that closure, can attain that healing by exposing those wounds to the light of the truth—and an apol-ogy. I am hopeful that he will do this on this floor when he addresses us next week. 
f 
TPA PUTS AMERICAN BUSINESSES 
ON LEVEL PLAYING FIELD 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
support legislation that will benefit American manufacturers, farmers, and workers. 
By passing Trade Promotion Author-
ity, we can establish fair and strong rules that hold other nations account-able for their unfair trade practices, and we can tear down the barriers that block our goods from foreign markets. 
Passing TPA is critical to ensuring 
that we can get the best deal available from our trading partners that will benefit hard-working Americans. Stud-ies have shown that jobs supported by trade earn, on average, more than 18 percent more than other jobs. In Min-nesota, 775,000 jobs are connected to 
trade. We can build and improve on that by lowering regulatory barriers 
and allowing access to emerging mar-kets. 
Today, with over 95 percent of the 
world’s consumers living outside of the United States, we need to create a sys-tem of fair rules and enforcement so that American products and services are able to compete on a level playing field. 
Mr. Speaker, we have an opportunity 
to enact meaningful trade deals that will build a stronger and a healthier economy, and it begins with TPA. 
f 
CYBER WEEK 
(Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, it is 
Cyber Week in the House again. To-morrow and Thursday, the House will be considering two very important pieces of information-sharing legisla-tion, and I commend the leadership of the Intelligence and the Homeland Se-curity Committees for their bills. 
As co-chair of the Congressional Cy-
bersecurity Caucus, I am glad that the House is, once again, taking the lead to protect our networks—both public and private—from attack as well as looking to protect privacy and civil liberties. I am also hopeful that, unlike in the last two Congresses, my colleagues in the other Chamber, in the Senate, will take up their proposals so that we can get a bill on the President’s desk. 
It is particularly important that we 
codify an information-sharing frame-work so that we can turn our attention to other challenges in the cyber do-main. From data breach to critical in-frastructure protection, our ever more connected world ensures that there will be a further demand for congressional action. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the leadership 
of the committees for their attention to this issue. 
f 
HONORING THE BRAVERY OF WIL-
LIAM RAMIREZ AND OFFICER ROSNY OBAS 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to shine the spotlight on a Miami constituent who courageously risked his life for a stranger. 
Last Tuesday, on his way to work, 
William Ramirez witnessed Miami Po-lice Officer Rosny Obas become pinned down under a hail of gunfire. Mr. Rami-rez bravely swerved his van into the line of fire to shield Officer Obas, then was able to get the officer to safety. 
When asked why he did it, William 
humbly said, ‘‘How could I not?’’ 
I say William Ramirez is a hero. South Florida is blessed by the serv-
ice of patrolmen like Officer Obas, who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.019 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2346 April 21, 2015 
work every day to keep us safe, and we 
are further strengthened by residents like William Ramirez, who sometimes add heroic action to their everyday routines because it is simply the right thing to do. 
How could we not? 
f 
WATER INFRASTRUCTURE, SAFE 
CLIMATE CAUCUS 
(Mr. TONKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak about the importance of the ambitious investment in water in-frastructure in every community across our great Nation. 
I recently wrapped up a tour of sev-
eral water systems in upstate New York, and what I saw was infrastruc-ture in urgent need of attention—bro-ken pipes, flooded communities, and a lack of technical support for our mu-nicipalities. I have spoken with col-leagues on both sides of the aisle here in the House, and I have heard similar problems. 
We as a Nation must always keep an 
eye on our debt and on our deficits, both current and those years down the road. To that end, we must realize that investment is needed now to save dol-lars in the decades to come. We live in a world in which we upgrade our phones, our TVs, our cars, and other personal items almost every 2 years. It is time to apply that same mentality to the delivery systems that move around our most precious commodity— water. 
To my colleagues who haven’t al-
ready done so, I urge them to get in-volved in this issue within their own communities because it is not just H20 flooding out of those broken pipes just under our feet; it is water plus tax-payer dollars—hard-earned taxpayer dollars. 
f 
STOPPING TSA ABUSES ACT 
(Mr. ROONEY of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, last week, we saw disturbing news of two TSA screeners who allegedly conspired to sexually assault pas-sengers. This was not the first we have heard about screeners exceeding their authority to abuse passengers. We have read about the pat-downs and strip searches of young children, senior citi-zens, and cancer patients. Instead of reining in screeners, TSA has unilater-ally given them the appearance of even greater authority—metal badges, blue uniforms, and the title of ‘‘officer.’’ 
When you dress someone up like a po-
liceman and call him ‘‘officer,’’ you are misleading passengers about his actual authority. Most people see a badge and a uniform, and they comply with the screener’s demands even when those demands are abusive. That has to end. I have introduced the Stopping TSA 
Abuses Act to prohibit the TSA from giving screeners metal badges, police- like uniforms, and the title ‘‘officer.’’ It reserves those rights for sworn offi-cers who have actually completed law enforcement training. 
When you see someone wearing a 
Federal badge and uniform, you should have the faith that he actually has re-ceived the proper training. This bill is an important step towards that goal. 
f 
MAYOR PRADEL 
(Mr. FOSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Mayor A. George Pradel of the city of Naperville, Illinois. 
A lifelong Naperville resident, Mayor 
Pradel has spent his life in service to the community that he loves. 
George was born and raised in 
Naperville, and after a 3-year detour in the Marine Corps, he returned home to become a police officer. Known around town as ‘‘Officer Friendly,’’ he served on the force for 30 years. One of his proudest achievements during his time as an officer was the dedication of Safety Town, a miniature town that teaches children about public safety and how to avoid danger. 
In 1995, he was first elected and has 
served as mayor for a record-setting 20 years, during a time of great expansion and growth for the city. The mayor has led Naperville with his signature mix of charm and compassion. His annual tradition of delivering the State of the City Address in a tuxedo and silk top-hat will certainly be missed. 
Mayor Pradel is also a devoted hus-
band to his beloved wife, Pat, and is a dedicated father to his children and foster children. 
Mayor Pradel, as you step down and 
spend time with your family, know that your dedication to the community and know that your energy and enthu-siasm for serving Naperville will never be forgotten. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF SAN JACINTO 
DAY 
(Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, today is a 
very special day for us Texans. Today, we celebrate San Jacinto Day, which marks the day Texas won its independ-ence at the Battle of San Jacinto. 
On this very day in 1836, General Sam 
Houston’s army decisively defeated Mexican President Santa Anna and his forces at the Battle of San Jacinto while famously shouting, ‘‘Remember the Alamo. Remember the Goliad.’’ 
In the U.S. Congress, I am honored 
and proud to represent this historic battlefield, which now lays home to the San Jacinto Monument. This monu-ment is a staggering and stunning piece of architecture that proudly pays 
tribute to Texas’ victory at the Battle of San Jacinto. Since its completion in 1939, the San Jacinto Monument has served as a symbol of pride, sacrifice, and honor to not only Texas but also to our local community. 
As we celebrate 179 years of freedom, 
let us remember the brave Texas he-roes who conquered the Mexican forces at the Battle of San Jacinto on this day. 
May we also remember the signifi-
cant sacrifices made by so many during the Texas Revolution to achieve the freedoms and liberties that we proudly enjoy today in the Lone Star State. 
f 
COMFORT WOMEN 
(Mr. PASCRELL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, as the 
United States continues to work with Japan to promote peace and prosperity throughout the Asia-Pacific region and the broader global community, it is my hope that Prime Minister Abe’s visit next week will lay the foundation for healing and humble reconciliation by addressing the historical issue of the comfort women. 
I look forward to hearing from the 
Prime Minister for Japan is a close friend and ally, as is South Korea. We want to encourage our close friends and allies to communicate and to fos-ter an ability to work together produc-tively. 
That is why I am proud to cosponsor 
resolutions in the United States Con-gress to urge the Japanese Government to formally acknowledge and apologize for their Imperial Military’s coercion of young women into sexual slavery during the thirties and forties. The rec-ognition of these events by the Japa-nese Government, through the report released last year on the Kono State-ment, takes a step backward in taking full responsibility for the immeas-urable pain and incurable wounds suf-fered by the comfort women. 
As a member of the Congressional 
Human Rights Caucus, I will continue to work every day to ensure that our children and our children’s children will inherit a world where these types of atrocities are a thing of the past. 
Mr. Speaker, M
IKEHONDA , who will 
be speaking in a little while, has kept this hope alive. 
f 
CONSTITUENT CASES AT THE 
PHILADELPHIA VA 
(Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, as a Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee member, tomorrow we will have a hearing on the abuses at the Phila-delphia Veterans Affairs Regional Of-fice. We are going to hear a lot about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.048 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2347 April 21, 2015 
the volume of mismanagement, and I 
want to talk about one individual con-stituent just to highlight that we are talking about individual lives, indi-vidual veterans, who have sacrificed and who have not been treated fairly by the VA regional office. 
My constituent has had to file nu-
merous claims for service-connected disabilities. His initial claim was filed in the mid-1990s, and he has gone through five appeals. He has provided additional evidence per the VA’s re-quest and has followed their wishes in responding in a timely manner. How-ever, per a court order by the Veterans’ Appeals to handle my constituent’s case in an expeditious manner, the Philadelphia VA failed to respond until well after 6 months. 
The Philadelphia VA failed to pro-
vide the Lebanon VA medical doctor’s copies of his records for his C&P exams, further holding up his claims. On two occasions, once for an asbestos claim and another for his hearing loss claim, he was seen by a doctor who had to rely on his explanation of diagnosis instead of on his actual file. 
Many times, the VA has miscalcu-
lated his disability ratings, and due to the VA’s lack of timeliness, his claims have been subjected to denials because of errors made by the Philadelphia VA’s intake units concerning the misplacement of documentation, med-ical records, and ignoring requests by the Court and Veterans’ Appeals Boards. It is time for accountability. 
f 
b1915 
JAPAN AND THE UNITED STATES 
SHOULD MOVE FORWARD 
(Mr. RANGEL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank Congressman H
ONDA and all the 
Members who are asking that the Prime Minister of Japan try to restore the integrity that has been built up to this great nation since the war. 
Having been a combat soldier, I 
know, history will dictate that people are not particularly proud of what vi-ciousness can come out of physical combat. Without getting into the years of occupation that Japan has caused so many Koreans to suffer before the end of World War II, we now have found that these two nations have rebuilt themselves into being our strongest se-curity and trading partners, and so we should remove the stigma of lack of credibility from the Government of Japan. 
Certainly I think that most Ameri-
cans who remember Pearl Harbor, Cor-regidor, and Bataan—I was a kid, but all I knew was that the Japanese had attacked us. I can’t begin to tell you the visions that they tried to have us have. But today they are our friends. Let’s try to get this behind us and move forward. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1560, PROTECTING CYBER NETWORKS ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1731, NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY PROTECTION ADVANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the 
Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–88) on the resolution (H. Res. 212) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1560) to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of in-formation about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1731) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance multi-directional sharing of information related to cy-bersecurity risks and strengthen pri-vacy and civil liberties protections, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. H
ONDA ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to address the ongoing horror and nightmare that is violence against women. Whether in times of conflict or disaster, too often we see the worst battles fought on women and girls’ bod-ies. 
Tonight, Mr. Speaker, I am honored 
to recognize one woman who has sur-vived unspeakable violence. She is a survivor. At 87 years old, she traveled all the way from South Korea. Her name is Lee Yong-Soo, known to every-one as Grandmother Lee. She has be-come the voice of justice, peace, and reconciliation. 
In 1944, 16-year-old Yong-Soo Lee of 
Tasegu, Korea, was lured by a friend of hers to meet with an older Japanese man. The man took the two of them and three other teenaged girls by train, then ship to Taiwan. There, the girls were forced into sexual slavery, serving four to five Japanese soldiers every day for a year. 
Ms. Lee suffered beatings and tor-
ture, was infected with venereal dis-ease, was fed paltry amounts, faced temperatures so cold that ice formed on her body, and was never allowed outside. Only the end of World War II brought her relief. Ms. Lee is just one example of the 
over 200,000 women from Korea, China, the Philippines, Burma, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, Indonesia, and East Timor who were kidnapped and sexually enslaved by the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II. 
These so-called comfort women suf-
fered serious physical, emotional, and psychological damages as a result of their ordeal. Of her 200,000 sisters, Grandmother Lee is but one out of a handful of survivors across Asia Pacific still alive. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was right when she re-portedly called these victims, rather than ‘‘comfort women,’’ ‘‘sex slaves.’’ 
When Japanese Prime Minister 
Shinzo Abe addresses a joint meeting of Congress next week on April 29, he has the opportunity to do right by these women. He can make a full, un-equivocal, and formal apology on be-half of the Japanese Government. 
The Prime Minister’s visit is indeed a 
historic one. He will be the first Japa-nese Prime Minister to address a joint meeting of Congress. He will address this institution on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II and the 50th anniversary of the normalization between Korea and Japan. 
Prime Minister Abe will address this 
hallowed Chamber, where President Roosevelt delivered an address to our body as America entered war. There is much to be expected and anticipated in next week’s address. 
According to yesterday’s editorial by 
The New York Times, the success of Prime Minister Abe’s visit ‘‘depends on whether and how honestly Mr. Abe con-fronts Japan’s wartime history, includ-ing its decision to wage war, its brutal occupation of China and Korea, its atrocities and its enslavement of thou-sands of women forced to work as sex slaves or ‘comfort women’ in wartime brothels.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, in 2007, the House of 
Representatives sent a profound mes-sage to the Government of Japan by passing H. Res. 121, which I authored. The resolution stated: 
‘‘That it is the sense of the House of 
Representatives that the Government of Japan: 
‘‘(1) should formally acknowledge, 
apologize, and accept historical respon-sibility in a clear and unequivocal manner for its Imperial Armed Forces’ coercion of young women into sexual slavery, known to the world as comfort women, during its colonial and war-time occupation of Asia and the Pacific Islands from the 1930s through the du-ration of World War II; 
‘‘( 2) would help to resolve recurring 
questions about the sincerity and sta-tus of prior statements if the Prime Minister of Japan were to make such an apology as a public statement in his official capacity; 
‘‘(3) should clearly and publicly re-
fute any claims that the sexual en-slavement and trafficking of the com-fort women for the Japanese Imperial Armed Forces never occurred; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.049 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2348 April 21, 2015 
‘‘(4) should educate current and fu-
ture generations about this horrible crime while following the recommenda-tions of the international community with respect to the comfort women.’’ 
And yet the Japanese Government 
has continued to fail to address this 
resolution. 
To be fair, the Government of Japan 
has made important and appreciated efforts to face its history. In 1993, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yohei Kono issued a statement saying the Japanese mili-tary was involved in establishing the comfort stations. He said the women- girls, really from Korea and elsewhere, had been recruited against their own will. This was based upon many docu-ments. 
In 1995, on the occasion of the 50th 
anniversary of the end of World War II, then Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama admitted Japan’s ‘‘colonial rule and aggression caused tremendous damage and suffering to the people of many countries, particularly to those of Asian nations. 
‘‘In the hope that no such mistake be 
made in the future, I regard, in a spirit of humility, these irrefutable facts of history, and express here once again my feelings of deep remorse and state my heartfelt apology.’’ 
Yet in 2006, during Abe’s first term as 
Prime Minister, he unleashed an inter-national firestorm of criticism when he undermined the 1993 Kono Statement, incorrectly alleging that no documen-tary evidence existed of Japan’s com-plicity in setting up and running the comfort women stations. 
There was, in fact, plenty of evi-
dence, including the extensive personal testimonies of the survivors, who spoke of being raped 10, 20, up to 50 times per day. In addition, many international bodies have issued recommendations and conclusions on Japan’s history and actions. 
In 2003, the U.N. committee that 
evaluates Japan’s compliance with the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel Inhuman or Degrading Treat-ment or Punishment expressed concern regarding inadequate remedies for the victims of sexual slavery and violence, particularly survivors of Japan’s mili-tary sexual slavery practice during World War II. 
This committee also recommended 
that Japan ‘‘provide education to ad-dress the discriminatory roots of sex-ual and gender-based violence viola-tions, and provide rehabilitation meas-ures to the victims.’’ 
In 2008, the committee that accesses 
Japan’s implementation of the Inter-national Covenant on Civil and Polit-ical Rights concluded that Japan 
should ‘‘accept legal responsibility and apologize unreservedly for the ‘comfort women’ system . . . and take imme-diate and effective legislative and ad-ministrative measures to adequately compensate all survivors . . . educate students and the general public about the issue, and to refute and sanction any attempts to defame the victims or deny the events.’’ Talking about educating students, 
the books, the textbooks in Japan, still do not address the history of the mili-tary action in Asia during World War II. 
Following the passage of H. Res. 121, 
many countries followed suit and passed their own resolutions: Taiwan, Canada, Netherlands, the European Union, and South Korea. 
Mr. Speaker, there is nothing more 
important right now than for a demo-cratic country like Japan to apologize for its past mistakes. A government is a living, breathing organism that is re-sponsible for its past, present, and its future. Yet, as The New York Times editorial said, ‘‘history should have been settled. That it is not settled is largely the fault of Mr. Abe and his right-wing political allies who keep questioning history and even trying to rewrite it.’’ 
Last year, I, along with 17 of my 
House colleagues, wrote to the Ambas-sador of Japan to the U.S., calling the timing and context of the Japanese Government report on the Kono State-ment regrettable, unfortunate, unac-ceptable, and destabilizing. 
Also, last year, the Abe administra-
tion tried and then failed to get the United Nations to partially retract the authoritative 1996 report, which called on Japan to apologize to the victims and pay reparations to the survivors who had been forced into sex slavery during the war. 
Most notably, this year, the Japanese 
Government tried unsuccessfully to change passages in a history textbook about the comfort women during World War II. I believe the budget of Japan Prime Minister Abe was able to secure almost half a billion dollars to effect that kind of change wherever they deemed necessary. 
Now, some say that Japan has apolo-
gized enough and it is time to move on. To those people I would say, given these continued revisionist attempts, for every step forward toward peace and reconciliation, the Government of Japan takes two steps backwards. Enough is enough. Seventy years later, it is time for Prime Minister Abe to be clear and unequivocal and issue an ir-refutable apology, something that car-ries the weight of his government. 
The German Chancellor Angela 
Merkel has urged Prime Minister Abe to face Japan’s history. Germany knows something about this. After World War II, it engaged in a painful national coming to terms with the past that ripped open old wounds so that they could properly heal. 
In 1970, on a cold and wet day in War-
saw, then-German Chancellor Willy Brandt laid down a wreath at the me-morial of the Jewish ghetto. Then he fell to his knees in front of the memo-rial. As a reporter who witnessed this event wrote later: 
‘‘If this man, who wasn’t responsible 
for the crime, who wasn’t there in those years, now decides to walk through the former Warsaw ghetto and to kneel down—then it’s clear he 
doesn’t kneel there for his own sake . . . he confesses a guilt that he doesn’t have to carry, and he asks for a for-giveness that he himself doesn’t need. Then he kneels there for Germany.’’ 
b1930 
And so 70 years later, Grandmother 
Lee and the hundreds of thousands of souls of the departed continue to wait for their justice and peace. 
As someone who was put into an in-
ternment camp as an infant, I know firsthand that governments must not be ignorant of their pasts. 
In 1942, during World War II, my 
country, my government, put aside the constitutional rights of Japanese Americans and systematically incar-cerated thousands of us—120,000. We were U.S. citizens, but we also looked like the enemy. 
Decades later, we, the Japanese 
American community, fought for an apology from our own government. In 1988, Congress passed and President Ronald Reagan signed into law H.R. 442, the Civil Liberties Act of 1988. This was a formal apology to United States citizens of Japanese ancestry who were unjustly put into internment camps during World War II. Our government made a mistake, but they apologized for it and healed many wounds as a re-sult. 
Even though 40 years have passed, it 
still warmed my heart to hear my gov-ernment say, ‘‘We’re sorry.’’ Japan must now do the same. They must show the maturity of a democratic country, apologize for their mistake, and thereby gain the trust of their sis-ter Asian nations. 
Violence against women continues 
today. According to the World Health Organization, women aged 15 to 44 are more at risk from rape and domestic violence than cancer, car accidents, war, and malaria. 
By 1993, the Zenica Centre for the 
Registration of War and Genocide Crime in Bosnia-Herzegovina had docu-mented 40,000 cases of war-related rape. Of a sample of Rwandan women sur-veyed in 1999, 39 percent reported being raped during the 1994 genocide, and 72 percent said they knew someone who had been raped. 
An estimated 23,000, to 46,000 Kosovar 
Albanian women are believed to have been raped between August 1998 and August 1999, the height of the conflict with Serbia. 
In 2003, 74 percent of a random sam-
ple of 399 Liberian refugee women liv-ing in camps in Sierra Leone reported being sexually abused prior to being displaced from their homes in Liberia. Fifty-five percent of them experienced sexual violence during displacement. 
Even today, the U.N. labeled the 
Democratic Republic of Congo as the ‘‘rape capital of the world.’’ There are rape camps that are destroying the lives of babies, young people—boys and girls—and women and men. In the DRC, 48 women are raped every hour. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.050 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2349 April 21, 2015 
In addition, according to a recent 
Human Rights Watch report, the ex-tremist group ISIL has carried out sys-tematic rape and other sexual violence against Yazidi women and girls in northern Iraq. 
ISIS forces took several thousand 
Yazidi civilians into custody in north-ern Iraq’s province in August 2014, ac-cording to Kurdistan officials and com-munity leaders. Witnesses said that fighters systematically separated young women and girls from their fam-ilies and other captives and moved them from one location to another in-side Iraq and Syria. 
The 11 women and 9 girls Human 
Rights Watch interviewed had escaped between September 2014 and January 2015. Half, including two 12-year-old girls, said they had been raped—some multiple times and by several ISIS fighters. Nearly all of them said they had been forced into marriage; sold—in some cases, a number of times; or given as ‘‘gifts.’’ The women and girls also witnessed other captives being abused. Violence against women must stop. 
Today, there are fewer than 100 sur-
viving Comfort Women women across the Asia Pacific. Each year, this num-ber declines. The survivors are dying by the day. They deserve the justice that has been due to them for the past 70 years. They deserve the justice that has been denied them. These women want and deserve an official apology. 
In 1991, with the swift courage of Kim 
Hak-sun, she brought to light her story of being a sex slave to the Japanese Im-perial Army. Her story was the spark that ignited the flames of justice. 
Since then, we have the courageous 
survivors, such as Grandmother Lee, who continues to be a voice for the voiceless. We also have the courage of Ms. Jan Ruff O’Herne, who now resides in Australia. 
Ms. O’Herne was born in Java in the 
former Dutch East Indies, known today as Indonesia. When she was 19 years old, Japanese troops invaded Java. They were interned in Japanese prison camps. 
Two years later, she was selected, 
along with several other girls, and was told by the Japanese military that they were there for the sexual pleasure of the Japanese military. 
As Ms. O’Herne relayed during the 
2007 House Foreign Affairs hearing on Protecting the Human Rights of Com-fort Women, a Japanese officer ran his sword all over her body and forced him-self on her. 
The trauma these women—these 
girls—endured is unimaginable. That is why my patience for securing justice for the dignity of these victims is run-ning out. 
The opportunity to speak to a joint 
session of Congress is an honor that is reserved for the heads of state of our closest allies. It is my sincere hope that, for Ms. O’Herne’s sake, for Kim Hak-sun’s sake, for Grandmother Lee’s sake, Prime Minister Abe will take the privilege to address the joint meeting of Congress and finally and firmly 
apologize and commit to educating the future generations honestly and hum-bly. The spirit of these women—these girls—deserves no less. 
In closing, I am going to quote 
Grandmother Lee’s comments when she testified before our subcommittee in 2007. She said: 
If you cannot apologize to me, give me 
back my youth. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-
press my deep concern for women around the world who are targeted victims of violence. It is estimated that 1 out of every 3 women around the world will be beaten, coerced into sex, or otherwise abused in her lifetime. Women in areas of conflict are in even more danger. We know that rape and sexual assault are tools of war used around the world to ter-rorize entire communities. Displaced, refugee and stateless women are at an increased risk of violence, and they are often forced to ex-change sex for food and humanitarian sup-plies. These tactics are not new, they have been used as tools of war throughout the cen-turies and these despicable practices have been ignored for far too long. 
Today, sitting in the House Gallery, is 
Grandmother Yong Soo Lee, a courageous survivor of war. In the 1930s and 1940s, women and girls were forced to provide sexual services for Japanese soldiers. These women are known as comfort women, and Grand-mother Lee is one of the few remaining sur-vivors still alive. 
Every country, including our own, has made 
mistakes in the past. At one time or another, each country has had to apologize for actions unbefitting its values and principles. 
Since the end of World War II, Japan has 
been one of the United States’ most important allies and we have enjoyed a successful part-nership based on respect and cooperation. However, the historical record on comfort women must be universally accepted, without wavering on the horrific details. 
In 1993, the Chief Cabinet Secretary Yohei 
Kono apologized to the victims and admitted responsibility by the Japanese military. De-spite this apology, in the past twelve years, government officials have made statements that seem to call the Kono Statement into question. These discrepancies are an impedi-ment to a successful tri-lateral relationship be-tween the United States, Japan, and the Re-public of Korea. Prime Minster Shinzo Abe’s scheduled address to a joint meeting of Con-gress next week is a landmark moment for U.S.-Japan relations. I look forward to hearing Prime Minister Abe speak and it is my hope 
he uses this opportunity to clarify any remarks that have been interpreted as a revocation of the Kono Statement. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Congressman H
ONDA for hosting this very im-
portant Special Order this evening. 
Domestic violence is the leading cause of 
injury for women in America. 
More often than not, cases of violence 
against women go unreported. 
Over 80% of women who were victimized 
experienced significant short-term and long- term impacts related to the violence and were more likely to experience Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and long-term chronic dis-eases such as asthma and diabetes. Every year in the United States, 1,000 to 
1,600 women die at the hands of their male partners, often after a long, escalating pattern of battering. 
In 2009, 111 women were killed by their 
former or current husband, intimate partner or boyfriend in the State of Texas. 
Domestic violence is the leading cause of 
injury for women in America. 
Every nine seconds a woman in the United 
States is assaulted or beaten by stalkers or her partner. 
Another form of violence against women is 
sex trafficking. 
Trafficking ensnares millions of women and 
girls in modern-day slavery. 
According to the FBI, sex trafficking is the 
fastest-growing business of organized crime and the third-largest criminal enterprise in the world. 
More than 300,000 American children are at 
risk of becoming victims of sex trafficking an-nually in what is estimated to be a $9.8 billion industry. 
Women and girls represent 55 per cent of 
the estimated 20.9 million victims of forced labor worldwide and 98 per cent of the esti-mated 4.5 million forced into sexual exploi-tation. 
Similar to current sex trafficking crimes is 
the past atrocity of the crimes that were com-mitted towards the Korean women. 
The ‘‘comfort women’’ system of forced mili-
tary prostitution by the Government of Japan, considered unprecedented in its cruelty and magnitude, included gang rape, forced abor-tions, humiliation, and sexual violence result-ing in mutilation, death, or eventual suicide in one of the largest cases of human trafficking in the 20th century. 
Today, there are now only just 59 known 
survivors that were comfort Korean victims. 
There are about 200,000 women are esti-
mated to have worked as comfort women in Japan’s military brothels. 
Today, the comfort women issue remains 
taboo and controversial topic, just like other violent crimes committed to women. 
These women are not victims but also sur-
vivors, survivors from a brutal crime. 
The comfort women issue is not just about 
the past, but it is very relevant today. 
The world’s strength to oppose killing today 
is made greater by accountability, for actions present, but also past. 
It’s weakened by denial of accountability 
and obfuscation of past acts. 
History is a continuum that affects today 
and tomorrow. 
Women everywhere should not be victims of 
such an atrocity. 
It’s much harder to get tomorrow right if we 
get yesterday wrong. 
Today, we call on to the Japanese govern-
ment to apologize to the few women who con-tinue to live with the shame of the crimes committed against them. 
f 
SAN JACINTO DAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
ABRAHAM ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) is rec-
ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
today is April 21, 2015. April 21 is an im-portant day. It is an important day not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.052 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2350 April 21, 2015 
only in Texas history, but I think in 
world history. But it is more important to my mother. Because today, Mr. Speaker, my mother is 90 years young. 
When I was growing up in Texas, 
April 21 was a holiday. We did not go to school on April 21 in Houston. And my mother told me the reason we did not go to school was because it was her birthday and everybody got off from school on her birthday. 
Of course, I believed her—and she 
still says that is the reason we get off— but it wasn’t until I took fourth-grade Texas history that I learned there was another reason why April 21 was an im-portant day and a holiday. It is called San Jacinto Day, Mr. Speaker. 
San Jacinto Day is based upon Texas 
history that occurred on April 21, 1836—179 years ago. That was the day that the Battle of San Jacinto took place on the marshy plains where Buf-falo Bayou meets the San Jacinto River, near the Gulf of Mexico, in a place that we now call Harrisburg, which is near Houston, Texas. It was a battle that was successful for liberty and freedom for people who lived in Texas. 
The Battle of San Jacinto was won 
by Sam Houston defeating the invading Mexican army led by Santa Anna. And I will get back to that in a moment. I think it is important, though, we have a little history lesson so we understand why this battle for freedom is so im-portant to all people who believe in freedom. 
Texas, Mr. Speaker, was wanted by a 
lot of folks. The French claimed Texas. Of course, the Comanches, the Apaches, and a lot of other Native American tribes claimed Texas—and wanted Texas. 
But Spain controlled Texas for a 
great number of years. From 1690 to about 1821, Texas as we know it was part of Spain. In fact, we still have Spanish land grants in Texas, where people own land that they can trace back to the Spanish when they con-trolled Texas. 
In about 1821, a portion of Spain— 
Spanish Texas and Spanish Mexico, if you will—decided they wanted inde-pendence from Spain. So, Mexico as we now know it had their war of independ-ence from the European power of Spain, and they were successful in de-feating the Spanish and declaring inde-pendence and becoming a democratic republic south of the border called the Republic of Mexico. That was 1821. Texas was a part of that revolution and that rebellion. Texans fought in those battles. 
And all went well until about 1835, 
when a person by the name of Santa Anna took over the Presidency of Mex-ico—a republic, a democracy—and made himself a military dictator. He abolished the Constitution—dictators have a habit of doing that, even to this day—dismissed the assembly or Con-gress, and he was in total control of Mexico. Now, this did not set well with people 
in Mexico, which includes what we now know as Texas. 
Here is a map of the region in about 
the time of 1821 to 1836. This portion here was Texas. It was part of another state in Mexico called Coahuila. 
When dictator Santa Anna took con-
trol of this entire area, 11 of the states rebelled. They wanted their own inde-pendence from their dictator, who de-stroyed the democracy, or the demo-cratic Republic of Mexico. 
Several of the states rebelled. In fact, 
some were somewhat successful. The Republic of Yucatan lasted for a while, went back to Mexico, gained independ-ence again, and was a republic for about 7 years in the 1840s, and then joined Mexico again. 
There were several other states—and 
I will put in the R
ECORD the names of 
those states—that wanted independ-ence from Mexico, to go their own way, and some were more successful than others. 
And what Santa Anna did is assemble 
his army. He went through Mexico, re-taking this land, putting down the re-bellion of all of the individuals who were trying to be independent from the Mexican dictator. 
After he had successfully done that, 
he moved across the Rio Grande River, where those Texans were causing the same type of controversy of wanting freedom and independence. And what started the actual fighting between the people of Texas—and they were of all races. Tejanos is a special unique name of Texans of Spanish or Mexican birth. Tejanos, Anglos, and Blacks in that area wanted independence. Not all, but many of them did. And there was a controversy, and there were political disputes with the Mexican government. But what set it all off occurred in a small, little town of Gonzales, Texas. 
In Gonzales, Texas, they had a can-
non. It wasn’t really much of a cannon, but it was a cannon. And it was to pro-tect themselves from the Karankawas, the Apaches, and other folks. 
b1945 
The Mexican Government decided 
they were going over to take that can-non away from the settlers. The set-tlers objected. They said, You can’t have it. They made themselves a flag that said, ‘‘Come and take it.’’ We still have that flag. ‘‘Come and take it.’’ It had a cannon with the words ‘‘Come and take it.’’ 
So the Mexican military shows up. 
The settlers have a skirmish with the Mexican military. Shots were fired. I don’t think anybody was really hurt too bad, but the Mexican Army re-treated. They left Gonzalez, but they left without the cannon. 
It is an interesting note that the 
Texas war of independence started be-cause government tried to take the firearms, the weapons, the guns of the people. If you recall American history, Mr. Speaker, which I know you know quite well, there is a little place called Lexington and Concord, up in Massa-
chusetts, where the British tried to take the guns from the colonists, to take the guns from the armory at Lex-ington and Concord. The colonists ob-jected. 
The shot heard around the world 
started the American war of independ-ence, successful just like the Texas war of independence was successful, but the fighting started when the government showed up to take the weapons of the settlers. 
In any event, the Battle of Gonzalez 
took place. The fighting was on. Tex-ans moved into Bexar, which is now San Antonio, which was the central city in the Republic, or in Texas, and took that away from the Mexican mili-tary that was there, ran them out of town, and that was toward December of 1835. 
Then we get to early part of 1836, and 
this part of history is what most Amer-icans are aware of: Santa Anna now is coming across the Rio Grande River with his three armies to retake Texas and make it part of Mexico again, as he had done with these other rebellious states in Mexico. 
He showed up at a little place, a beat- 
up old Spanish church that was over 100 years old at the time, in February of 1836. We call it the Alamo, the cradle of Texas liberty. 
Assembled at the Alamo, in Bexar— 
San Antonio, if you will, same place— were 187 Texas volunteers. Now, most of them were not from Texas. In fact, the only natives there were the Tejanos. Eleven Tejanos fought in the Texas revolution at the Alamo, but they were from all the States, 13 for-eign countries, and of all races, volun-teers, led by my favorite person—Wil-liam Barret Travis, a South Carolina lawyer—came to Texas; and he is 27, the commander of the Alamo. 
Santa Anna’s army, historians dis-
agree on how many thousands there were, but there were a lot of them; and, after 13 days—we all know the rest of the story. After 13 days of holding the Mexican Army at bay and Santa Anna, Santa Anna was able to breach the walls and kill all of the defenders, all the volunteers at the Alamo. 
After that occurred, people who lived 
in Texas started moving from that di-rection of central Texas towards the east, towards Louisiana. It is called the Runaway Scrape. 
Why were they running? Because the 
Mexican armies have invaded Texas and are coming after the settlers in that portion of the State, that portion of Texas—so Sam Houston, who had al-
ready come to Texas, was building an army to fight and defend the State of Texas and to fight and defend, from the invaders, Texas liberty. He was build-ing this army. 
It is interesting how he got to Texas. 
Sam Houston was famous in his own right before he made it to Texas. He was from Tennessee. He was an attor-ney general, Member of Congress— twice elected to Congress—and Gov-ernor of Tennessee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.053 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2351 April 21, 2015 
He eventually left the Governorship 
and came back to Washington, Mr. Speaker, and advocated on behalf of the Cherokee Indians who he was living with in what is now Oklahoma. 
He got into a dispute with an Ohio 
Congressman named Stanbery. Stanbery had impugned the integrity of Sam Houston, and Sam Houston didn’t like that. That conversation, ap-parently, by Stanbery occurred on this House floor. 
One morning, Sam Houston is coming 
out of his home, his dwelling over here on Pennsylvania Avenue, and he sees Stanbery. Sam Houston carried a cane. You may see the pictures of Sam Hous-ton with his cane. Sam Houston comes upon—I get all choked up telling the story, Mr. Speaker. 
Sam Houston comes up on Stanbery. 
He is walking down the street. Sam Houston, remembering the bad things that Stanbery said about him on the House floor, and he starts to thrash Stanbery with his cane, beats him pret-ty bad. 
Stanbery had a pistol. He pulls it out 
of his vest. He pokes the pistol in Sam Houston’s chest and pulls the trigger. The gun misfired; and, therefore, Sam Houston lived. He was tried on this House floor for demeaning a Member of Congress. The Supreme Court sat in judgment of him. The trial lasted a month. Sam Houston took the House floor and talked over a full day, defend-ing himself. 
After the trial was over, Sam Hous-
ton was found guilty, ordered to pay a $500 fine for demeaning a Member of Congress. Sam Houston was rep-resented by Francis Scott Key—yes, the same lawyer that wrote our Star- Spangled Banner. 
Rather than pay the fine, rather than 
deal with Congress anymore and Mr. Stanbery, he left Washington and ended up in Texas and became a polit-ical figure there. They loved Sam Houston when he came to Texas. They didn’t care about his troubles here in Washington, D.C., and he was made general of the Texas Army. 
So the Alamo takes place. William 
Barret Travis, the commander, they were all killed. Sam Houston builds his army, and he is ready to defend Texas 
against the invading army from Santa Anna. 
That brings us to April 21. Sam Hous-
ton did not engage Santa Anna quick-ly. In fact, he kept moving east. He got as close as he could to Louisiana, and then he moved south, down towards the Gulf of Mexico. Santa Anna is chasing him. 
Finally, Sam Houston stopped on 
those marshy plains of San Jacinto, where Buffalo Bayou meets the San Jacinto River—Santa Anna’s army, about 1,800; Houston’s army, 700, 800— outnumbered. 
Remember, Santa Anna’s armies had 
yet to be defeated, in all those battles in Mexico, Alamo, a place called Goliad, where Santa Anna killed all the Texas defenders, yet to be defeated. Sam Houston has yet to fight a battle. They assemble there, April 19, 1836. 
Most battles, even today, are fought when the sun comes up, sunrise; and they were then. They were for thou-sands of years. Everybody expected battle on April 22 at sunrise, but the Texas Army did not want to wait, so on the afternoon of April 21, there was a council of war. Sam Houston decided that now is as good a time as any. 
Well, less than a mile away was 
Santa Anna’s army, but it is in the afternoon. Many of the soldiers in Santa Anna’s army were taking a si-esta. 
Legend has it that Santa Anna was 
occupied with a mixed-race lady by the name of Emily Morgan. She was keep-ing him busy during this time. I don’t know if that is true or not. We believe it is true. We named buildings after Emily Morgan. We call her the Yellow Rose of Texas. We still honor ladies in Texas by calling them the yellow rose. 
But anyway, so he is busy. The Tex-
ans line up in one column. There weren’t a lot of them; there were only 700 or 800 of them. They didn’t have uniforms. They were wearing buck-skins and frontier clothes. They have bowie knives and pistols in their belts, tomahawks, rifles. 
Juan Seguin, Hispanic Tejano, his 
cavalry are riding the flanks, pro-tecting the flanks, also didn’t have uni-forms. So that the Texans would not mistake them for the enemy, Juan Se-quin had all of his cavalry put in their sombreros, their hats, a playing card so they would know that these are the good guys and they wouldn’t mistake them for the enemy. 
They are marching in a single file, if 
you can imagine this, this odd-looking bunch of folks. Leading them was a fife guy—a fifer, on a fife—another person carrying a flag. It was Miss Liberty that they were carrying the flag of. 
Miss Liberty was a partially nude fe-
male with the word ‘‘liberty’’ written across her. The fifer, he only knew one song. It was called ‘‘Come to the Bower.’’ The Bower was a house of ill repute, so he is playing this house of ill repute song on his fife, and the Texas Army is marching down the hill, ready. 
The Mexican Army, not prepared, no 
scouts, no lookouts, no one is watch-ing; and they charge in broad daylight in the middle of the afternoon, when battles are never fought. 
Santa Anna was caught napping. The 
Mexican Army was caught by surprise. In 18 minutes, a lot shorter time than I have already talked, Mr. Speaker, the battle started, and it was ended. Half the Mexican Army was killed, the other half captured. More were cap-tured than were in the Texas Army. Texas casualties, nine were killed. The enemy was caught by total surprise. They were caught fleeing. 
Santa Anna changed his clothes, 
took off his fancy general, Presidential uniform and put on the uniform of a Mexican private, but he was caught, and he was brought to Sam Houston, who happened to be one of the few that were wounded. He was shot in the 
ankle off his horse. 
The Texans wanted to hang Santa 
Anna right there from the closest oak tree. Sam Houston was not about to have a lynching of the enemy leader, and he held him for bargaining power later, to get a better deal for Texas independence. 
The Texans at San Jacinto, like at 
the Alamo, all volunteers, they came from every place. They were of all races. They came from several foreign countries. They came from many of the States. One was from Rhode Island, an-other from Vermont; several were from New York. 
In fact, several New Yorkers helped 
in Texas’ independence, at the Alamo and at San Jacinto, but from most of the States and, as I said, foreign coun-tries as well. 
b2000 
They succeeded in defeating Santa 
Anna. 
Texas declared independence earlier 
that year, on March 2, 1836, about 6 weeks before the Battle of San Jacinto, declared independence from Mexico. And it was won. It was successful on April 21, 1836, which we call San Jacinto Day today. 
After that battle was over with, mili-
tary historians say it was one of the most decisive battles in Western Hemi-sphere history because of the massive amount of land that changed hands be-cause of one battle. 
After the Battle of San Jacinto, you 
can see what modern-day Texas looks like right through here, this area. Texas not only claimed what is now modern-day Texas, but it claimed parts of Oklahoma, New Mexico, Colorado, Kansas, and all the way up to Wyo-ming. 
This was the Republic of Texas in 
April of 1836. This land was all claimed by Texas. Texas established a constitu-tion, a government, and became an independent, free nation that lasted for 9 years. Sam Houston, of course, was the President of the Republic of Texas and got elected twice to the Republic of Texas. 
The Republic of Texas, as I said, 
lasted for 9 years, and then the major-ity of Texans wanted to join the United States. It was not an easy task. Many people in the United States didn’t want Texas in the Union. 
Primarily the way for Texas to get 
into the Union was a treaty because Texas was a country. The United States is a country. There would be a treaty, and Texas would come in as a State. As we know, those folks down the hallway in the Senate, it takes two-thirds of them to approve a treaty. 
Two-thirds of the States in the 
United States would never have ap-proved Texas coming into the Union, so how did Texas become a part of the Union? They changed it to a joint reso-lution. It just takes a majority vote to get a joint resolution passed in the Senate. So Texas came into the Union 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.054 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2352 April 21, 2015 
after several tries unsuccessfully when, 
apparently, a Louisiana Senator changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘yes,’’ and Texas came in under a joint resolu-tion. Thus, the Republic of Texas was no more and became a State in the Union in 1845, in December of 1845. 
When it came into the Union, Texas 
was allowed to fly its flag at the same height as the United States flag. If you come to Texas, you will notice there are a lot of Texas flags flying at the same level as the American flag. 
Texas is allowed to divide into five 
States. We are not going to do that. People would debate who would be called Texas and what would the other four be called. So we are not going to divide into five States. But we have the ability, and we have the right to decide and to divide into five States. 
But going back to Texas and the way 
it was when it came into the Union, what happened to all this land? Well, Texas had mounted a lot of debt and, to pay off its debt to the United States and to its creditors, sold this land to the Federal Government and wiped the slate clean. Therefore, Texas now looks like what we all know it looks like. The rest of that land went to the Union. 
I mentioned and talked to you to-
night, Mr. Speaker, about San Jacinto Day, not so much because it is really San Jacinto Day, but about the people who were there 179 years ago. I men-tioned there were all types of folks. But similar to our ancestors in the co-lonial days who said ‘‘no’’ to oppres-sion, they weren’t going to tolerate it. We still have oppression throughout the world. We have governments and dictators, military dictators oppressing their people. A lot of times, they can’t do anything about it, those people. They would like to be free and inde-pendent, but they are not. 
Those folks back in 1836 made a deci-
sion that it was more important to them to be free than it was to be safe, secure in their own personal life. So they were willing to give their life for freedom. That is not a trite statement. We have had people from all over the United States who have done that since then, have fought for America, fought for liberty, fought for freedom, even for other people. They have sacrificed their lives so that other people can enjoy those words that most people have never enjoyed, ‘‘freedom’’ and ‘‘liberty.’’ 
And when a dictator or any other 
powerful government shows up, some people have the ability to step up and say: I am not going to take it. I will give up my life so that there can be a free nation. 
So we are grateful for those folks in 
1836, on San Jacinto Day, and the ones at the Alamo who all died and the oth-ers who died and the ones that fought and lived, sacrificed their land to make sure that freedom rings in our State. 
Texans are proud of their history. I 
mentioned that I learned about San Jacinto Day in Texas history. Kids growing up in Texas today have to take 
Texas history twice, in the fourth grade and the seventh grade, where they learn about the history of our State. 
Our history is different than the 
Thirteen Colonies’ history. It received its independence, but it was not from England; it was from a Mexican dic-tator. 
And we appreciate that. We appre-
ciate those folks—Sam Houston, Wil-liam Barret Travis, Davy Crockett, Jim Bowie—all those many men and women who sacrificed life and their well-being so that we could be an inde-pendent nation that tyrants will not rule. They will not be successful. They will be defeated. And we should admire people like that. I think we do here in the House of Representatives and in the United States. We have had people like that in all of our history. That is what makes us a unique nation, be-cause we can go all the way back to the American War for Independence and trace all of the history; and in much of it, the United States was at war and fighting for our liberty, and we thank those people. 
We are still involved in war through-
out the world today, the people fight-ing for America. So we are grateful for them, and we are grateful for those folks—Sam Houston and all of his boys of summer and boys of spring—that fought at the Battle of San Jacinto. 
One hundred years after the battle, 
Texans built a monument similar to the one down the street, the Wash-ington Monument. We have all seen the Washington Monument. If you come to the battlefield of San Jacinto, you will see a similar monument, but it has a big star on the top of it. It is taller than the Washington Monument be-cause it is in Texas, and the star makes it taller than the Washington Monu-ment. 
As a side note, the Texas State cap-
itol is also taller than this Capitol. That was built later. 
And we honor those folks with that 
monument. We honor them on San Jacinto Day, today. It is not a holiday anymore. Kids don’t get out of school. 
But it is still my mother’s birthday. 
I don’t know if she is watching or not, but she is certainly celebrating her birthday down in Texas. 
So on behalf of those of us here, we 
commend those folks at the Battle of San Jacinto. And I also want to wish my mom a happy birthday on this April 21, 2015. 
And that is just the way it is, Mr. 
Speaker. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE(at the request of 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on account of of-
ficial business. ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, April 22, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1215. A letter from the Principal Deputy, 
Reserve Affairs, Office of the Assistant Sec-retary, Department of Defense, transmitting 
the Department’s STARBASE Program 2014 annual report, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2193b(g); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1216. A letter from the Director, Acquisi-
tion and Sourcing Management, Government Accountability Office, transmitting a re- issued report entitled ‘‘Defense Acquisitions: Assessments of Selected Weapon Programs’’ (GAO-15-342SP) to reflect changes made to the quantities of one of the programs used in the Office’s calculations; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1217. A letter from the Chairman and Presi-
dent, Export-Import Bank, transmitting a statement, pursuant to Sec. 2(b)(3) of the Ex-port-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended, on a transaction involving Hainan Airlines Co., Ltd. of Haikou, China; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1218. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s final rule — Transferred OTS Regula-tions Regarding Possession by Conservators and Receivers for Federal and State Savings Associations (RIN: 3064-AE17) received April 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1219. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s final rule — Removal of Transferred OTS Regulations Regarding Rules of Prac-tice and Procedure and Amendments to FDIC Rules and Regulations (RIN: 3064-AE08) re-ceived April 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1220. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-fice of General Counsel, Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Federal Hous-ing Administration (FHA): Removal of Sec-tion 235 Home Ownership Program Regula-tions [Docket No.: FR-5829-F-01] received April 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1221. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s Major final rule — Hazardous and Solid Waste Management System; Disposal of Coal Combustion Residuals from Electric Utilities [EPA-HQ-RCRA-2009-0640; FRL-9919-44- OSWER] (RIN: 2050-AE81) received April 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1222. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Vermont: Final Au-thorization of State Hazardous Waste Man-agement Program Revisions [EPA-R01- RCRA-2015-0195; FRL 9926-54-Region 1] re-ceived April 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP7.056 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2353 April 21, 2015 
801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
1223. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Na-tional Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants; Delegation of Authority to Okla-homa [EPA-R06-OAR-2008-0063; FRL-9926-50- Region 6] received April 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1224. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; North Carolina; Charlotte; Base Year Emissions In-ventory and Emissions Statement for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard [EPA-R04-OAR- 2015-0209; FRL-9926-47-Region 4] received April 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1225. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Rhode Island: Prevention of Significant Deteriora-tion [EPA-R01-OAR-2011-0148; A-1-FRL-9926- 51-Region 1] received April 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1226. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, OC/OPPLA/OP/ RPMS, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s di-rect final rule — Performance Standards for Ionizing Radiation Emitting Products; Fluoroscopic Equipment; Correction [Docket No.: FDA-2015-N-0828] received April 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1227. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s FY 2014 annual report and data, pursuant to Secs. 203(a) and (b) of the Notifi-cation and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1228. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, transmitting the Commission’s FY 2014 an-nual report, pursuant to Sec. 203 of the Noti-fication and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1229. A letter from the Chairman, Occupa-
tional Safety and Health Review Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s FY 2014 annual report, pursuant to Sec. 203 of the No-tification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1230. A letter from the Equal Employment 
Opportunity Director, Office of Special Counsel, transmitting the Office’s FY 2014 annual report, pursuant to Sec. 203 of the No-tification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1231. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — 2015 Annual Deter-mination To Implement the Sea Turtle Ob-server Requirement [Docket No.: 140829733- 5046-02] (RIN: 0648-BE35) received April 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the 
Committee on Natural Resources. 
1232. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislative Affairs, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Depart-ment’s ‘‘Detainees Not Seeking Asylum’’ re-port for FY 2013, pursuant to Sec. 904 of the Haitian Refugee Immigration Fairness Act of 1998; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1233. A letter from the Designee of the As-
sistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting the monthly report to Congress on ‘‘Ad-justments of Status Granted Under Section 13 of the Act of September 11, 1957’’, Pub. L. 85-316, for February 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1234. A letter from the Designee of the As-
sistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting the monthly report to Congress on ‘‘Ad-justments of Status Granted Under Section 13 of the Act of September 11, 1957’’, Pub. L. 85-316, for January 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1235. A letter from the Designee of the As-
sistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting the monthly report to Congress on ‘‘Ad-justments of Status Granted Under Section 13 of the Act of September 11, 1957’’, Pub. L. 85-316, for January 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1236. A letter from the Designee of the As-
sistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting the monthly report to Congress on ‘‘Ad-justments of Status Granted Under Section 13 of the Act of September 11, 1957’’, Pub. L. 85-316, for December 2014; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1237. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; GA 8 Airvan (Pty) Ltd Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-1123; Directorate Identifier 2014-CE-037-AD; Amendment 39- 18120; AD 2015-06-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1238. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program; Right of Appeal for Medicare Secondary Payer De-terminations Relating to Liability Insurance (Including Self-Insurance), No-Fault Insur-ance, and Workers’ Compensation Laws and Plans [CMS-6055-F] (RIN: 0938-AS03) received April 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on 
Rules. House Resolution 212. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1560) to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1731) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance multi-directional sharing of information re-lated to cybersecurity risks and strengthen privacy and civil liberties protections, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–88). Referred to the House Calendar. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for 
himself and Mr. L ABRADOR ): 
H.R. 1897. A bill to amend the Federal Land 
Policy and Management Act of 1976 to make technical corrections to law governing graz-ing permits and leases on National Forest System lands; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas (for herself, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. B ERA, Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. B EYER , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. T AKANO , and 
Mr. F OSTER ): 
H.R. 1898. A bill to provide for investment 
in innovation through research and develop-ment and STEM education, to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself and 
Mrs. B
USTOS ): 
H.R. 1899. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend to all veterans with a serious service-connected injury eligibility to participate in the family caregiver serv-ices program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself and 
Mr. C
ONYERS ): 
H.R. 1900. A bill to reauthorize and amend 
the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. MARCHANT (for himself, Mr. 
P
OMPEO , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. P ERRY , Mr. F LORES , Mr. S HU-
STER , and Mr. S CALISE ): 
H.R. 1901. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to phaseout and repeal the credit for electricity produced from certain renewable resources, to reduce the corporate income tax, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. N ADLER , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. 
NORTON ): 
H.R. 1902. A bill to ban hydraulic frac-
turing on land owned by the United States and leased to a third party, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. L
EVIN, 
Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. L EWIS): 
H.R. 1903. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 
1930 to eliminate the consumptive demand exception to prohibition on importation of goods made with convict labor, forced labor, or indentured labor, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. 
K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. G UTHRIE , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. J ONES , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
POCAN , and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21AP7.000 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2354 April 21, 2015 
H.R. 1904. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to award grants to estab-lish, or expand upon, master’s degree or doc-toral degree programs in orthotics and pros-thetics, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
B
EYER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. J ONES , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
LEVIN, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , and 
Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H.R. 1905. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense to award grants to fund research on orthotics and prosthetics; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
(for himself and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ): 
H.R. 1906. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to include recreational therapy among the therapy modalities that constitute an intensive rehabilitation ther-apy program in an inpatient rehabilitation hospital or unit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. TIBERI: 
H.R. 1907. A bill to reauthorize trade facili-
tation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Homeland Secu-rity, Foreign Affairs, Financial Services, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. S
TIV-
ERS, Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. S EWELL of 
Alabama, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  
of New York, Ms. M OORE , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. K ELLY of 
Illinois, Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. R ANGEL , 
Ms. H AHN, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia, Mr. C LAY, Ms. F UDGE , Ms. 
KAPTUR , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana): 
H.R. 1908. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Housing and Urban Development to discount FHA single-family mortgage insurance pre-mium payments for first-time homebuyers who complete a financial literacy housing counseling program; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself, Mr. 
H
ENSARLING , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. 
THORNBERRY , and Mr. F ARENTHOLD ): 
H.R. 1909. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to use existing authorities to furnish health care at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the De-partment that furnishes the care sought by the veteran; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ: 
H.R. 1910. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to convene a panel to solicit recommendations for and select a portrait of a woman to be used in a redesign of the $20 Federal Reserve note; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. 
I
SRAEL , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. 
JOYCE ): 
H.R. 1911. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to increase certain veteran fu-neral benefits; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. HURT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1912. A bill to exempt smaller public 
companies from requirements relating to the use of Extensible Business Reporting Lan-guage for periodic reporting to the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. JEFFRIES: 
H.R. 1913. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Treasury to develop guidance and proce-dures for the recovery of refunds relating to tax return preparer fraud; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 1914. A bill to terminate certain toll 
authorities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Mr. 
B
RIDENSTINE ): 
H.R. 1915. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Defense to carry out activities relating to the research, development, test, and evalua-tion and procurement of the David’s Sling weapons program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LEVIN: 
H.R. 1916. A bill to reauthorize trade en-
forcement and trade facilitation functions and activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. 
N
OLAN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. H IG-
GINS, and Mr. C ONYERS ): 
H.R. 1917. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 
1974 to establish congressional procedures for the termination of economically harmful free trade agreements, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. S
EN-
SENBRENNER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. O’R OURKE ): 
H.R. 1918. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide for clarification as to the meaning of access without authorization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS (for 
herself and Mr. S CALISE ): 
H.R. 1919. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare ben-eficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself and Mr. 
E
MMER of Minnesota): 
H.R. 1920. A bill to require the Secretary of 
State to provide relevant Foreign Service of-ficers with training related to medical grad-uates in the countries in which such officers are serving, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself and Mr. 
E
MMER of Minnesota): 
H.R. 1921. A bill to facilitate the expedited 
review of applications of aliens applying for admission to the United States under section 101(a)(15)(J) of the Immigration and Nation-
ality Act who are coming to the United States to participate in a program under which they will receive graduate medical education or training, require the Secretary of State to provide relevant Foreign Service officers with training regarding such aliens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 1922. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act with respect to the use of dispersants, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. 
J
OYCE , and Ms. K APTUR ): 
H.R. 1923. A bill to require the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to appoint a coordinator for issues relating to harmful algal blooms in the Great Lakes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SERRANO (for himself, Mr. 
C
ROWLEY , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. V ELA, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Ms. L EE, Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California, Mr. S IRES, Mrs. T ORRES , 
Mr. V EASEY , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. G ARAMENDI ): 
H.R. 1924. A bill to provide for the estab-
lishment of a program by the National Science Foundation to support under-graduate science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education at Hispanic- serving institutions; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. B
AR-
TON, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. B UR-
GESS, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. 
COHEN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. D OLD, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M OORE , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. P AYNE , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S TIV-
ERS, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. W ILSON of Flor-
ida, Mr. Y ODER , Ms. L EE, Mr. H ONDA , 
and Mrs. B USTOS ): 
H.R. 1925. A bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to Dr. Balazs ‘‘Ernie’’ Bodai in recognition of his many outstanding con-tributions to the Nation, including a tireless commitment to breast cancer research; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.J. Res. 46. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States giving Congress power to regu-late campaign contributions for Federal elections; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. RANGEL (for himself and Mr. 
R
OYCE ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21AP7.100 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2355 April 21, 2015 
H. Con. Res. 40. Concurrent resolution en-
couraging reunions of divided Korean Amer-ican families; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. BASS (for herself, Ms. W
ILSON  
of Florida, Mr. C LAY, Mr. R USH, Mr. 
MEEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
ENGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. S MITH of 
New Jersey, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California, Ms. M OORE , Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. C LAW-
SONof Florida): 
H. Res. 213. A resolution condemning the 
April 2015 terrorist attack at the Garissa University College in Garissa, Kenya, and re-affirming the United States support for the people and Government of Kenya, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. 
E
LLISON , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
GALLEGO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. H AHN, Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. 
POLIS, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
CLAY, and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia): 
H. Res. 214. A resolution supporting efforts 
to ensure that students have access to debt- free higher education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H. Res. 215. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that any comprehensive plan to reform our na-tional energy policy must promote the sus-tainable use of renewable and alternative en-ergy sources; increase our domestic refining capacity; promote conservation and in-creased energy efficiency; expand research and development, including domestic on-shore and offshore exploration; and enhance consumer education; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H. Res. 216. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of September 2015 as ‘‘Na-tional Campus Sexual Assault Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia: 
H. Res. 217. A resolution honoring the life 
and accomplishments of Henry Thomas Segerstrom and expressing condolences on his passing; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-
self, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, and Mr. 
RYANof Wisconsin): 
H. Res. 218. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the conditions for the United States be-coming a signatory to any international agreement on greenhouse gas emissions under the United Nations Framework Con-
vention on Climate Change; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
14. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the House of Representatives of the State of New Mexico, relative to House Memorial No. 119, recognizing and commending the long- standing traditions of tolerance and inclu-sion in Azerbaijan; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 1897. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Con-
stitution states, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Terri-tory or other Property belonging to the United States . . .’’ 
By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas: 
H.R. 1898. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE: 
H.R. 1899. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE: 
H.R. 1900. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. MARCHANT: 
H.R. 1901. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Constitution Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 1, under 
the ‘‘Power To lay and collect Taxes’’; 
Amd. 16, under the ‘‘power to lay and col-
lect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration’’; and 
Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 18, under the power to ‘‘To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. POCAN: 
H.R. 1902. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-
ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 1903. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 1904. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 1905. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1906. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; and includ-
ing, but not solely limited to Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 14. 
By Mr. TIBERI: 
H.R. 1907. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mrs. BEATTY: 
H.R. 1908. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. CULBERSON: 
H.R. 1909. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States of America. 
By Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ: 
H.R. 1910. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 6, Con-
gress has the authority to coin money, regu-late the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights and meas-ures. 
By Mr. HUNTER: 
H.R. 1911. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for the carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. HURT of Virginia: 
H.R. 1912. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. JEFFRIES: 
H.R. 1913. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Sixteenth Amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17 of the Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21AP7.100 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2356 April 21, 2015 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 1914. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. KILMER: 
H.R. 1915. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. LEVIN: 
H.R. 1916. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect duties and to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, as enumerated in Arti-cle I, Section 8. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
H.R. 1917. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 permitting 
Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign nations. 
By Ms. LOFGREN: 
H.R. 1918. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H.R. 1919. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority in which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through the administration of the Medicare program under Title 18 if the Social Security Act. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 1920. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 1921. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 1922. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clauses 1, 3, and 18. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 1923. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution.’’ 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 1924. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 1925. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.J. Res. 46. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article V of the United States Constitution. ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 21: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 25: Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 91: Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L AM-
BORN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C RENSHAW , Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 93: Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 131: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas, and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 167: Mr. R OYCE , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, and 
Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 232: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Ms. K USTER , and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 235: Mr. M OOLENAAR and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 258: Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 270: Mr. J ONES and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 271: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 343: Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. 
JONES . 
H.R. 402: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 430: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 432: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 448: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas and Mr. 
SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 456: Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 484: Mr. B ERAand Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 509: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 526: Mr. T ROTT and Mr. F RANKS of Ari-
zona. 
H.R. 528: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 531: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 551: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. L OFGREN , and 
Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 588: Mr. B ERAand Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 590: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 592: Ms. L EEand Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 600: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 602: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 606: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 610: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 649: Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 662: Mr. C ONAWAY and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 697: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 721: Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. K LINE, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, 
and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 732: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 735: Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 738: Ms. L EE, Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. 
CONYERS . 
H.R. 745: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 748: Mr. C LEAVER and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 767: Ms. K USTER , Mr. C HABOT , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. 
WALDEN , Mr. C LAY, and Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 771: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 775: Ms. E STYand Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 776: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 812: Mr. R EICHERT . 
H.R. 817: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 821: Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 825: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 839: Mr. N EAL, Mr. T URNER , Ms. K ELLY  
of Illinois, and Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 842: Ms. D EGETTE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
BRIDENATINE , and Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 849: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 855: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 863: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 881: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 885: Mr. P ALLONE . 
H.R. 887: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 912: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 927: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 928: Mr. Z ELDIN and Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida. H.R. 932: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 953: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 963: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 970: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 971: Mr. N UGENT and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 972: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 980: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. R ICHMOND , 
and Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 985: Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. C UMMINGS , and 
Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 986: Mr. R ATCLIFFE and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 997: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. F INCHER , 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 999: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska and Mr. 
ADERHOLT . 
H.R. 1002: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 1016: Mrs. B LACKBURN and Mr. C OFF-
MAN. 
H.R. 1019: Mr. L ONG, Mr. R USH, Mr. M CNER-
NEY, and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1048: Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 1057: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mrs. N OEM, 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. R US-
SELL, and Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 1063: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. N UNES , and 
Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. 
H.R. 1086: Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. H URTof Vir-
ginia, Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 1089: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico, Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 1090: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
DOLD. 
H.R. 1096: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. C RENSHAW , 
Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1111: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 1117: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1120: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1141: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1147: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1150: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. 
BABIN. 
H.R. 1170: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 1171: Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. H ECK 
of Nevada, and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 1174: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. 
GRAVES of Georgia. 
H.R. 1190: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1192: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. R OGERS of Ken-
tucky, Mr. T URNER , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. P AYNE , Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN , and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1199: Mr. K LINE and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1210: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mrs. 
NOEM. 
H.R. 1211: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. M ATSUI , and 
Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa, Mr. P OCAN , and Mrs. M ILLER of Michi-
gan. 
H.R. 1233: Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mr. P ETERSON , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. H AR-
PER, and Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1234: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1249: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. D OLD, Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1261: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 1263: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 1269: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 1275: Ms. P INGREE , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. L EE, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. F ARR, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and 
Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1276: Mr. F ARR, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. Pierluisi, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.026 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2357 April 21, 2015 
H.R. 1277: Mr. K EATING , Ms. P INGREE , and 
Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1278: Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1288: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, and Mr. B RADY of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 1298: Mr. B UCHANAN . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York, and Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B UCHANAN , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , and Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 1331: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1338: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. O LSON , Mrs. M IL-
LERof Michigan, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. M UR-
PHYof Pennsylvania, and Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 1340: Mr. S CHIFF and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1342: Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. G RAVES of Mis-
souri, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. B URGESS , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. P ETERS on. 
H.R. 1349: Mr. M OULTON and Mrs. 
WALORSKI . 
H.R. 1356: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1365: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 1369: Mrs. N OEMand Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 1375: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B RADY of Penn-
sylvania, and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1383: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. T HOMPSON of California and 
Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1387: Ms. S TEFANIK and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 1388: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina 
and Mr. R OGERS of Alabama. 
H.R. 1389: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1399: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
STEWART , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M UR-
PHY of Florida, Mr. W ILSON of South Caro-
lina, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. R OONEY  
of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , and 
Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1416: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 1421: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1424: Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 1464: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . 
H.R. 1466: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 1476: Mr. W ESTERMAN and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 1479: Mr. W HITFIELD and Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 1482: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1486: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1496: Miss R ICEof New York and Ms. 
SINEMA . 
H.R. 1498: Ms. G ABBARD and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1515: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
COOPER , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 1517: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, and Mrs. 
MILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 1572: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 1600: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. 
BARLETTA . 
H.R. 1602: Mr. E LLISON and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1607: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. J ONES , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 1614: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C OLE, Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mrs. N OEM, 
Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. P RICE of North Caro-
lina. 
H.R. 1616: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 1618: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 1621: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1627: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 1635 Mr. B UCKand Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 1636: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 1650: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 1654: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 1658: Mr. H ILLand Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 1664: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 1674: Ms. E DWARDS and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1680: Mr. W ALKER and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 1684: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. 
CHABOT . 
H.R. 1688: Mr. J ONES , Miss Rice of New 
York, and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1706: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 1713: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. 
SERRANO . 
H.R. 1714: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1718: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
WILLIAMS . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. G IBBS, Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
JOYCE , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. T IP-
TON, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 1739: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 1740: Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 1764: Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. 
Zeldin. 
H.R. 1779: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 1814: Mrs. C APPS and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 1846: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1854: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 1860: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 1861: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1862: Mr. R ICHMOND . H.R. 1863: Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 1866: Ms. S INEMA and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 1886: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 1887: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.J. Res. 43: Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. 
MESSER . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. U PTON , and Mr. B UCHANAN . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Ms. M OORE . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M ACARTHUR , 
Mr. L UCAS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. P ALLONE , 
and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H. Res. 15: Mr. C APUANO . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER and Mr. 
COSTA . 
H. Res. 56: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. M ARINO , and 
Mr. C HABOT . 
H. Res. 102: Mr. P ETERS . 
H. Res. 111: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
ROTHFUS , and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. H ECKof Nevada and Mr. 
GOODLATTE . 
H. Res. 130: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H. Res. 154: Mr. B UCK. 
H. Res. 179: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H. Res. 181: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H. Res. 208: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. C OOPER . 
H. Res. 210: Mr. C HABOT . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative N UNES , or a designee, to H.R. 
1560, Protecting Cyber Networks Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative M
CCAUL, or a designee, to H.R. 
1731, National Cybersecurity Protection Ad-vancement Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 707: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP7.031 H21APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2281 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2015 No. 58 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable T OM 
COTTON , a Senator from the State of 
Arkansas. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Our Father in Heaven, Your grace 
continues to sustain us in times of mis-fortune or prosperity. We are grateful for Your loving purposes that contin-ually crown our years with goodness. Today, enable our lawmakers to see with faith’s eyes each blessing that comes disguised as adversity and each temptation that hides beneath the mask of prosperity. Make them grate-ful for disasters averted and advance-ments made. Lord, let Your love touch our world because of their labors as You make them ambassadors of Your purposes. Protect our Senators and teach them Your paths. Prosper the work of their hands as You keep them from stumbling or slipping. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , 
Washington, DC, April 21, 2015. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T OMCOTTON , a Sen-
ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. COTTON thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
President Obama recently proclaimed this to be National Crime Victims’ Rights Week, a stark reminder of the countless victims of modern slavery who continue to suffer horrifying ex-ploitation at the hands of human traf-fickers, a stark reminder of the need to pass the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act. 
It is a bill that victims groups and 
advocates call ‘‘the most comprehen-sive and thoughtful piece of anti-traf-ficking legislation currently pending.’’ It provides unprecedented support to domestic victims of trafficking who are all too often invisible and underserved. This group further said: ‘‘As leaders in the anti-trafficking, anti-violence, child welfare, civil rights, runaway and homeless youth, and human rights movements, we urge Congress to pass this critical piece of legislation.’’ 
There have been good-faith negotia-
tions to resolve the impasse that has prevented the Senate from moving for-ward on this bill. I am glad that we can now say there is a bipartisan proposal that would allow us to complete action on this important legislation so we can provide help to the victims who des-perately need it. 
As soon as we finish the trafficking 
bill, as I have indicated for some time now, we will move to the President’s 
nominee for Attorney General—hope-fully, in the next day or so. 
I particularly want to thank the sen-
ior Senator from Texas for leading these negotiations and for his contin-ued diligence on this important issue. There is really no stronger advocate for victims of human trafficking than Senator C
ORNYN . 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, after weeks 
of stalling a bipartisan human traf-ficking bill, our Republican colleagues have now agreed not to expand the scope of the Hyde language. Democrats and Republicans have come to an agreement on a path forward out of this pointless contrived fight. 
It also rejects an expansion of the 
Hyde language to any taxpayer dollars where it did not apply before. This is really good news. I thank the senior Senator from Washington, P
ATTY MUR-
RAY, for the work she put into 
brokering this compromise. But I have to say and throw a bouquet to A
MY 
KLOBUCHAR , who has worked so hard on 
this for weeks and weeks. She has been very relentless in working toward an agreement on this. 
She has worked consistently to ar-
rive at the conclusion that we have ar-rived at. I express my appreciation to Senator L
EAHY on the Judiciary Com-
mittee, who has been available for us at any given time to help us work through these issues. 
It was not easy, but their efforts—the 
Senators I have mentioned—have been extremely important to fight human trafficking, which is really very, very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.000 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2282 April 21, 2015 
important for us to do. But we also re-
jected efforts to further obstruct a woman’s access to services they de-serve and need and which we believe are within the law. 
I also want to say something about 
Senator C
ORNYN . J OHN CORNYN —I 
talked to him Thursday. We thought we had something worked out. He has been very reasonable in helping us ar-rive at a conclusion to this. I express my appreciation to him publicly for that. This compromise is evidence that when Democrats and Republicans sit down together and work toward a solu-tion, good things can happen. The Sen-ate needs more of this. 
But let’s hope that post-agreement 
amendments do not ruin the agreement that we have reached. Each side is going to have to be cautious in what they offer, because any one of those amendments, as we know, can cause a minifilibuster or a maxifilibuster, ac-cording to how you look at it. 
We do not need to get involved in 
that. We need to move forward on this legislation. We are going to have op-portunities on other matters to offer amendments. I think we better be very, very careful on amendments that are offered. I say to my Republican col-leagues: Be very careful that you do not destroy this human trafficking leg-islation that is so important. You can do it with—I have looked at some of the amendments that are being talked about being offered. 
My Senators are not going to sit 
back like shrinking violets and let this stuff go forward without responding by action that will also cause some dif-ficult votes for my Republican col-leagues. So let’s get rid of this quickly. Let’s get Loretta Lynch confirmed quickly and move on to other matters. 
f 
EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, on another 
subject, it is extremely difficult to compare one Congress to another. Each Congress is unique—changing times, shifting issues, and new administra-tions with which to work. But one manner of gauging the success of a Congress is simply to tally the number of Presidential nominees who have been confirmed. After all, offering its advice and consent on nominees is the Senate’s constitutional duty. 
If we were to use confirmations as a 
measuring stick, by all accounts the majority leader and Senate Repub-licans are failing in a spectacular fash-ion. So far this year, the Senate has confirmed 21 nominees—4 months, 21 nominees. It is unheard of to have such a small, small number. If that trend continues, the Republican-led Congress will confirm 63 nominees this year, 2015. 
By contrast, in 2007, my first year as 
majority leader under the Bush admin-istration, the Senate confirmed 276 ex-ecutive and judicial nominees. It did not matter that Democrats were work-ing with a Republican administration. My disagreements with President 
George W. Bush have been well docu-mented. That is an understatement. 
But I worked with him on nomina-
tions because Democrats knew—and I knew—that it was only fair to give the President the team he needed to lead the country. Doesn’t President Obama deserve the same? Of course he does. In 2007, each Democratic committee chair worked to move President Bush’s nominees through committees and the Senate floor in a reasonable amount of time. 
Yet we are seeing the opposite from 
Republican chairmen this year. They are refusing even to do hearings. Of course, if there are no hearings, there will be no nominations. In fact, Repub-licans have committed to holding up as many of the President’s nominees as possible. 
Here is what one senior Republican 
Senator said in the last few days: ‘‘I told them: You jam [nominees] through, it’s going to be a long time before I approve of them.’’ 
What I say to that is that if this is a 
tantrum that the Republicans are hav-ing for changing the Senate rules, as we were forced to do, then revenge is not an effective way to govern. If it really is the case that Republicans loathe the changes to the Senate rules, why do they not do something about it? We are 4 months into this Congress, and the majority leader had ample op-portunity—which he has had—to undo the changes we made. So change them if you do not like them. 
It is clear the Republican plan for 
payback centers on allowing consider-ation of Presidential nominations to a trickle. Throwing a tantrum is not what the American people expect from their leaders. It is not fair to the Presi-dent or the American people who elect-ed him or the dedicated public servants who want to serve our country. 
Ten years ago a young Senator from 
Texas said: ‘‘I would hope no one in this body would feel it necessary to bring all the leftover angst of the cam-paign season to bear against a bright and honorable nominee.’’ Yet this is what the senior Senator from Texas and his party are doing today—doing exactly what he said should not be done. 
America continues to look on in dis-
belief as Republicans delay Loretta Lynch’s confirmation because they can. This is outrageous. One only needs to look at the CNN poll today to find out that the work done by the Repub-lican Senate has been an absolute flop. So I certainly hope this is not what we are to expect during the duration of President Obama’s term. I hope my Re-publican colleagues will demonstrate leadership and move the President’s nominees. 
Again, look at the CNN poll, I say to 
my Republican colleagues. It is a dis-aster for you. It is not only fair to 
move forward on President Obama’s nominations, but it is a sworn duty Re-publicans have as Members of the Sen-ate. RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally di-vided, with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats con-trolling the final half. 
The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak in morn-ing business for 1 minute. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
Mrs. MURRAY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senator from Minnesota be given 1 minute in morning business prior to the Republican time. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, from 
the very beginning of this discussion on the trafficking bill and the under-lying issue, Members on both sides of the aisle agreed that we need to get this bill back on track as the bipar-tisan effort it should be, because, with-out question, survivors of trafficking deserve our support. 
Senator K
LOBUCHAR has done an 
amazing job in getting us to this point to get this bill done. I am pleased that we were able to reach a deal that now gets this done in a way that does not expand restrictions on women’s health to nontaxpayer dollars or to new pro-grams and provides survivors with real, dedicated funds for the support and services they need. 
No compromise is perfect. I am sure 
that Senator C
ORNYN would say the 
same thing. I believe there is more we can and must do when it comes to strengthening women’s access to qual-ity health care. But I am very pleased that Senator C
ORNYN and I, along with 
a number of other Senators on our side, including Senator K
LOBUCHAR , were 
able to work together in a bipartisan way to get this done. 
I want to thank him and all his col-
leagues for their work to get us to this point. I hope we can now get this legis-lation passed very quickly for sur-vivors and move on to continue work-ing together on the many challenges our country faces. 
I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from Minnesota. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
am very happy today that we have reached an agreement. I want to thank 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.001 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2283 April 21, 2015 
Senator M URRAY for her leadership, 
and Senator R EID, Senator M CCONNELL , 
and Senator C ORNYN . The two of us 
have worked on this issue for years. Fi-nally, we are going to be able to move these really important bills forward. 
What this compromise does is really 
set up two funds. The first uses Senator C
ORNYN ’s fund, which is fees on per-
petrators, and it uses that for things such as shelters and law enforcement, things that we had envisioned would be used for people to combat sex traf-ficking. The second fund is a medical fund. It is really based on the same principle that we used with the SGR fund that we just voted on. 
That bill passed 92 to 8. The fund will 
receive a minimum of $5 million and would be matched up to $30 million, as funding in the Cornyn fund goes up. It really is a parallel fund but serving the exact same purpose. 
This is the way we were able to 
eliminate extraneous provisions but still keep the spirit of this really im-portant bill and allow us to move on to my bill, the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act, which really is about not prosecuting kids under 18. There was huge bipartisan support over in the House. It passed unanimously through the Judiciary Committee and will be one of the amendments to this bill. 
Again, I want to thank Senator M
UR-
RAYfor her leadership. We have been a 
team on this. We have been able to work with Senator C
ORNYN and our 
friends across the aisle to get this done. It is also time—I will end by say-ing—to confirm the next Attorney Gen-eral of the United States, Loretta Lynch. 
I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from South Dakota. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I am 
pleased as well to hear that we have an agreement on the human trafficking legislation. It is something that should be above politics. Unfortunately, any-thing around here, it seems, gets sucked into politics from time to time, but it is important that we get an agreement that will allow us to ad-vance this legislation. 
f 
THE FIRST 100 DAYS OF THE 
REPUBLICAN-LED SENATE 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to hear of yet another accom-plishment that has happened in the Senate since we have gotten things opened up and functioning again. 
I wish to say that last year when Re-
publicans were running for office, we promised that if we were reelected, we would get Washington working again for American families. That wasn’t a campaign slogan; that was a commit-ment. 
I am proud to report that after 100 
days in office, Republicans are making significant progress. To start, Repub-licans have the Senate functioning again on a basic level. 
From an operations standpoint day 
to day, over the past few years when the Democrats controlled the law-
making process in the Senate, it large-ly ground to a halt. Instead of bills being drafted in committee and then brought to the floor for open debate and amendment, bills were crafted be-hind closed doors. Members in the mi-nority party were shut out of the proc-ess, and so were many rank-and-file Democrats. Last year, Democratic leadership allowed a total of 15 amend-ment votes—slightly over 1 amendment vote per month in the world’s greatest deliberative body, known for unlimited amendment and unlimited debate. Con-trast that with the first 100 days under Republican control. In the first 3
1⁄2 
months of the 114th Congress, the Re-publican-led Senate has held more than 100 amendment rollcall votes. More than half of those votes have been on Democratic amendments. 
When you shut one party out of the 
legislative process in the Senate, you shut out the voices of millions of Americans. Republicans experienced that under Democratic control, and we were determined to make sure things were different this year. 
Since Republicans took control of 
the Senate, Members of both parties have had the opportunity to make their voices heard, and we are seeing a lot more bipartisan legislation as a re-sult. In the past 3
1⁄2months, the Repub-
lican-led Senate has approved 12 bipar-tisan bills. We have passed bipartisan legislation to approve the Keystone Pipeline. We have passed a bipartisan bill to prevent suicides among vet-erans. We have passed a bipartisan re-authorization of the Terrorism Risk In-surance Program and a bipartisan bill to provide restitution for victims of child pornography. Last week, we passed the first significant bipartisan reform of Medicare in years. 
Mr. President, last week also brought 
the announcement of a new bipartisan agreement, a bill to reauthorize trade promotion authority. 
With 96 percent of the world’s popu-
lation and consumers outside the bor-ders of the United States, trade is es-sential to economic growth. 
Since 2009, increasing exports have 
accounted for more than 1.6 million new jobs in the United States. Manu-facturing jobs that depend on exports pay on average 13 percent to 18 percent more. 
U.S. farmers, ranchers, and manufac-
turers rely on access to foreign mar-kets. In my home State of South Da-kota alone, exports support more than 15,000 jobs in industries ranging from farming and ranching to machinery and electronics. Farmers and ranchers in South Dakota, where agriculture is the No. 1 industry, depend on exports for a substantial part of their income. Exports of major South Dakota crops, such as soybeans and corn, have soared over the past few years. In fact, in 2013, total agricultural exports from South Dakota totaled $3.8 billion. 
Previous free- and fair-trade agree-
ments have been a boon to America’s farmers, ranchers, and workers. In 2013, 
countries with which our Nation has free-trade agreements purchased 12 times more goods per capita from the United States than non-free-trade agreement countries. 
Since 1934, almost all of the U.S free- 
trade agreements have been negotiated using trade promotion authority or a similar streamlined process. Trade pro-motion authority is designed to put the United States in the strongest possible position when negotiating trade agree-ments. 
Under TPA, Congress sets guidelines 
for trade negotiations and outlines the priorities the administration must fol-low. In return, Congress promises a simple up-or-down vote on the result-ing trade agreement instead of a long amendment process that could leave the final deal looking nothing like the original one. That simple up-or-down vote is the key: It lets our negotiating partners know that Congress and trade negotiators are on the same page when it comes to the content of trade agree-ments, which gives other countries the confidence they need to put their best offers on the table. That, in turn, al-lows for a successful and timely con-clusion of negotiations. 
Currently, the administration is ne-
gotiating two major trade agreements that have the potential to vastly ex-pand the market for American goods and services in the EU and in the Pa-cific. 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is 
being negotiated with a number of Asia-Pacific nations, including Aus-tralia, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, and currently Vietnam. Currently, American goods face heavy tariffs in many of these countries. Tariffs on consumer goods in Trans-Pacific Part-nership countries reach as high as 85 percent, while tariffs on agricultural products range even higher. Poultry tariffs in Trans-Pacific Partnership countries, for example, go up to 240 percent. That is a tremendous burden on American producers. 
American farmers, ranchers, manu-
facturers, and consumers would all benefit from the conclusion of the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement and the United States-European Union trade agreement. These trade deals re-move many of the barriers currently facing U.S. products in these regions, which would allow American goods to compete on a level playing field with their foreign counterparts. Reauthor-izing trade promotion authority is es-sential to bringing these two agree-ments to a successful and timely con-
clusion. 
The bipartisan trade promotion au-
thority bill that was introduced last week by the senior Senators from Utah and Oregon reauthorizes this key tool and includes a number of important up-dates, such as provisions to strengthen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.003 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2284 April 21, 2015 
transparency of the negotiating proc-
ess and ensure that the American peo-ple stay informed. It also contains pro-visions I pushed for to require nego-tiators to ensure that trade agree-ments protect digital trade as well as trade in physical goods and services. With the importance of digital trade in the 21st-century economy, it is essen-tial that any new trade promotion re-authorization include new guidelines specifically targeted at digital trade. I previously introduced legislation to help ensure that the free flow of digital goods and services is protected, and I am pleased that the bipartisan deal that was reached includes many of the measures I have advocated. 
The best way to solve the challenges 
facing our Nation is for Democrats and Republicans to come together to de-velop solutions. We have done a lot of that so far in the Republican-led Sen-ate, and I look forward to doing a lot more of it. 
I hope those Democrats who have op-
posed trade promotion authority in the past will join the White House and Sen-ate Republicans to pass this important bill for American workers and busi-nesses and make the TPA reauthoriza-tion our next bipartisan achievement. 
Mr. President, I wish to add that we 
also have a bill that would require Con-gress to approve any nuclear arms agreement with Iran—also a very big bipartisan bill, as it was reported out of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. 
These are things which can be accom-
plishments for the American people. It starts with getting the Senate func-tioning and operating again, where people have the opportunity to come to the floor and debate these issues, to offer amendments, and to get those amendments voted on. That is what our commitment has been in the Sen-ate. I argue—and I think the record bears this out—that it is making a very consequential difference in terms of the things we are able to get done for the American people. I certainly hope we can continue that pattern. 
I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from Louisiana. 
f 
STEVE GLEASON ACT 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I rise in 
strong support of S. 984, the Steve Gleason Act, to help thousands of vic-tims of ALS and other related diseases all across the United States. 
This bipartisan, straightforward bill 
would give immediate relief to those folks with ALS, or Lou Gehrig’s dis-ease, who are facing significant prob-lems accessing necessary medical equipment as a result of three recent changes in Medicare that prohibit ac-cess on every level. 
It is important to note that this 
wasn’t a problem until the administra-tion governing Medicare made it a problem a few months ago. They af-firmatively changed policy, changed rules, and created these significant ac-
cess problems. We are talking about devices that are critical for patients who have lost their ability to speak, to communicate directly with friends, families, doctors, to call 911 in case of emergency, to write letters to loved ones. These devices allow these pa-tients to speak and communicate in light of their loss of voice and other functions. 
This issue was first brought before 
Congress last year when thousands of patients, patient advocates, and device manufacturers brought to our atten-tion the devastating consequences of this new Medicare policy. Patients were actually having their devices taken away. Many were not allowed to own their devices or were not per-mitted to unlock their devices in order to use all of the technological func-tions, all of which continue to be prob-lems and to prevent patients from lead-ing much more independent lives. As a result, Members on both sides of the aisle wrote a letter with more than 220 Members advocating on behalf of this patient population to reverse the Medi-care administration decision. 
The Senate has that same oppor-
tunity for bipartisanship today, to sup-port this legislation on a strong bipar-tisan basis. In that spirit, I thank Sen-ator K
LOBUCHAR of Minnesota and Sen-
ator K INGof Maine, who have been 
completely supportive and aggressive in getting this bill to the finish line. They understand the importance of putting patients first and fixing this extremely misguided and harmful Medicare regulation that has had a truly devastating impact on the lives of ALS patients, as well as stroke vic-tims and other folks facing significant paralysis. 
On Tuesday evening, before the Sen-
ate overwhelmingly passed a perma-nent doc fix, the Senator from Oregon and I reached an agreement that he would run the hotline on this legisla-tion, the Steve Gleason Act, and pass this bill for our constituents. That is what we are working on today, and that is what I absolutely hope to com-plete today to get this necessary, im-portant, bipartisan language across the finish line. 
Of course, the ALS Association, a na-
tional network group, is completely supportive. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a 
letter dated January 27, 2015, on this topic from the ALS Association. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JANUARY 27, 2015. 
Hon. C ATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS , 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. D
AVID VITTER , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EARREPRESENTATIVE MCMORRIS RODGERS  
ANDSENATOR VITTER : I am writing on behalf 
of The ALS Association to express our strong support for your legislation that would help preserve access to speech gener-
ating devices (SGDs) and accessories such as eye tracking technology that are needed to access SGDs by people with ALS who have lost mobility. The Association applauds your leadership on these critically important issues and is committed to continuing to work with you to enact this legislation as soon as possible. 
As you know, the Centers for Medicare and 
Medicaid Services (CMS) has taken a number of different actions that limit the ability of people with ALS to access SGDs and eye tracking technology. This includes: issuing a ‘‘coverage reminder’’ that would have pro-hibited coverage for SGDs that include non- speech technology such as email, internet access and environmental controls; routine denials of coverage for eye tracking; and im-plementing a ‘‘capped rental’’ payment sys-tem that requires people with ALS to first rent SGDs for a period of 13 months before owning the device. These policies have cre-ated significant problems for people with ALS who rely on SGDs for all of their com-munications needs. For example, under capped rental if a person is admitted to hos-pice, a hospital or a nursing facility during the rental period, Medicare payment for the SGD will cease. Moreover, capped rental also prohibits a person with ALS from upgrading their SGD during the rental period, which means they are not able to access email, the internet and environmental controls that are so critical to the day-to-day lives of people with ALS. 
The Association strongly supported your 
efforts and those of nearly 200 of your col-leagues who wrote to CMS expressing con-cern about these issues last year and we have worked with CMS and other stakeholders on these issues as well. We are grateful that CMS did take action to rescind the coverage reminder and initiate the process of revising the National Coverage Determination for SGDs. However, we do not anticipate that process to be completed until late July 2015 and it may not address the problems created 
by capped rental or denials of coverage for eye tracking. In short, these policies are having a significant negative impact on the lives of people living with ALS today and there is an urgent need to take action now. People with ALS, who have been robbed of the ability to speak and who will lose their life to ALS in an average of just two to five years, simply do not have time to wait. 
Your legislation is a responsible approach 
to address an immediate problem and would help ensure the Medicare program meets the needs of the people it was created to serve. By restoring a person’s ability to purchase an SGD and ensuring coverage for eye track-ing technologies, your legislation will enable people with ALS to access the SGDs they need when and where they need them and en-sure they also have access to the tech-nologies that are so vital to living with this disease. We look forward to continuing to work with you in support of people with ALS. 
Thank you again for your efforts to cham-
pion these critical issues and help ensure Medicare policies do not take away the voice of people with ALS. 
Sincerely, 
S
TEVE GIBSON , 
Chief Mission Strategy and Public Policy 
Officer, The ALS Association. 
Mr. VITTER. The association has 
reached out to members all across the country and put in very concrete terms what this means to their members. 
I wish to give one brief but very mov-
ing and significant example. It happens to be a woman from Oregon, the State of the ranking member of the com-mittee. She was diagnosed with ALS in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.005 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2285 April 21, 2015 
January 2014. Her disease, unfortu-
nately, has progressed rapidly. She is now close to fully paralyzed and has very limited use of her arms and hands, requiring loved ones to be with her at all times. Her respiratory system is also affected. She is struggling with the life-or-death decision of whether to have a tracheotomy procedure and go to mechanical ventilation or to enroll in hospice and essentially prepare to die. Her preference is to continue liv-ing, as she still enjoys life. 
One important factor in the decision 
for her is that being able to commu-nicate is a tremendous concern. While she still has some vocal ability to speak and to be understood currently, she knows that going on the vent will be the end of her spoken voice and her ability to vocalize, and she is very wor-ried that if she decides to go on a vent and prolong her life, she may lose the ability to communicate with the out-side world because of the changes in Medicare policy that prevent her from accessing email and Internet via this technology we are talking about. She is also very concerned that Medicare will deny coverage for the eye-tracking technology she will need in order to use the SGD—this significant tech-nology we are talking about. 
So, bottom line, she is worried that if 
she decides to continue living using mechanical ventilation, she will face the prospect of being locked up and having no means to communicate to help direct her care. Because of the limitations of SGD coverage, she may actually choose dying over living, be-cause of that factor. It doesn’t get more direct than that. It doesn’t get more stark than that as to why we need to give these patients access to important communication technology through the Steve Gleason Act and why we need to act today, why we can-not delay this any longer. 
Of course, Steve Gleason, for whom 
this act is named, is a superb advocate for the ALS community. He is the former New Orleans Saints player who famously blocked a punt in the Saints’ first game back in the Superdome after Hurricane Katrina. After that tremen-dous feat and his NFL career, Steve was diagnosed with ALS. Just as he gave the city of New Orleans hope to rebuild after the devastating storm, through his organization Team Glea-son, he gives the ALS community and their families hope with his ‘‘No White Flags’’ message. 
Steve was my guest at the State of 
the Union speech this past January, and during his visit to Washington, we met with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Sylvia Burwell, and started to gain huge momentum for the Steve Gleason Act. 
This bill again reinstates long-stand-
ing Medicare policy—Medicare policy that was solid and true to these pa-tients until recently—to offer imme-diate relief for patients experiencing incredible difficulty accessing this im-portant technology and equipment. The act expands access to advance-
ments in technology in a fiscally re-sponsible way. 
Michelle Gleason, Steve’s wife, 
summed up the story of ALS patients and their loved ones this way: 
What causes me the most pain is the loss 
of his voice. I love hearing his voice. I want him to talk to me, and to our son Rivers. This disease takes his body; to take his voice just seems unfair. 
We can offer a voice. It may not be 
the same voice but a voice for these struggling patients. This was their life-line. This was due them until recently, and now it is not because of this Medi-care change. 
I urge all of my colleagues to come 
together around this piece of bipar-tisan legislation. Let’s pass this today and give a voice—a real voice, a mean-ingful voice—to these struggling vic-tims. 
Mr. President, this will become law 
because we have assurances from House leadership that they are eager to bring the bill to the House floor. They are eager to finish this important work to change the lives of patients across the country by giving them back their voice. So I urge us to come together to do this today, to not delay, to not wait longer, and to reinstate the voice for ALS patients struggling in this way all around the country. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
COTT). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
(The remarks of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1027 and S. 1023 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Intro-
duced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, we are 
in morning business? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. There is 5
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it has 
been 165 days—51⁄2months—since the 
nomination of Loretta Lynch to be At-torney General was announced. Ms. Lynch has been pending on the Senate Executive Calendar for nearly 2 months. She was reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee in a bi-
partisan vote—nine Democrats and three Republicans—on February 26. This is a new record, sadly, in terms of delay in appointing an Attorney Gen-eral. The last seven nominees to be At-torney General of the United States combined—combined—waited on the Senate floor 24 days—seven nominees, 24 days. 
Sadly, Ms. Lynch has now been wait-
ing over 50 days. Why? What is it about this nominee that causes so much of a problem? Nothing came up at the Judi-ciary Committee hearing to suggest a problem. Yes, she was appointed by Barack Obama. Yes, she has said she will serve this President. But when it came to her personally, there was 
nothing. In fact, we have this tradition that after the nominee has testified under oath, then experts are brought in. Each party can bring an expert in to testify for or against the Attorney General nominee. Senator P
ATRICK  
LEAHY , the ranking Democrat on Judi-
ciary, said to the assembled group—I think there may have been 10 or 12 of these outside witnesses: Which of you, by show of hands, objects to the nomi-nation of Loretta Lynch for Attorney General? Not a single one raised his hand—none. So even the witnesses that were brought to speak in negative terms all conceded that she should be Attorney General. 
That is rare. It is rare to have a 
nominee with that kind of affirmation come out of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee—and for good reason. When you look at her record, you can understand why. This young woman has an ex-traordinary record of service. She grew up in North Carolina as the daughter of a minister and a school librarian. Her dad was there at her hearing. Her fa-ther was smiling as she recalled those instances when she was a very young girl, and he would sit her on his shoul-ders and take her to see the civil rights events that occurred when she was so young. 
She received her undergraduate and 
law degrees from Harvard University. She has private sector experience at prestigious law firms. She has twice been confirmed unanimously by the Senate to serve as U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York. She served in that position with distinc-tion. 
Her nomination has been endorsed by 
a wide range of groups, representing law enforcement, prosecutors, bar asso-ciations, business leaders, civil rights organizations, and former Justice De-partment officials from both Demo-cratic and Republican administrations. In what may be one of the most amaz-ing ironies of this whole situation, Lo-retta Lynch has been recognized as a leader when it comes to prosecuting human traffickers. Why is that signifi-cant? Because the Republican leader announced that he was holding up her nomination until we passed a bill on human trafficking. 
Here is a woman who, as a prosecutor 
and professional, has prosecuted the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Apr 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.007 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2286 April 21, 2015 
people guilty of that crime, and she is 
being delayed in her appointment as Attorney General of the United States of America because of a political de-bate on the floor of the Senate for al-most 4 weeks over this bill. 
Under Ms. Lynch’s leadership, the 
U.S. Attorney’s office in the Eastern District of New York has brought many important prosecutions in human traf-ficking. In United States v. Lopez, three brothers were convicted in 2014 for running a human trafficking ring involving 14- and 15-year-old girls. Ms. Lynch was also involved in the success-ful prosecution of the Granados-Her-nandez sex trafficking ring, in which numerous child trafficking victims were reunited with their mothers. In United States v. Johnson, Ms. Loretta Lynch was involved in a prosecution where a Queens man was convicted for trafficking and prostituting a 15-year- old girl out of his home. 
Make no mistake, when it comes to 
the issue of human trafficking, this nominee for Attorney General knows more about the subject than most, and she has a record to prove it. Malika Saada Saar, the executive director of Rights4Girls, is one of the Nation’s leading antitrafficking advocates. She said: ‘‘It is clear that as the top pros-ecutor in Brooklyn, New York, Lynch has a strong record of being tough on crime and human trafficking.’’ She has been held up on the floor because of our failure to pass a bill on that same sub-ject. 
Here is what the President of the Na-
tional District Attorneys Association, Michael Moore, said about Ms. Loretta Lynch when he wrote to express his or-ganization’s strong support for her: ‘‘As prosecutors facing challenges in the field from violent crime, to human trafficking, to gangs and drug traf-fickers, our membership feels that Ms. Lynch understands the operational na-ture of these challenges and will be a strong independent voice at the helm of the Department.’’ 
Calling a vote on Ms. Lynch and con-
firming her would be a big step forward in the fight against trafficking. It is time to end this delay and obstruction. This extraordinary woman nominated by the President of the United States to be the first African-American woman to serve as Attorney General should have been approved by the Sen-ate long ago. While she has been wait-ing patiently for a long, long time, we have interrupted the business of the Senate to approve the President’s ap-pointments for Assistant Secretary of Transportation, Assistant Secretary of Commerce, Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commissioners, Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board Members, Undersecretary for Manage-ment at the Department of Homeland Security, Chairman of the National In-dian Gaming Commission, and several Federal judges. 
We have had more than adequate op-
portunity to call Ms. Lynch for ap-proval. Let us not leave Washington this week without voting on Loretta 
Lynch to be our next Attorney Gen-eral. I voted for her in committee and will proudly support her nomination in the hopes that it will come to the floor this week. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 178, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 178) to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Cornyn) amendment No. 
1120, to strengthen the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act by incorporating additional bipartisan amendments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
LYNCH NOMINATION  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I realize 
the devil is always in the details. I see the distinguished senior Senator from Texas on the floor and I hope we are getting somewhere on trafficking. 
I appreciate the fact that this body, 
when we were doing the Violence Against Women Act, voted for the anti- sex trafficking amendment I proposed. And the majority of the Senators at the time voted for the final version of the Violence Against Women Act, which included anti-sex trafficking language, and that bill has been signed into law. We should continue on with this bill, which adds to what we did a couple of years ago. But I am con-cerned, as I have said many times, that we have held up Loretta Lynch because of this. I cannot see what the corollary is. 
My friends on the other side of the 
aisle told me, when they had to wait for 3 or 4 days for a Republican nomi-nee on the floor to get confirmed, that it was too long. They would warn us of national security concerns. Well, Lo-retta Lynch has waited on the floor for a vote for 54 days. I want to put this in some context. Attorney General Holder waited 5 days. Attorney General Mukasey waited 2 days. Attorney Gen-eral Gonzales waited 8 days. Attorney General Ashcroft waited 2 days. Attor-ney General Reno waited 1 day. Attor-ney General Barr waited 5 days. Attor-ney General Thornburgh waited 1 day. If we take those seven most recent At-torneys General and take all the time that they waited on the floor and add it all together, it comes to 24 days. Loret-ta Lynch has waited 54 days on the 
floor—more than twice as long as the seven most recent Attorneys General combined. 
Then we still have the Deputy Attor-
ney General nominee, whose back-ground is virtually the same as Loretta Lynch’s. Both are highly respected prosecutors. Both have prosecuted matters involving the issues we are trying to stop here on the floor—ter-rorists, traffickers, and white-collar criminals. Once we are done with Lo-retta Lynch, we have to get her deputy confirmed. I hope both of these highly qualified women are confirmed soon. It has already taken too long. 
These delays create a morale prob-
lem in the Department of Justice—one of our first lines against terrorists and organized crime. We have some superb men and women who work at the De-partment of Justice. Some came during Republican administrations, and some came during Democratic administra-tions. I have met many of these men and women, from both Republican and Democratic administrations, and I am so impressed by them and their dedica-tion. Most of them could leave, go to a law firm, and make a lot more money, but they are dedicated to this country. It is demoralizing to them when we hold the position of Attorney General in limbo. We should stop. The Depart-ment of Justice is something we should, whenever possible, keep poli-tics out of. 
Remember, too, it is not the ‘‘Sec-
retary of Justice,’’ like we have the Secretary of Commerce and the Sec-retary of Agriculture and so on—a member, as some might suggest, of the President’s staff. This is the Attorney General of the United States. They rep-resent you. They represent me. They represent everybody. 
I have often told a story about when 
I was a young law student at George-town. The then-Attorney General in-vited four or five students from dif-ferent law schools to meet. He reviewed our grades, invited us in to actually spend an hour with him and encour-aged us to come work with the Depart-ment of Justice. 
I remember one of the questions I 
asked that Attorney General. I said: If you are Attorney General of the United States and you are asked to prosecute somebody who is close to the Presi-dent, what do you do? 
He said: Well, if they should be pros-
ecuted, they would be treated the same as anybody else, and we would pros-ecute them as such. 
I declined the offer to go work at the 
Department of Justice. I was homesick and wanted to get back to Vermont. Both my wife and I wanted to get back. I wanted to practice law there, which I did, and I actually became a pros-ecutor. But I often thought of what the Attorney General said to me about his role. Subsequently a man in Illinois who was critical to the election of the next President ran afoul of the law and the same Attorney General signed off 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.010 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2287 April 21, 2015 
on his prosecution. When asked by 
some of his staff, ‘‘Well, are you sure you are OK with this?’’ he said, ‘‘He committed a crime. He should be pros-ecuted. Even though I probably won’t go to many family reunions for some time after doing this.’’ This was, of course, Attorney General Robert Ken-nedy, and the man he prosecuted was critical to the election of his brother John Kennedy as President. I always admired that he was willing to do that—that he put his duties as a pros-ecutor first ahead of any political du-ties. I believe Loretta Lynch will do the same. 
Sometimes young law students can 
be very impressionable, but I have never forgotten that time sitting there with Attorney General Kennedy. I have never forgotten how I had to wrestle with the decision to turn down his offer, but it was a family decision and one I have never regretted. I went back to Vermont, and things turned out all right. I have had the privilege of rep-resenting Vermont for over 40 years in this body. But that conversation is something I will always remember. It is one of the reasons I went on to the Judiciary Committee. It is one of the reasons I took, when it was offered to me, the chairmanship of the Com-mittee and it is one of the reasons why I am now ranking member. 
Incidentally, the men and women 
who work there, on both sides of the aisle, are brilliant lawyers, hard-work-ing people. Kristine Lucius is my chief counsel, and I don’t know a better law-yer anywhere than she is or anybody who works harder than she does. 
We have a lot of issues before the Ju-
diciary Committee. Senator G
RASSLEY  
is my friend. We have been friends for over 30 years. I won’t speak for him, but I suspect he would say we have things to get going to. So I hope we are able to get this trafficking matter taken care of and get the Attorney General and Deputy Attorney General confirmed. 
In the last 2 years of President 
Bush’s second term, Democrats had come back into the majority. I wanted to show that we would try to keep par-tisanship out, and as chairman, I had moved 15 of President Bush’s judges through to confirmation by this time in his second term. We moved them far more rapidly than Republicans had to-ward the end of President Clinton’s term. 
I am glad we have been able to con-
firm two judges this Congress. They were both judges from Texas whom I supported. I complimented the two Senators from Texas because of their work in picking candidates who would be judges first and foremost without reference to whatever political back-ground they may have. I hope we can now start doing what we did with President Bush and confirm more. 
Let’s stop making judges political. I 
am afraid that there could be good men and women who will decline the cut in pay and everything else to become a Federal judge if they think they are 
going to have to put their life on hold for 6 months or a year to get there— even more so for key positions such as Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, and others in the Department of Justice. We can fight over political issues but this should be outside of that. 
The distinguished senior Senator 
from Texas was a judge and has a pros-ecutorial background. He and I have worked closely together on a number of issues—the Freedom of Information Act being one of them. And I suspect we will work together on a number of issues to come. Let’s get past this roadblock and onto other things. 
I see him on the floor. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I came 
to the floor to talk about the work in the Senate and particularly the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. But I would say to my colleague and friend, with whom I have worked on so many important issues, that I also look for-ward—once we get past today’s busi-ness—to working together with him on patent reform, criminal justice reform, and also to continue our very produc-tive partnership on open government and transparency, particularly the Freedom of Information Act legisla-tion. 
SAN JACINTO DAY  
Mr. President, before I talk about the 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, I have to note this: It is my responsi-bility, my duty, my honor to note that today is a very important day in Texas. This is San Jacinto Day. For those who do not know what that is, this is the official State holiday that honors Texas independence, where 910 soldiers, led by General Sam Houston, won the decisive battle of the Texas Revolu-tion. 
So it is not the Battle of the Alamo 
that gave Texas its independence. That is the one that people perhaps remem-ber the most. Maybe it is because of the movies and books that have been written about that. Actually, the Bat-tle of the Alamo did not turn out too well. Virtually, everybody was killed. But it gave rise to the opportunity for these 910 men, led by General Sam Houston, on San Jacinto Day, to win the decisive battle of the Texas Revo-lution. Now, almost 180 years later, I think it is only appropriate and fitting that we recognize their bravery and their sacrifices in pursuit of our dream of freedom. 
Mr. President, on the subject of the 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, this has been a strange experience, starting as we did on something that passed unanimously in the Judiciary Committee, with 30 cosponsors on a bi-partisan basis, and all of a sudden to have this legislation stuck here in the Senate. I will not relitigate the reasons for that because, frankly, I think we have now found a way forward for this legislation, as the majority leader, 
Senator M
CCONNELL , and the Demo-
cratic leader, Senator R EID, announced 
this morning. 
It is going to take a little bit more 
work by the Senate. There are perhaps a handful of amendments that we will have an opportunity to vote on. I know there is a desire by everyone for us to finish this trafficking bill as soon as we can, and then we can address the con-cerns that the ranking member from Vermont, Senator L
EAHY , has about 
the Attorney General nomination. 
Senator M CCONNELL has made very 
clear that once we get trafficking re-solved, which it appears we are on a path to doing, then we can turn to the Lynch nomination. I have actually been somewhat surprised and more op-timistic than I have been in a long time about how the Senate is begin-ning to work again, from passing a budget to dealing with the broken doc fix that had been the law of the land since 1997, which had required us to come back and patch—every 6 months to a year—and the reforms that actu-ally were negotiated by Speaker B
OEH-
NER and Leader P ELOSI in the House, 
which we passed by an overwhelming margin here in the Senate. 
Then, consider what happened in the 
Foreign Relations Committee on the Iran sanctions issue with a unanimous vote and the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, with Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M URRAY an-
nouncing an agreement to move for-ward on the reauthorization of early childhood education. 
We have some very good progress 
that is being made on trade, for exam-ple. I just came from the Senate Fi-nance Committee. I think there is a path forward on trade promotion au-thority and consideration of the Trans- Pacific Partnership. 
The truth is that the United States 
has roughly 20 percent of the world’s purchasing power, which means 80 per-cent of the purchasing power in the world lies beyond our borders. We have 5 percent of the world’s population, meaning 95 percent of the world’s popu-lation lies beyond our borders. 
The opportunities we have to grow 
our economy and to help small and me-dium-sized businesses and the people— the middle-class families who work at those businesses—are very exciting. So the point is that after a long period of dysfunction in the Senate, we are starting to see the Senate work again the way it should work, the way it has historically worked—through the com-mittees, to build consensus on legisla-tion that can then come to the floor, and then to have Senators, whether they be in the majority or minority, to offer constructive suggestions about how to solve our Nation’s biggest chal-lenges, and then to work together to send these to the President and get his signature. 
So there are a lot of positive things 
happening in the Senate. I hope for even more positive things to occur in the near future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.013 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2288 April 21, 2015 
I have been focused like a laser for 
some time now on justice for the vic-tims of human trafficking. When I think for a minute about the fact that the typical victim of human traf-ficking is a 12- to 13-year-old girl, who has been sold essentially into sex slav-ery and who has lost control over her life and perhaps, to her mind, to her fu-ture. I cannot think of a more compel-ling need for the Senate than to try to offer a lifeline to these victims of human trafficking. That is what this legislation that hopefully we will act on today—perhaps no later than tomor-row—is designed to do. It creates a fund that could be as high as $30 mil-lion—not from taxes but from fines and 
penalties paid by people who commit sexual offenses and basically rep-resents the demand side of the human trafficking equation. 
We have found a way now, on a bipar-
tisan basis, to move this legislation forward so we can offer a hand to res-cue these victims of human trafficking, so we can give them an opportunity to heal and we can provide them some hope for a better future. 
I know all of us, by virtue of the 
privilege of the office that we serve in, have had stories from constituents about human trafficking. I remember quite clearly Brooke Axtell of Austin, TX, who now works with a number of nonprofits, and has basically turned her tragic story into serving others who have likewise become victims of human trafficking. Brooke’s story is really almost beyond belief. She says that at age 7 she was sexually abused. She was literally held captive in a basement and sold to men who would pay money to have sex with her, a 7- year old child. 
Brooke has brought to light her pain 
and has begun to heal as a result of having been rescued and been given a helping hand. But she has now turned her tragic story into hope by honorably helping others find a way out of a life that she herself experienced. She founded a group called Survivor Heal-ing and Empowerment, which is a heal-ing community of survivors of rape, abuse, and sex trafficking. 
There is another horrific story that I 
have heard—I am sure just as all the Members of the Senate have heard coming from their States, because this is not something isolated in one State. This is a national—indeed, it is an international—phenomenon. Another woman I have had the privilege of meeting with and who has shared her story with me is Melissa Woodward from the Dallas-Fort Worth area. Me-lissa was 12 years old when she was sold into the sex trade by a family mem-ber—unbelievable. Eventually, she was pulled out of school to be trafficked full time when she was in the sixth grade. Her life, as she describes it, be-came a prison. She was literally chained to a bed in a warehouse, she says, and endured regular beatings and obviously, sexual assaults. 
There was even once an attempt to 
set her on fire by one of her abusers. All the while, she says, she was forced 
to serve between 5 and 30 men every day. She said she wished she was dead. 
As heartbreaking as Melissa’s story 
is, just as sad is the way she was treat-ed after she escaped her captors. In one of the big changes in the way we have approached victims of human traf-ficking—at one point we claimed they were the criminal because they had en-gaged in prostitution. But the idea of a child prostitute is an oxymoron. A child cannot consent to a life of pros-titution. 
What we find, in looking at the vic-
tims of human trafficking, is that many of them are manipulated, co-erced, and forced to engage in this sex activity for the economic benefit of their johns or their pimps or their traf-fickers. This is all about money. This is about the face of evil that treats human beings as objects or as things, without the basic dignity and respect which all human beings are entitled to. But as I said, one of the problems with the way we used to treat victims of human trafficking is that we treated them like criminals. That was all too common an outcome for trafficking victims who were labeled as prostitutes and left with very few options but to ultimately return to a nightmare that, sadly, exists in our country. 
That is beginning to change. It needs 
to change even more, which is another reason why we need to pass this bill. This is the kind of legislation that I think in many ways is unique, because it is a nonpartisan piece of legislation. All this legislation is designed to do is to help the victims of human traf-ficking get rescued and then begin to heal and to get on with their lives. It is designed to provide much-needed re-sources for victims of human traf-ficking—plain and simple. It may be nothing more than a safe place to sleep, protected from the people who would continue to abuse them. 
It is designed to help people such as 
Brooke, Melissa, and so many others— the tens of thousands of victims of human trafficking. This legislation would not only provide help for those victims, but it would ensure that chil-dren such as Melissa are treated as vic-tims and not criminals. 
It would also add law enforcement 
tools to help authorities rescue victims and to take down human traffickers and the organized criminal networks who support them. That is an impor-tant point because human trafficking is not a mom-and-pop business. This is run by organized crime and criminal networks, some of them international or transnational. 
I want to thank my colleagues for 
caring—for caring about people such as Melissa and Brooke and the many ex-amples of human trafficking that we have all been introduced to. 
I want to particularly express my 
gratitude for all of our colleagues for working on this and not giving up until we found a pathway toward success. This body’s consideration of this bill has proven that compromise and bipar-
tisanship need not be relics of the past in today’s Washington. They are very much alive and well, particularly when the need is so very great, as it is in this area. So now for the sake of these vic-tims, let’s get this important legisla-tion passed and provide crucial help for the children trapped in modern day slavery. 
I want to just conclude by saying a 
few thank-you’s. I know it is a little 
premature. But we would not have got-ten this far if it were not for the help of organizations such as Rights4Girls, Shared Hope International, Coalition Against Trafficking in Women, the End Child Prostitution and Trafficking or-ganization, the National Association to Protect Children, and members of our staff in the Senate who have worked so hard to get us where we are today. 
I want to express my gratitude to 
Senator K
LOBUCHAR , Senator M URRAY , 
and Senator R EID, on the other side of 
the aisle, who have worked so closely with us, and of course to the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Senator G
RASSLEY , and particularly I want to 
single out the majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL . He said we would not 
move to the nomination for Attorney General of the United States until we get this done. And, indeed, today, I hope and believe that we will get this done, and then we can turn to that nomination. 
But there are others, perhaps too 
many to name: Senator W
ARNER , Sen-
ator H EITKAMP , and others on the 
Democratic side. There are those on the Republican side. Senator C
OLLINS  
comes to mind, and there are others who have worked so hard and so relent-lessly and with such determination to get us where we are today. We need to get this over the finish line so we can move on to other business. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:30 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF TRAF-
FICKING ACT OF 2015—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma is recognized. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I was 
not going to be talking right now, but I understand some of the people who are going to be reserving time are not yet here. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.015 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2289 April 21, 2015 
PILOT ’S BILL OF RIGHTS 2  
Mr. President, I want to remind my 
colleagues on the floor that we have a piece of legislation that is coming up that no one is really plugged into right now, but it is going to be coming before us in a very short period of time. 
Back in 2011, I introduced a bill and 
passed a bill called the Pilot’s Bill of Rights. It was something that was very meaningful to a relatively small num-ber of people, but these are single-issue people, and it strove to correct a prob-lem in our justice system that existed for as long as I could remember. 
Having been an active commercial 
pilot for the last over 50 years—and there are not too many in the Senate; and in our delegation in Oklahoma, I was the only one until a couple years ago—it is only natural that I receive comments from a lot of people con-cerning problems they have with the FAA. 
There are a lot of great people in the 
FAA, and a lot of them I have worked with for many, many years. But there are also some—and this is true with any regulatory body, anyone who has authority over individuals. I remember back many years ago when I was the mayor of Tulsa. We had a great police force. But all it takes is two or three of them who are the bad guys. We are see-ing some of that around today, and that gives a bad reputation to a lot of people. The same thing is true with some of the people who are working with the FAA. 
I can remember helping others, and I 
always did come to their aid when they felt they were not getting proper jus-tice. But it really did not register with me until it actually happened to me. Back about 3 years ago, flying an air-plane into a Texas airfield that is not a controlled airfield, there was an ac-tivity going on on the runway without any NOTAMs that had been advised— and nobody actually had any way of knowing this—and with permission I landed on that runway. This is a run-way in far South Texas called the Cam-eron County Airport. It has a 9,000-foot runway. They were working on just a couple thousand feet of it, so it was very easy to come in. 
Now, because of certain individuals 
who had some other reasons to be crit-ical of me, all kinds of things happened as a result of that. In fact, just re-cently they have even had some car-toons talking about how I landed on a runway and was chasing people off the runway. None of that was true. 
But this is what happened. They pro-
posed to have a violation against me, and I was totally helpless, knowing— and many hundreds of others have had this experience; I never had—that I could lose my license on the whims of one individual in the field. 
Now, it would not have been as crit-
ical for me. That is not how I make my living. But look at some people who do make their living that way. They could lose their license just because of one individual who did not like them. Bob Hoover is a good example. Bob Hoover, 
who I guess is in his nineties now, ar-guably was the most gifted pilot I can ever remember. He was the one, I say to the Presiding Officer, who would put a glass of water up on his dash and do a barrel roll and not spill the water. I have been with him when that hap-pened. Well, one guy in the field did not like him for some reason, and they staged a violation. He could have and did lose his license. 
Now, I had to come to this body—and 
it took a year and a half—to pass a bill to allow Bob Hoover to get back in. That is an extreme example, but none-theless, that happened. And that is what was happening to me. 
So anyway, we passed the Pilot’s Bill 
of Rights. The main thing there and what we are trying to do is to extend to pilots the same protections under the law that other people have. We have heard the phrase many times: You are guilty until proven innocent. Well, in one area in our society that is true—it has historically been true—and that is for violations or alleged violations against pilots. 
So anyway, we passed this. We cor-
rected some things that have not really come to fruition. For example, what is called a NOTAM is short for a notice to airmen. A NOTAM is something that has to be published. It is supposed to be published by the FAA if there is any-thing going on at an airport such as construction on a runway that would create a hazard. 
So the pilots have to look up the 
NOTAMs. The problem with this is, there are no guidelines as to where they can find a notice to airmen. So we corrected this, we thought, in the Pi-lot’s Bill of Rights. However, it was not as good of a correction as we thought it would be. 
So now we are coming back with a 
Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2. By the way, I have to tell you, Mr. President, I had 67 cosponsors out of 100 Senators. So this is something that was very popular and passed with overwhelming majorities. 
So what we are doing now with the 
Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2 is about four things. 
First, the medical certification proc-
ess is one that is kind of interesting be-cause there is no uniformity. Someone can have a physical problem, a medical problem, and he might be in Chicago, IL, or he might be in Tampa, FL, and they will have a completely different interpretation by the medical exam-iner as to what should be the remedy of that person’s problem. So this puts uniformity back in there. 
Then it does something—and this is 
going to be something that people who do not understand and are not listening to me right now might state that this would be something that could be a hazard or might be some kind of a dan-ger—and that is, we passed in 2004, a rule creating a medical exemption for pilots of light ‘‘sport pilot eligible’’ aircraft. That is for airplanes that weigh under 1,230 pounds and only have 2 seats. There are about 34,000 of them 
around. It has been over 10 years since FAA issued this exemption, and since then the medical safety experience of these pilots has been identical to those with medical certificates, which begs the question of the value of this expen-sive and burdensome requirement for pilots who fly for recreation. 
A joint study was done by the Air-
craft Owners and Pilots Association, the AOPA, and the Experimental Air-craft Association, the EAA, on the 46,976 aviation accidents that occurred from 2008 and 2012. Of those 46,976, only 99 had a medical cause as a factor. That is less than one-quarter of 1 per-cent of all accidents. And of those 99, none would have been prevented by the current third-class medical screening standards and the medical certification process. So it does not offer any protec-tion. It does not serve any useful pur-pose. 
Now, we are proposing in the Pilot’s 
Bill of Rights 2 to extend that medical exemption that is currently in place for light sport aircraft to include planes weighing up to 6,000 pounds with up to 6 total passengers, including the pilot. That would add airmen and air-craft to an existing FAA-approved medical standard without degrading or creating substandard safety. 
What I am saying here is that of all 
these almost 47,000 aviation accidents, only 99 had a medical cause, and of those 99, not one would have been pre-vented by the current third-class med-ical screening standards and the med-ical certification process. So this is just another burden on the public—not individuals, but specifically on pilots, and it does not accomplish anything. 
What we will do now is have consist-
ency in the application of the medical certification process, and it is some-thing that is overdue. It should not be a problem getting that bill passed, and yet it does need explanation. 
The second thing it does is extend 
the due process rights preserved in the original Pilot’s Bill of Rights bill to all FAA certificate holders—not just those who are certificate holders who fly air-planes. There are others who are exam-iners and work in other fields. They should have the same benefits. 
What it does is—and this is kind of 
hard to explain—but if someone is ac-cused of a violation, that individual has a process that has been in law prior to the Pilot’s Bill of Rights; and that is, you go through and the FAA makes a judgment. Then you can appeal it to the NTSB. The NTSB historically has been a rubber stamp for the FAA. So it does not really qualify anything. 
What we did in the Pilot’s Bill of 
Rights 1 is allow an individual then to go into the court system and get what they call a de novo. A de novo means they have a whole process that starts from scratch. They do not just take what the FAA says, the NTSB says, but the courts treat it as a new case and look at it. This has not been hap-pening. So we put some teeth in that so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.018 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2290 April 21, 2015 
that will be something that will be 
workable. 
So I really feel we are going to be 
able to do this, and it is really getting the things done that we tried to do in the Pilot’s Bill of Rights, but there have been some problems getting the courts to understand it. In fact, in two separate cases, the Federal district courts ruled that my original bill did not require a full rehearing of the facts. This legislation explicitly spells out the option to appeal an FAA en-forcement action to the Federal dis-trict courts for a guaranteed de novo trial. But they have not been doing it. So this puts teeth in it so they are going to actually have to do it. 
By the way, there are things that are 
in there that people are not aware of. For example, in my case, I allegedly did something that was not in compli-ance with FAA rules and regulations, but they did not say what it was. They did not give the evidence. So you did not have access to your evidence. The new bill ensures that is going to hap-pen. 
The third thing is on NOTAMs. A 
NOTAM is a notice to airmen. It is a pilot’s responsibility—this has been true for decades—to know if a NOTAM has been filed by the FAA. That is a notice to airmen. But there is not any way of knowing where to find that. In my case, they claimed there was a NOTAM saying that the runway at Cameron County Airport was closed. That was a lie. There wasn’t. There was no NOTAM out there. Finally, we proved that was the case. 
So now we are going to have it en-
forced so we know where these notices to airmen are filed, and it is going to be the responsibility of the FAA to put them in a central location where they would have access to them. This is something that was addressed in the Pilot’s Bill of Rights, but somehow it was not specific enough. The teeth we put in this bill is that in the event they do not have it, the NOTAM is published where it can be found in a central loca-tion. Then the FAA cannot use that as an enforcement action. That will get the job done. 
The fourth thing it does is to extend 
the liability protection to individuals designated by the FAA as aviation medical examiners, pilot examiners, and this type of thing. What this does also is address what we call and most people would refer to as the Good Sa-maritan law. I have a lot of pilots—and I have been in the same situation—who want to help. They want to get a pa-tient to a doctor in an emergency situ-ation. 
I can remember one time many years 
ago when a tornado went through and destroyed the island of Dominica, north of Caracas, Venezuela. I got 12 pilots together with 12 of their air-planes, and they volunteered to take all the medical supplies down there. Now, if something had happened in the meantime, they would have had no pro-tection. Yet out of the goodness of their hearts, at their own expense, they 
were out there trying to save lives. I was there. I know. 
So this actually is one that is going 
to give liability protection to individ-uals other than just the pilots—other people who own FAA certificates—and at the same time give protection to those people who are trying to help other people. 
So I believe this bill should be com-
ing up in the next couple of weeks. It will be going to the commerce com-mittee. I would encourage Members to—and particularly those 67 Members who were the cosponsors of the original Pilot’s Bill of Rights should be on this one too. In fact, most of them are right now. I know Senators M
ANCHIN and 
BOOZMAN were the first two to get on. 
They happen to be the chairmen of the General Aviation Caucus in the Senate. By the way, we have equal support over in the other body, in the House of Rep-resentatives. 
Last summer, at the EAA AirVenture 
Oshkosh fly-in convention—that is the largest fly-in convention anywhere in the world—I hosted a public forum to solicit input for the legislation we are having, the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2, and I received over 400 comments from in-dividuals. These are people who were present at the Oshkosh event. 
So we have solicited their input, and 
we have all the organizations behind it. I would say, insofar as the one that might become controversial; that is, the exemption on a third-class med-ical—doctors have unanimously voted in favor of it—they are called the doc-tors in aviation—and others. 
This is one of these rare opportuni-
ties we have on a bipartisan basis to pass something that is going to offer legal protections to one class of people who currently don’t have it and have not had it in the past. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise 
again to speak in support of the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act. It is good legislation, drafted and intro-duced by the Senator from Texas, Mr. C
ORNYN , and also the Senator from 
Minnesota, Ms. K LOBUCHAR . They origi-
nally put this bill together in the last Congress, and I was pleased to be a co-sponsor of that bill. I am also very pleased to be an original cosponsor of the legislation they introduced earlier this year, the legislation we have on the floor now. 
This bill has many important, strong 
points. I am going to go through some—not all but a number of them. 
For example, it makes sure victims 
get restitution and witnesses get re-wards for cooperating with law enforce-
ment before others and encourages prosecutors to get training on restitu-tion in human trafficking cases. It also gives law enforcement greater author-ity to seize the assets of convicted human traffickers, and it protects vic-tims and witnesses by requiring human traffickers to be treated as violent criminals for purposes of pretrial re-lease and detention pending judicial proceedings. 
It also ensures that Federal crime 
victims are informed of any plea bar-gain or deferred prosecution agreement in their case and clarifies that the ordi-nary standard of appellate review ap-plies in cases concerning Federal crime victims’ rights petitions. 
It recognizes that child pornography 
production is a form of human traf-ficking and ensures that victims have access to direct services at child advo-cacy centers to help them heal. 
It allows State and local human traf-
ficking task forces to get wiretap war-rants within their own State courts without Federal approval. That will help them to more effectively inves-tigate crimes of child pornography, child sexual exploitation, and human trafficking. 
The bill also improves nationwide 
communications so law enforcement can better track and capture traf-fickers and child pornographers. It en-sures regular reporting on the number of human trafficking crimes for pur-poses of the FBI Uniform Crime Re-porting Program. 
It also requires law enforcement to 
upload photos of missing individuals into the National Criminal Information Center database and notify the Na-tional Center for Missing and Exploited Children of any child reported missing from foster care, and it strengthens current law to reduce demand for human trafficking by encouraging po-lice, prosecutors, judges, and juries to target all persons involved in the buy-ing and selling of human trafficking victims. It is just wrong to prosecute victims and fail to prosecute those who prey on them. 
This legislation will help for all of 
those reasons, but this legislation is also very important because it creates a fund from fines and penalties im-posed on those who would engage in human trafficking. The fund is impor-tant because it not only compensates victims of human trafficking and other crimes of exploitation for their inju-ries, but it also provides resources to help law enforcement prevent such crimes in the future. 
As we work on this important issue, 
it is also very important that we un-derstand that human trafficking is not just a big-State, big-city problem. Every State in the country is facing this issue, including my home State of North Dakota, but we currently have a challenge addressing this problem. 
After consulting with the North Da-
kota attorney general’s office, we learned that North Dakota has been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.019 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2291 April 21, 2015 
discouraged from applying for 
antihuman trafficking grants, because in its application, the Department of Justice asks for at least 2 years of local data on human trafficking victims. North Dakota, in recent years, has been the fastest growing State in the country. So here we are, the fastest growing State both in terms of popu-lation and in terms of income growth. Consequently, more so than many States, only recently we have seen sig-nificant increases in human trafficking issues. So we don’t have that 2 years’ worth of data that DOJ requires, but we very much need assistance with ad-dressing the problem of human traf-ficking. It is not unique to North Da-kota. There are other States—typically fast-growing States, States that may have the same kind of energy develop-ment or other areas where they have seen a significant influx of people and are continuing to see a significant in-flux of people. This is a national issue. It is not specific just to my State but to any State where we have seen rapid growth, influx of money, influx of peo-ple from outside the State and where human trafficking is an issue. 
To remedy that, I have offered an 
amendment to the current legislation we have on the floor now, the Cornyn- Klobuchar bill, that clarifies that an eligibility entity with a worthy traf-ficking initiative, in an effort to com-bat trafficking in its jurisdiction, will not be disadvantaged in receiving funds under the Cornyn-Klobuchar bill be-cause they, like North Dakota—be it a State or whatever—have only recently begun collecting data on human traf-ficking. So in cases where they don’t have 2 years of data, as long as they can demonstrate a valid need and a valid solution to try to address this im-portant issue and to reduce human trafficking, that is what will be re-quired for the application, and not hav-ing 2 years of data will not be an issue in terms of scoring or an issue that DOJ would hold against that applica-tion for receipt of the funds for a wor-thy project. 
This is important to make sure that 
all across the country, in every State, we are addressing human trafficking. We all need to be united, in every State across this great country, working to combat human trafficking. That is why this amendment is very important. 
There are few issues that as a gov-
erning body we can be more united on than making sure we protect our chil-dren, that we prevent human traf-ficking in any form, and that we do it on a national basis in every State. That is what my amendment is all about. 
For this reason, I offer this amend-
ment. I hope it will be included as part of the Cornyn-Klobuchar legislation, which, as I said earlier, I am only too pleased to cosponsor. 
The value and importance of this leg-
islation is reflected in the broad coali-tion of victims’ rights and law enforce-ment organizations that support it. It has been endorsed by nearly 200 groups, 
from the Fraternal Order of Police to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. 
We need to pass this legislation. 
Crimes such as human trafficking and child pornography target the most vul-nerable among us in a most despicable way. I urge all of my colleagues to pass this bill, to put an end to modern-day slavery, and to help victims get the support they need. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise 
to express my appreciation that this afternoon the Senate is finally getting back to legislating on the important issue of human trafficking. It is crit-ical we pass this legislation to combat one of the world’s most heinous crimes and one that threatens thousands of in-nocent people every year. 
I am the cochair and cofounder of the 
human trafficking caucus. Our oppor-tunity is not only to raise awareness of this issue but also to pass important legislation to address the problem. 
We learned that human trafficking is 
now a $32 billion worldwide industry, leaving it only second in size to the drug trade for criminal activity. Many view this as an international problem. They think, well, this happens some-where else or on another continent, such as Africa or Asia. The fact is it happens right here. Of course, every country around the world has a respon-sibility to fight back against traf-fickers and stop their acts of violence. But while this industry has a global reach, the reality is that human traf-ficking is a major problem not only in my home State of Ohio, it is a problem in every State represented in the Sen-ate. The Justice Department has told us that the average age of victims get-ting involved in trafficking is 12 to 14 years old. Think about that. These are children. These are kids. The number of American children at risk of sexual exploitation and human trafficking is estimated to be about 300,000. These children represent the most vulnerable among us, and we should make sure we are doing everything we possibly can to protect them. Every American life has value and every child deserves a chance to live a bright future. 
Today, however, we can take comfort 
in knowing we are fighting back against human traffickers and making it harder for their criminal activity to continue in a couple of different ways, both of which are very important. 
First, our legislation makes it easier 
to find some of these vulnerable chil-dren. Missing children are particularly 
vulnerable, and the legislation I am about to talk about enables us to find those children more quickly and helps to get them into a nurturing environ-ment. Second, it will strengthen law enforcement’s ability to find and pun-ish those who are committing these crimes. 
We accomplished the first goal with 
the Bringing Missing Children Home Act. It is a bill that I authored with Senator C
HUCK SCHUMER of New York. 
We know there is a strong connection, unfortunately, between sex trafficking victims and children who have been in and out of the child welfare system. We also understand that kids who are missing or who have run away from home are the most vulnerable to traf-ficking, exploitation, and abuse. The FBI sting in 2014 recovered 168 sex traf-ficking victims, and nearly all of them had spent time in the child welfare or foster care system. While many of these children had been reported miss-ing, the information obtained by au-thorities was not sufficient enough to be able to find them, and that is what this legislation gets at. 
The Bringing Missing Children Home 
Act will make it easier to find these children in two different ways. First, it amends the Missing Children’s Assist-ance Act by replacing the term ‘‘child prostitution’’ with ‘‘child sex traf-ficking.’’ This reinforces the fact that children who are exploited are victims, not criminals. Secondly, the bill re-quires law enforcement agencies to up-date their records of missing children within 30 days of an initial report with additional information that could in-clude medical or dental records or even a photograph. Having this new infor-mation, particularly a photograph, is incredibly important when searching for a missing child. I know this because this has been a big problem in my home State of Ohio. 
We started looking at this legislation 
and considering this bill on the floor on March 6. Since March 6, 60 children have been reported missing in my home State of Ohio. Yet we only have photo-graphs for 14 of them. It is hard to find these children, and not having that in-formation makes it even more dif-ficult. Our legislation will help to get those photographs and will help ensure that all of us can play a role in helping to find these missing children. 
The bill also makes it easier for law 
enforcement officials on the State and local level to coordinate with child welfare services, and it allows missing persons units and State law enforce-ment agencies to modify and improve missing children’s entries to include important information that was uncov-ered during an investigation. That is not currently the case. It just makes sense to be able to have better records. 
While we are making it easier to find 
trafficking victims, we will also make it easier to find and punish perpetra-tors of these crimes with legislation I have authored with Senator D
IANNE  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.020 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2292 April 21, 2015 
FEINSTEIN . It is called the Combat 
Human Trafficking Act and is part of this underlying bill we will also be con-sidering here on the floor. This act fo-cuses on those who commit these crimes. It increases the penalties for those who buy acts from sex traf-ficking victims. It requires new train-ing by the Justice Department on tar-geting. It expands reporting on traf-ficking prosecutions and strengthens victims’ rights. A lot of this comes out of what we have learned over the past decade since we have really taken up this issue at the Federal level. It im-proves Federal law to take into ac-count the information we now know. Through better enforcement of laws against buyers, we will be able to re-duce the demand for sexual exploi-tation and ensure that criminals are prosecuted to the full extent, pre-venting further trafficking crimes from ever happening. 
As the cochair of the Senate Caucus 
to End Human Trafficking, it has been a priority of mine to get this legisla-tion passed in an effort to help victims of trafficking and to prevent the num-ber of victims from increasing. 
I also hope we can add an amendment 
I authored entitled ‘‘Ensuring a Better Response for Victims of Child Sex Traf-ficking.’’ This amendment contains a piece of legislation I authored last year with Senator W
YDEN of Oregon called 
the Sex Trafficking Data and Response Act. It will help improve the informa-tion law enforcement officials have about the scope of the trafficking prob-lem. This was signed into law last year, but there is additional information we would like to provide in terms of get-ting the response part of that bill passed. 
The bills I have spoken about are im-
portant steps to one day ending human trafficking and putting this horrible industry out of business altogether. Trafficking deserves no place in Amer-ica. 
I thank Senator C
HUCK SCHUMER , 
Senator D IANNE FEINSTEIN , and others 
for their hard work on this legislation I have talked about. I would also like to express how grateful I am that Mem-bers of this Chamber were able to put partisanship behind us, politics aside, and reach common ground to move for-ward on this important issue. Ending human trafficking is clearly a bipar-tisan goal. It is a nonpartisan goal. It is something on which we should come together. The legislation we have be-fore us today will make a profound im-pact on so many Americans, including some of the most vulnerable. I am happy to see we are a little closer to having these bills become law. I think they will become law once they pass this Chamber, go through the House, and are signed by the President. 
We still have a lot of work to do. 
This is just a start. After today, the fight to combat human trafficking will be far from over. Somewhere in Amer-ica, there will still be children looking to be found, wondering if anybody cares, despite our legislation. Today’s 
legislation will make it easier to find them, but it is still up to all of us. All of us have a role in helping to keep these children from going missing in the first place and then finding and providing them with a nurturing set-ting and a home where they are em-braced and where they can be taken away from the stress of human traf-ficking and sex trafficking. 
There will always be traffickers look-
ing to exploit the vulnerable. We know that. But today, if we pass this legisla-tion, we will be sending a warning to those who commit these heinous crimes. As long as you are a perpe-trator or an accomplice to human traf-ficking—folks will know that law en-forcement is going to do what it takes to track them down and to punish them. 
I am glad we have been able to find 
common ground again and move a lit-tle closer to making these positive changes a reality. I am hopeful that we will be able to vote on this today and tomorrow, move this to the House, get it through to the President, and indeed begin to make a difference to my con-stituents in Ohio and around the coun-try. 
With that, I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I am 
here today to identify yet another in-stallment of the ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ We have been doing this now for sev-eral weeks, trying to save taxpayers’ dollars out of documented waste of their dollars when they send them to Washington. In recent weeks, I have highlighted examples of waste, some big some small. 
To date, we have documented over 
$47 billion of taxpayer funds that have gone to duplication of effort, simply 
gone to things the Federal Government never should have been involved in in the first place, examples of fraud, abuse—$47 billion and climbing on our tax savings gauge here which is ap-proaching now $50 billion. Our goal is $100 billion. We are going to keep going as we discover each week yet another waste of taxpayer dollars. 
This week’s ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ in-
volves the Federal Employees’ Com-pensation Act, also known as FECA. This law was enacted in 1916—well in-tended, I think, to provide workers’ compensation benefits to civilian Fed-eral employees who sustained injuries while employed by the Federal Govern-ment and includes funds for vocational rehabilitation and medical benefits. 
As I said, it was well intended at the 
time, providing a lifeline for people in-jured on the job to keep these people 
afloat financially until they are ready to go back to work. ‘‘Ready to go back to work’’ has become somewhat of a major question in terms of how this 1916 law is applied, because you have to wonder, is someone 99 years old look-ing to go back to work. 
Well, in 1916, when this act was en-
acted, it treated them as if they were and are able to go back to work. Let me explain. Both the FECA compensa-tion and medical benefits are payable for the duration of a person’s inability to work, which can extend well into their individual golden years. 
You say: How does that all happen? 
But under current law, there is no maximum duration of benefits and no maximum age at which benefits must be terminated. Thus, when bene-ficiaries become eligible for Federal re-tirement or disability annuities, they are given the choice as to whether they want to remain in the FECA program or choose the Federal retirement pro-gram. 
Well, it is not much of a choice. The 
choice is obvious because given the level of benefits monthly, FECA bene-fits can be a much better deal than what they would be paid under retire-ment benefit plans. The FECA benefits are as high as 75 percent of the work-er’s predisability wage. The annual cost-of-living-adjustment is applied each year, the COLA, to the benefits. 
Someone came up with a pretty in-
teresting idea here. FECA benefits are not taxed. So, clearly, this ends up being a much better deal for bene-ficiaries. But is it a better deal for tax-payers? That is the question. Let’s take a closer look. This applies to all Federal agencies, but let’s take one agency. The Department of Labor re-ports that approximately 45,000 cases currently receive long-term disability benefits under FECA, and 15,000 or one- third of these cases involve bene-ficiaries aged 66 or older. 
Clearly, it is time—actually it is past 
time—to reconsider and make reforms to the FECA. At a minimum, we should require workers, when they reach re-tirement age, to transition into the re-tirement plan as all their peers have had to do and not continue, throughout their lifetime, the much more generous benefits of FECA. 
As I said, the agency with the most 
FECA claims is the U.S. Postal Serv-ice. I want to use this as an example of how this is applied. The Postal Service Office of Inspector General told us that FECA rolls include 9,554 postal workers aged 55 or older eligible for retirement; 3,389 aged 65 and over; 928 aged 80 or older; and, yes, one postal worker at the age of 99. 
So in 2013 the U.S. Postal Service 
paid about $1.3 billion in workers’ com-pensation claims and $67 million in ad-ministrative fees. In addition, as of June 30, 2014, the estimated workers’ compensation liability totaled $17.8 bil-lion. Now, while many of these benefits go to workers of a traditional working 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.023 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2293 April 21, 2015 
age, the U.S. Postal Service estimates 
that these higher than retirement ben-efits are resulting in an extra $37.8 mil-lion being paid out annually. 
That comes to nearly $400 million 
over the next 10 years, and that is just from one agency, the U.S. Postal Serv-ice. Estimates as to the cost to the tax-payer when all of the Federal agencies are included show that more than $1 billion will be spent over the next 10 years in extra workers’ compensation payments for those who would unlikely be working throughout the Federal workforce. 
As my colleague, Senator S
USAN COL-
LINS from Maine, has been highlighting 
for years, FECA has become a gold- plated retirement system tainted by unfairness, perverse incentives, and the potential for abuse and fraud. 
This program has become increas-
ingly expensive and requires some com-monsense reforms—reforms that many States have already implemented in their own workers’ compensation pro-grams. Remember, these payments are designed as a bridge to help injured workers until they are able to return to work. That is the most important phrase here—‘‘return to work.’’ This program was never intended to serve as a higher paying alternative to the Fed-eral retirement system. Yet, under the law, it is used for that, and it has cost the taxpayers a significant amount of their tax dollars for unnecessary pay-ments. 
Let’s not ignore ways we can improve 
our fiscal health and return our Fed-eral programs, at a minimum, to their original intent. It is time we look at this policy and restore integrity to the FECA, the Federal Employees’ Com-pensation Act. 
Today, I am adding another $1 billion 
to the taxpayer savings gauge for this week’s waste of the week, and I look forward to discussing ways we can eradicate this waste from our Federal budget so that we can give hard-earned dollars back to the taxpayers—money that simply is not used properly and is labeled, of course, a waste of their money. 
So we have increased—we are ap-
proaching $50 billion, and we are shoot-ing up to $100 billion by the end of this year. I am hoping we can go signifi-cantly past that. 
The next step, of course, is to take 
what we have identified and make sure that the law is changed, that it is re-formed, and that we can proudly say to the taxpayer that we are doing our part in Washington. While the larger issues of debt and deficit need to be addressed and must be addressed, if we cannot come to consensus on that, at least we can come to consensus on eliminating these egregious abuses of taxpayer dol-lars. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, as 
Americans celebrate the 35th Earth Day this week, I rise for the 96th time—I seem to be coinciding with the Presiding Officer’s schedule so he has been treated to his share of these speeches—to urge this body to wake up to the threat of climate change. It is real, not a hoax. It is caused by carbon pollution, and it is already making changes that we are already seeing in the world around us. We must cut our carbon pollution to prevent even bigger climate changes—changes in our at-mosphere, oceans, and human habitat— potentially unprecedented in the his-tory of our human habitation of this planet. 
Yet the polluters who are producing 
this problem would have us do nothing. They make money when we do nothing. So we do nothing. The polluters run a racket. They all float onto us the costs and damage from their fossil fuel prod-uct—the costs of heat waves, of sea level rise, of ocean acidification, of dying forests, and more. The polluters happily dump those costs onto every-body else. And to keep this profitable racket running, the polluters spend huge sums on lobbying and politics, particularly right here in the Congress. 
As one author has written, ‘‘rivers of 
money flowing from secret sources have turned our elections into silent auctions.’’ And the polluters get what they pay for. The Republican Party in Congress has become the political arm of the fossil fuel industry. The pol-luters also spend huge amounts on a big, complex PR machine to churn out doubt about the real science and cook up some paid-for science. 
Documents recently discovered by 
Greenpeace show that one scientist, whose work consistently downplayed the role of carbon pollution and cli-mate change, received—get this—more than $1.2 million from oil and coal in-terests over the last decade. Those nice people at the Charles G. Koch Chari-table Foundation gave him at least $230,000. In recent years, his grants came through Donors Trust, the front group that funnels money from oil, coal, and other special interests. 
Well, what do we know? We know 
that financial incentives affect people’s behavior. Does anyone doubt that? That is life. That is why politicians have to disclose their political contrib-utors, the gifts and benefits they re-ceive, and even personal financial in-formation. That is why regulatory agencies and scientific journals require scientific submissions to make plain who funded the work. That is why ex-pert witnesses’ funding sources are rel-
evant in court proceedings. And that is why Upton Sinclair once said: ‘‘It’s dif-ficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends on his not understanding it.’’ 
So we know that money talks. That 
is not news. What else do we know? Well, we also know about that industry playbook to keep safety regulation at bay by funding phony science and man-ufacturing doubt about legitimate science. That is not news, either. That has been around for years. 
The tobacco industry campaign to 
mislead the public about the health ef-fects of cigarettes was so fraudulent it was determined in Federal court to be a racketeering enterprise. Think about that—an industry campaign of decep-tion about the risks of their product that persisted for years and was ulti-mately determined in Federal court to have constituted a racketeering enter-prise. Does it sound familiar? And to-bacco is not alone. The lead paint in-dustry shut down its trade association, the Lead Industry Association, rather than answer questions under oath in a court proceeding. 
Entire books have been written docu-
menting this industry’s strategy, for example, ‘‘Merchants of Doubt,’’ which has recently been made into a docu-mentary, or ‘‘Doubt is Their Product,’’ or ‘‘Lead Wars,’’ or ‘‘Deceit and De-nial.’’ So we know the strategy. 
Finally, we know something else. We 
know that a network of front organiza-tions with innocent-sounding names has emerged to propagate the baloney science. This phenomenon has been well documented by Dr. Robert Brulle at Drexell University, among others. His follow-the-money analysis dia-grams the complex flow of cash to these front groups that industry per-sistently tries to obscure. Well, here is what makes sense to me: If it is impor-tant enough for them to want to hide it, it is important enough for us to want to know about it. 
So Senators B
OXER , MARKEY , and I 
sent a letter to about 100 companies, trade groups, and other organizations affiliated with the fossil fuel industry. We asked whether they spent money to support climate research. It sounds reasonable, based on those three things that we know. Well, oh, my, what a fit of caterwauling that drew from the rightwing PR machine. Today, I will give a recap of the outrage highlights. 
It is a ‘‘witch hunt,’’ said the far- 
right Heartland Institute, ‘‘what fas-cists do.’’ We are ‘‘ethically challenged . . . mental midgets,’’ said Heartland’s president. He later called this little letter ‘‘harassment . . . abuse of au-thority and misrepresentation of the facts.’’ Heartland, by the way, is that classy group that put up a billboard comparing climate scientists to the Unabomber, just to give an idea of their credibility. Finally, ‘‘[S]hame on you,’’ read Heartland’s response to our letter, which Heartland called a ‘‘cam-paign to stigmatize and demonize.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.027 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2294 April 21, 2015 
The rightwing John Locke Founda-
tion said our letter was ‘‘trying to McCarthyite’’ them. Rightwinger Hans von Spakovsky of the Heritage Foun-dation said it was ‘‘an abuse of power.’’ Investor’s Business Daily got so ex-cited they mixed up their metaphors to say we were both ‘‘inquisitors’’ and ‘‘stalk[ers],’’ out to ‘‘intimidate’’ and ‘‘threatening peaceful citizens.’’ They scoffed, ‘‘as if it were any of [our] busi-ness’’ to know if polluters are funding the science. Keeping that Spanish In-quisition theme going, the Washington Times called us ‘‘climate change Torquemadas.’’ 
So it looks as if we hit the full faux- 
outrage quadrifecta—witch hunts, fas-cism, McCarthyism, and even the Span-ish Inquisition. But then they got real-ly serious, and they unlimbered the ul-timate rightwing malediction. We were accused by the Cato Institute of—cover your ears, young pages—having ‘‘a widespread faith . . . in government’s ability to solve problems.’’ 
Well, Cato made its position on cli-
mate change clear, saying that for us ‘‘to believe that man’s emissions of carbon dioxide are warming the plan-et’’ was a ‘‘bias’’ and that the legiti-mate science endorsed by everyone from NASA to the Department of De-fense to every legitimate scientific so-ciety—every major legitimate sci-entific society in the country—all of that was ‘‘propaganda,’’ and that we, of course, were climate alarmists. Cato also sent us a letter in response to our inquiry, telling us we cannot ‘‘use the awesome power of the federal govern-ment to cow’’ Cato and others. Cow? 
According to the Wall Street Journal 
editorial page, which sadly has become a front for the fossil fuel industry, we were ‘‘trying to silence’’ the other side. Although, I have to confess, it is not clear how the other side would be si-lenced by simply having to reveal whose payroll they are on, which is all we asked. 
Let’s be clear, our letter didn’t sug-
gest that industry scientists should be silenced—just that the public should know if those scientists are being paid by the very industries with a big eco-nomic stake in the issue. 
Let’s test how much the rightwing 
front groups care about the suppression of scientific information. Let’s look at their outrage over the reports of public employees in Florida being told—by the government no less—not to talk about climate change. 
Interviews by the Florida Center for 
Investigative Reporting with current and former employees, contractors, and volunteers at the Florida Department of Environmental Protection revealed that the administration of Republican Gov. Rick Scott issued an unwritten rule banning official use of the phrases ‘‘climate change’’ or ‘‘global warm-ing.’’ Those reports have been corrobo-rated by employees of other State agencies. We have heard stories of ret-ribution against State employees who dare discuss climate change, of climate change-related projects being put on 
the back burner, and even of the term itself being edited out of official docu-ments, including those produced by a university scientist. It sounds like sup-pression of science. Where was the out-rage from the right? Where were the comparisons to fascism and McCar-thyism and the Spanish Inquisition for this actual government-sponsored sup-pression of scientific information? Guess what. There was none. 
It is not just Florida. Recently, the 
Republican members of Wisconsin’s Board of Commissioners of Public Lands voted to prohibit the profes-sional staff ‘‘from engaging in global warming or climate change work.’’ The Wisconsin timber industry, as Senator B
ALDWIN and I have both pointed out, 
sees the threat climate change poses to Wisconsin forests, including, among other things, the frozen winter roads that loggers use to move their equip-ment around that warmer weather melts and turns to impassable muck. But the Republicans in charge of those lands have simply ordered State offi-cials to ignore climate change, sup-pressing the science—plain and simple. 
Where was the outrage from the 
rightwing groups that had fits about our little request for some trans-parency about what scientist is on whose payroll? Where was the outrage? There was none, which shows that the real issue has nothing to do with sci-entific freedom. The real issue here of freedom is the freedom of big, dis-honest special interests to hide whose hand is in the puppet. 
Here is where it really gets ironic. 
The enormous multibillion dollar pol-luting industries whose front groups accuse us of bullying—of being fascists and intimidators and Torquemadas— over our little letter are the very ones pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into elections, much of it secretly, for the plainly avowed purpose of threat-ening and punishing elected officials who might dare to cross them and ac-knowledge the dangers of carbon-driv-en climate change—of all people to be complaining. 
Americans for Prosperity, to give one 
example, a Koch brothers venture, has said that Republicans who support any action on climate change will be put at a ‘‘severe disadvantage’’ in the 2016 elections. That is a serious threat, given the Koch brothers’ pledge to spend $900 million in this election cycle. Yet that same Americans for Prosperity Foundation blasted our lit-tle letter as ‘‘an attempt to silence those whose views do not meet with your approval.’’ 
Please. Really? Against a $900 million 
campaign threat and a stable of paid- for scientists, against that massive screen of fossil fuel front organizations spouting industry propaganda, our lit-tle effort at getting a little trans-parency about who is funding the phony-baloney climate denial science— that is a raindrop against a torrent. We do indeed need to wake up. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, be-
fore my prepared comments, I do want to thank the Senator from Rhode Is-land for his passion and his leadership in coming to the floor over and over again, ringing the alarm bells about what is happening not only to our country but our world. We are paying the price in lives and in dollars. We are seeing our farmers pay the price be-cause we have not effectively addressed what is happening to our world in terms of climate change. 
I want to thank the Senator for his 
continued passion in reminding us over and over again why we need to act right now. 
SELFRIDGE AIR NATIONAL GUARD DEPLOYMENT  
Mr. President, today 350 airmen from 
Michigan, along with 12 A–10 Warthog aircraft, are deploying to the Middle East to take part in Operation Inher-ent Resolve, our Nation’s mission to eliminate the terrorist group known as ISIL. This deployment has special sig-nificance for Michigan. Michigan is home to thousands of families and community leaders with loved ones liv-ing in the Middle East who have seen firsthand the devastating effect of ISIL as it brutally murders innocent people, drives them from their homes, and de-stabilizes the region. For so many fam-ilies in Michigan, the fight against ISIL is deeply personal. Today, that fight is personal to many more families as these airmen from Selfridge Air Na-tional Guard Base deploy to the region. 
The A–10 Warthogs are the very best 
close air support aircraft in the U.S. military. Known as a tankbuster, the A–10 is ideal against ISIL, which uses tanks stolen from the Iraqi Army. We in Michigan are proud of our fleet. We are proud of our people, their courage, their passion, and their hard work. We are proud for all they have done to pro-tect our Nation. 
In 2011, the 127th Wing at Selfridge 
deployed 300 airmen and one dozen A– 10s to Kandahar Airfield, a NATO base in southern Afghanistan. Over 120 days, the unit logged over 8,000 flight hours in 2,000 flight missions in an extremely hostile environment. 
Today, I ask my colleagues in the 
Senate to keep these 350 airmen in your thoughts and prayers. We wish them Godspeed as they embark on this very important mission, and we re-member especially their families and friends who will stay behind and sup-port them with their prayers as well. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
(Mr. DAINES assumed the Chair.) Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.031 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2295 April 21, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate resumes consideration of S. 178 on Wednesday, April 22, Senator C
OR-
NYN or his designee be recognized to 
withdraw the pending Cornyn amend-ment and offer amendments Nos. 1124 and 301. I further ask that there then be 1 hour of debate, equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, the Sen-ate vote on the Leahy amendment No. 301, followed by a vote on amendment No. 1124, both with a 60-vote affirma-tive threshold for adoption. I further ask that if the Cornyn-Murray-Klo-buchar amendment is agreed to, the time until 2 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form, and the Senate then vote on the following amendments in the order listed, with 2 minutes of de-bate equally divided before each vote: Cornyn No. 1127; Leahy No. 290; Brown No. 311; Burr No. 1121; and Kirk No. 273, as modified. 
I further ask that amendments in the 
preceding list each be subject to a 60- vote affirmative threshold for adop-tion, and that following disposition of these amendments, there then be 5 minutes equally divided in the usual form, followed by votes on the fol-lowing amendments, which have been cleared by the managers and should be adopted by voice vote: Klobuchar No. 296; Hoeven No. 299, as modified; Sul-livan No. 279; Wicker No. 1126; Flake No. 294; Cassidy No. 308; Portman No. 1128; Brown No. 310; Brown No. 312; Heller No. 1122; and Shaheen No. 303. 
I further ask that there be no second- 
degrees in order to any of the amend-ments listed and that following disposi-tion of the Shaheen amendment, the committee-reported substitute, as amended, be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time, and the Senate proceed to a vote on passage. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object, would the majority leader consider at this time modifying his request to drop the Kirk amend-ment No. 273? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
majority leader so modify his request? 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, as I un-
derstand, the distinguished Senator from Oregon is asking to amend the consent request. I would reserve the right to object to that request and make the simple point that the Kirk amendment targets online child exploi-tation and sex trafficking, which is rampant. Given the fact that the Inter-net is now one of the principal tools used, on Web sites such as backpage.com, thousands of American children and human trafficking victims are sold into slavery. It is simply un-conscionable for us to stand by and allow this to continue. 
What Senator K
IRK is asking for, 
which I support and believe we should do, is a simple up-or-down vote on the Kirk amendment. So I reserve the right 
to object and ask our colleague to allow this up-or-down vote on the Kirk amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
majority leader so modify his request? 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
answer is no, but I think the Senator from Oregon wishes to respond. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, con-
tinuing my reservation, I don’t take a backseat to anyone when it comes to fighting for the victims of sex traf-ficking. As the distinguished Senator from Texas knows, I was an original cosponsor of this legislation, and much of it is based on bills I have written and advocated on behalf of for years, including with the distinguished Sen-ator from Texas. 
Much of this sex trafficking legisla-
tion, colleagues, is based on meetings and discussions I have had for years with young women who have been traf-ficked, law enforcement officials, and community leaders. I remember like it was yesterday how I was with the Port-land police on 82nd Avenue in East Portland, and we encountered young women in their early teens who walked around with knives in their purses just hoping to survive the evening. The un-derlying legislation before us, in my view, is going to be a very valuable tool in helping women like those whom I saw in Southeast Portland. 
Unfortunately, an amendment that 
Senator K
IRKseeks to offer has been 
attached to this request that under-mines the legal foundation of every so-cial media platform and attacks a basic cornerstone of Internet law. The Kirk amendment will undermine the fight to help victims by distracting the focus of prosecutors from the pimps and the Johns who prey on these young women. 
The vague language in the Kirk 
amendment would mean any Web site that hosts user-generated contact— that means any social media platform, any news sites with comments and classified sections and any e-commerce sites—could face felony charges based on a vague concept of knowing and a vague concept of advertising. 
Instead of focusing resources on 
going after pimps and traffickers, the Kirk amendment would enable prosecu-tors to go after Web sites millions of Americans use for nonnefarious pur-poses, chilling innovation. Under cur-rent law, prosecutors already have the ability to go after any entity that knowingly profits from sex trafficking. Every minute our prosecutors are occu-pied going after legitimate businesses, in my view, is time not spent locking up the real criminals. 
This amendment hurts America’s in-
novative businesses and entrepreneurs and stifles free speech instead of get-ting tough on the sex traffickers whom Senator C
ORNYN and I have sought to 
target all these years. 
So I will close by simply saying I am 
for throwing the book at every sex trafficker and those who enable them. Our country absolutely must do every-
thing we can to prevent the next child from falling victim to these predators. In my view, the Kirk amendment dis-tracts from that goal. I hope it will not ultimately be added to this important piece of legislation. I hope Senators will vote no on the Kirk amendment. 
With that, Mr. President, I withdraw 
my reservation to the request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
any objection to the request of the ma-jority leader? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF LORETTA E. 
LYNCH TO BE ATTORNEY GEN-ERAL 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 21, Loretta Lynch, to be Attorney General. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the nomination. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nation of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney General. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture 
motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Loretta Lynch to be Attorney Gen-eral. 
Mitch McConnell, Richard Burr, John 
Cornyn, Lamar Alexander, Bob Corker, Jeff Flake, Susan M. Collins, Orrin G. Hatch, Thom Tillis, Lisa Murkowski, Harry Reid, Richard J. Durbin, Patrick J. Leahy, Patty Murray, Amy Klo-buchar, Kirsten E. Gillibrand, Charles E. Schumer. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the mandatory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING NORMAN H. 
BANGERTER 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I 
wish to pay tribute to a loving father, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.033 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2296 April 21, 2015 
a visionary leader, a committed public 
servant, and a cherished friend—former Utah Governor Norman ‘‘Norm’’ How-ard Bangerter. As Utah’s 13th Gov-ernor, Norm established himself as one of the strongest leaders to ever hold public office in our State. 
Norm’s roots were deeply entrenched 
in the west side of the Salt Lake Val-ley, and he often referred to himself as a ‘‘humble farmer and carpenter’’ who learned the value of hard work from a young age. His parents, William and Isabelle Bangerter, instilled in their 11 children a strong moral compass and a desire to help others—virtues he car-ried with him throughout his life. 
Norm first entered politics in 1974 
when he ran for the Utah House of Rep-resentatives. He gained a surprise vic-tory, which put him on a path of strong representation and leadership for his constituents. Norm served 10 years as a State representative, including 4 years as the speaker of the house. 
During Norm’s first term as Gov-
ernor, Utah faced formidable chal-lenges. Never one to shrink from duty, Norm confronted these challenges head-on, exhibiting the exceptional judgment and foresight that would dis-tinguish him as our State’s chief exec-utive. In making these difficult deci-sions, Governor Bangerter always sought to do what was right over what was politically expedient. He laid a strong framework for his governance, which included ‘‘the three e’s’’—edu-cation, economic development, and ef-ficiency in government. Later in his tenure, he added a fourth ‘‘e’’—the en-vironment. 
After Governor Bangerter won reelec-
tion in 1988, the difficult decisions of his first term began to bear fruit. Utah had raised its profile as a fiscally well- managed State, and the success of the Governor’s economic development projects encouraged several prominent companies to relocate or expand in Utah. The Bangerter administration cut budgets, created jobs, expanded the economy, and provided a foundation for fiscal responsibility that still exists today. 
Although public service was impor-
tant to Norm, his family was always paramount. In 1953, he married Colleen Monson, who was his loyal friend and constant companion through nearly 58 years of marriage until she passed away in 2011. Together they raised 7 children and were grandparents to 30 grandchildren and 31 great-grand-children. In 2012, Norm married Judy Schiffman, who was a dear friend and support to Norm and his family. His daily life was always spent with family by his side. Family time was sacred and essential to Norm, and he firmly believed that family was the most im-portant component of life. 
Norm not only served willingly in the 
public arena, he also served diligently in his church, assuming several impor-tant leadership positions in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He served for 18 years as a bishop and as a stake president, and 
later presided with his wife, Colleen, over the Johannesburg, South Africa Mission from 1996 to 1999. After his missionary service, Norm spent many hours each week volunteering in the LDS Church’s Jordan River Temple. His life was an example of compassion and service, modeled after our Savior, Jesus Christ. 
Throughout my years of public serv-
ice, I have had the privilege of know-ing, working with, and learning from Governor Norm Bangerter. We spoke often, and I could always count on him to share with me his no-nonsense wis-dom and his passionate advice. Our conversations were always spirited, and they played an indispensable role in my own public service. He fought for what he believed in with great deter-mination and fervor, and he was never afraid to express his opinions. I appre-ciated our conversations more than he probably knew, and I will miss his sage advice and loyal friendship. 
Elaine and I will greatly miss our 
dear friend, Governor Norm Bangerter. The impact he made on Utah cannot be overstated. He led during difficult times and was a steadfast anchor for our State. He was also a noble servant of our Heavenly Father, and a strong, loving husband, father, and grand-father to his cherished family. He left an indelible impression on me and on all those who had the privilege of knowing him. 
f 
TRADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE 
ENHANCEMENT ACT 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am 
joined by my colleague Senator R ON 
WYDEN in introducing the Trade Ad-
justment Assistance, TAA, Enhance-ment Act of 2015. This legislation would reauthorize trade adjustment as-sistance programs to help American workers who lose their jobs as a result of foreign competition. These programs are an investment in the American worker and are essential to helping those who are negatively affected by international trade to get the skills and training to prepare for jobs in other industries. 
The Trade Adjustment Assistance 
Enhancement Act of 2015 would cover affected workers in the manufacturing, service, and agricultural sectors. In ad-dition to covering workers whose jobs shift to countries with which the United States has a Free Trade Agree-ment, the bill would also extend to job losses from non-FTA countries, such as China or India. It would make eligible for assistance those who have been laid off due to unfair foreign subsidies or dumping practices, as long as the lay-off occurs within 1 year of an affirma-tive injury determination by the Inter-national Trade Commission. 
Our bill would also authorize an in-
vestment of up to $575 million per year to train workers in new, in-demand skills, thereby providing them with the opportunity to find lasting employ-ment that will ensure greater economic 
stability in years to come. It would also provide extended unemployment insurance for those enrolled in an ap-proved training program. For older workers seeking quick reemployment, our bill would provide wage insurance to cover up to 50 percent of the wage differential between the old job and the new job. It would also provide assist-ance to those who must commute a greater distance or relocate altogether to find new employment. 
Under our bill, farmers, fishermen, 
and aquaculture producers would also be eligible for targeted training and as-sistance programs designed to help in-crease their competitiveness. The bill 
would further clarify that fishermen and aquaculture producers may receive TAA benefits whether they are com-peting against farmed or wild-caught fish or seafood imports. 
Small, rural communities in my 
home State of Maine have been hit hard by closures or partial shutdowns of mills, manufacturing plants, or other businesses that, in many cases, represent a large portion of jobs in the surrounding communities. In the past year, the communities of Lincoln, Millinocket, and Bucksport have expe-rienced such devastating job losses. Moreover, the second and third-order economic effects on other businesses is significant. When these jobs are abruptly lost on such a massive scale, entire communities and the sur-rounding area are devastated. In times of such great upheaval, the laid off em-ployees, who lost their good jobs through no fault of their own, need the time, support, and resources to learn new skills and seek viable employment opportunities. 
TAA programs have made a tremen-
dous difference in the lives of those working in trade-affected industries in Maine, such as the pulp and paper man-ufacturing, lobster, and blueberry in-dustries. In fiscal year 2013, more than 700 Mainers benefitted from these pro-grams, which led to an employment re-tention rate of more than 90 percent. In the last year alone, the Department of Labor approved TAA benefits for the hundreds of workers who lost their jobs with the closures of the Verso Paper mill in Bucksport, the Lincoln Paper and Tissue mill in Lincoln, the Great Northern Paper mill in East Millinocket, and the UTC Fire and Se-curity plant in Pittsfield. Previously, TAA benefited former employees of the Great Northern Paper mill in Millinocket when it closed, in addition to lobstermen and wild blueberry pro-ducers who needed help increasing the competitiveness of their unique com-modities. Recently, I had the oppor-tunity to visit Eastern Maine Commu-nity College and tour its Fine Wood-working and Cabinet Making Shop. I met with a group of students formerly employed at the Bucksport Verso Paper mill, who now have the oppor-tunity to learn a new skill because of the funds available through TAA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.026 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2297 April 21, 2015 
TAA has been vitally important in 
helping Maine workers, and those across the Nation, who have been harmed by trade get the skills and training they need to prepare for jobs in other industries. Reauthorization of trade adjustment assistance programs must be a part of the national trade policy debate, and I am pleased that the Senate recognized the importance of TAA by approving the bipartisan amendment that I authored to the Budget Resolution related to reauthor-izing TAA. I urge my colleagues to sup-port the bipartisan Trade Adjustment Assistance Enhancement Act of 2015 to continue crucial investments in the American worker and protect them from unfair trade practices and in-creased imports. 
f 
VOLUNTEER INCOME TAX 
ASSISTANCE ACT 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I support 
the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Act. Each year, tax payers across the country utilize accountants, tax soft-ware, and lawyers as they prepare their returns. For millions of low-income families, high-cost, high-tech tax as-sistance is not an option. As a result, the families most in need of tax prepa-ration assistance—low- and moderate- income families, including elderly and disabled taxpayers—will fail to file their taxes or miss out on valuable tax credits. 
The IRS created the Volunteer In-
come Tax Assistance, VITA program in 1969 to assist individuals and families in submitting their Federal tax re-turns. For decades, this program oper-ated predominantly with the resources and facilities of community partners. In 2007, Congress created a demonstra-tion program awarding matching grants to VITA sites to serve addi-tional low-income individuals and fam-ilies. Since 2008, the VITA grant pro-gram has grown to over 200 grant re-cipients but is still only able to fund about two-thirds of grant applicants. 
During the 2014 Federal income tax 
filing season, VITA programs filed ap-proximately 1.7 million tax returns. Of those 1.7 million returns, more than 551,000 claimed the Earned Income Tax Credit as part of nearly $2.5 billion in tax refunds that went to VITA tax fil-ers. In addition, VITA programs im-prove accuracy in the return process and reduce IRS costs by e-filing. In 2014, VITA program tax returns were e- filed 96 percent of the time, compared to 86 percent for the rest of the popu-lation. 
Funding for the VITA program re-
mains insufficient to meet demand and has not been made permanent. The Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Act would ensure that volunteers and non-profits across the country can continue to provide essential tax preparation services each spring by creating a per-manent matching grant program for VITA sites. The act would also build on the success of the VITA program by creating a National Center to Promote 
Quality, Excellence, and Evaluation in Volunteer Income Tax Assistance. Through the center, VITA’s many sites would have a mechanism to share best practices and create a more efficient and sustainable program to serve a large number of low- and middle-in-come families. 
I ask that my colleagues join me in 
supporting working families by cospon-soring the Volunteer Income Tax As-sistance Act. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SANOFI’S 
PENNSYLVANIA EMPLOYEES 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize the contributions to glob-al public health by the Pennsylvania employees of Sanofi. Yesterday, at the White House, they were presented with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office’s Patent for Humanity award, in rec-ognition of the development of a pat-ented chemical and industrial process for producing semi-synthetic artemisinin, which is used in the cre-ation of combination therapies, ACTs, treating malaria. 
Malaria is one of the most deadly in-
fectious diseases in the world, with 200 million cases in almost 100 countries. In 2013, an estimated 584,000 people died from malaria. This parasitic infection most significantly burdens countries with the highest rates of poverty. In Africa, where 90 percent of all malaria cases occur, one child dies every minute from the condition. 
Artemisinin is an important anti-
malarial drug derived from the sweet wormwood plant in Asia and Africa, but weather and other factors can yield an uncertain supply of natural artemisinin, threatening patients’ ac-cess. Thus, developing semi-synthetic artemisinin will enable a stable supply of high-quality medication at afford-able prices on a no-profit, no-loss model, lead to a stronger supply chain, and place more ACTs in the hands of the most vulnerable patients. Sanofi hopes to produce annually an average of 50 to 60 tons of artemisinin, which will produce 80 to 150 million ACT treatments. 
This project to produce semi-syn-
thetic artemisinin began in 2007, and involves a partnership with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the University of California Berkeley, the global health charity PATH, Sanofi, and Amirys. I would like to commend in particular Alain Werner, Robert Sebbag, and Philippe Charreau of Sanofi who led the organization’s work on this important project. Sanofi’s achievement is only one example of a rich history of dedicating its resources to combat the world’s most deadly dis-eases. Their work on malaria dates back to the 1930s. More recently, Sanofi, which has 112,000 employees and retains core strengths in human vaccines, animal health, consumer healthcare, diabetes, and rare diseases, created its Access to Medicines pro-gram to improve access to healthcare 
in the poorest countries. 
As the Senate continues to work on 
legislation to speed the development of therapies, I ask my colleagues keep in mind the important incentives and in-tellectual property protections that en-courage scientists, such as those re-sponsible for this breakthrough, to cre-ate lifesaving medicines for patients worldwide. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message from the President of the 
United States was communicated to the Senate by Mrs. Neiman, one of his secretaries. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
PROPOSED AGREEMENT FOR CO-
OPERATION BETWEEN THE GOV-ERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE GOVERNMENT OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA CON-CERNING PEACEFUL USES OF NUCLEAR ENERGY—PM 14 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with accompanying papers; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
I am pleased to transmit to the Con-
gress, pursuant to subsections 123 b. and 123 d. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended (42 U.S.C. 2153(b), (d)) (the ‘‘Act’’), the text of a proposed Agreement for Cooperation Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the People’s Republic of China Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy (the ‘‘Agreement’’). I am also pleased to transmit my written approval, author-ization, and determination concerning the Agreement, and an unclassified Nu-clear Proliferation Assessment State-ment (NPAS) concerning the Agree-ment. (In accordance with section 123 of the Act, as amended by Title XII of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Re-structuring Act of 1998 (Public Law 105– 277), two classified annexes to the NPAS, prepared by the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, summa-rizing relevant classified information, will be submitted to the Congress sepa-rately.) The joint memorandum sub-mitted to me by the Secretaries of State and Energy and a letter from the Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission stating the views of the Commission are also enclosed. An ad-dendum to the NPAS containing a comprehensive analysis of China’s ex-port control system with respect to nu-clear-related matters, including inter-actions with other countries of pro-liferation concern and the actual or suspected nuclear, dual-use, or missile- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21AP6.024 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2298 April 21, 2015 
related transfers to such countries, 
pursuant to section 102A(w) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(w)), is being submitted separately by the Director of National Intel-ligence. 
The proposed Agreement has been ne-
gotiated in accordance with the Act and other applicable law. In my judg-ment, it meets all applicable statutory requirements and will advance the non-proliferation and other foreign policy interests of the United States. 
The proposed Agreement provides a 
comprehensive framework for peaceful nuclear cooperation with China based on a mutual commitment to nuclear nonproliferation. It would permit the transfer of material, equipment (in-cluding reactors), components, infor-mation, and technology for nuclear re-search and nuclear power production. It does not permit transfers of any Re-stricted Data. Transfers of sensitive nuclear technology, sensitive nuclear facilities, and major critical compo-nents of such facilities may only occur 
if the Agreement is amended to cover such transfers. In the event of termi-nation, key nonproliferation conditions and controls continue with respect to material, equipment, and components subject to the Agreement. 
The proposed Agreement would obli-
gate the United States and China to work together to enhance their efforts to familiarize commercial entities in their respective countries about the re-quirements of the Agreement as well as national export controls and policies applicable to exports and imports sub-ject to the Agreement. It would have a term of 30 years from the date of its entry into force. Either party may ter-minate the proposed Agreement on at least 1 year’s written notice to the other party. 
Since the 1980s, China has become a 
party to several nonproliferation trea-ties and conventions and worked to bring its domestic export control au-thorities in line with international standards. China joined the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weap-ons in 1992 as a nuclear weapon state, brought into force an Additional Pro-tocol to its International Atomic En-ergy Agency safeguards agreement in 2002, and joined the Nuclear Suppliers Group in 2004. China is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which establishes international standards of physical protection for use, storage, and trans-port of nuclear material, and has rati-fied the 2005 Amendment to the Con-vention. A more detailed discussion of China’s civil nuclear program and its nuclear nonproliferation policies and practices, including its nuclear export policies and practices, is provided in the NPAS and in two classified annexes to the NPAS submitted to you sepa-rately. As noted above, the Director of National Intelligence will provide an addendum to the NPAS containing a comprehensive analysis of the export control system of China with respect to nuclear-related matters. I have considered the views and rec-
ommendations of the interested depart-ments and agencies in reviewing the 
proposed Agreement and have deter-mined that its performance will pro-mote, and will not constitute an unrea-sonable risk to, the common defense and security. Accordingly, I have ap-proved the proposed Agreement and au-thorized its execution and urge that the Congress give it favorable consider-ation. 
This transmission shall constitute a 
submittal for purposes of both sections 123 b. and 123 d. of the Act. My Admin-istration is prepared to begin imme-diately the consultations with the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee as provided in section 123 b. Upon com-pletion of the 30 days of continuous session review provided for in section 123 b., the 60 days of continuous session review provided for in section 123 d. shall commence. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , April 21, 2015. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
S. 1035. A bill to extend authority relating 
to roving surveillance, access to business records, and individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1306. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Director, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 15, 2015; to the Committees on Finance; and Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1307. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Jacksonville Harbor Project in Duval County, Florida, for the purpose of deep draft navigation; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1308. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Lead-based Paint Programs; Exten-sion of Renovator Certifications’’ ((RIN2070– AK04) (FRL No. 9925–71)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 15, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1309. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Idaho; Interstate Trans-port of Fine Particulate Matter’’ (FRL No. 9926–52–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 15, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–1310. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-
mentation Plans; Alabama: Non-interference Demonstration for Federal Low-Reid Vapor Pressure Requirement for the Birmingham Area’’ (FRL No. 9926–41–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 15, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–1311. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Redesignation Request and Associated Maintenance Plan for the Pennsylvania Por-tion of the Philadelphia-Wilmington, PA–NJ- DE Nonattainment Area for the 1997 Annual and 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Standard’’ (FRL No. 9926–43–Region 3) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 15, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1312. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Michigan; SO2 Rules’’ (FRL No. 9926–31–Region 5) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 15, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1313. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Indiana; CO Monitoring’’ (FRL No. 9926–29–Region 5) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 15, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1314. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality Implementation Plan; Florida; Attainment Plan for the Hillsborough Area for the 2008 Lead National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9926–34–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 15, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1315. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants; Delegation of Author-ity to Oklahoma’’ (FRL No. 9926–50–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 16, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1316. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Rhode Is-land: Prevention of Significant Deteriora-tion’’ (FRL No. 9926–51–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 16, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–1317. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Vermont: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9926–54–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.002 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2299 April 21, 2015 
Senate on April 16, 2015; to the Committee on 
Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1318. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; North Carolina; Charlotte; Base Year Emissions Inventory and Emis-sions Statement for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9926–47–Region 4) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 16, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1319. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Carbofuran; Reinstatement of Spe-cific Tolerances and Removal of Expired Tol-erances’’ (FRL No. 9925–70) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 15, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1320. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Right of Appeal for Medicare Sec-ondary Payer Determinations Relating to Liability Insurance (Including Self-Insur-ance), No-Fault Insurance, and Workers’ Compensation Laws and Plans’’ ((RIN0938– AS03) (CMS–6055-F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 16, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1321. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to sections 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–009); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–1322. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–002); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1323. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–136); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1324. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–134); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1325. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–126); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1326. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–108); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1327. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Hazardous and Solid Waste Manage-ment System; Disposal of Coal Combustion Residuals from Electric Utilities’’ (FRL No. 9919–44–OSWER) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 16, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1328. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-
cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Defense (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), Department of Defense, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 15, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–1329. A communication from the Prin-
cipal Deputy, Office of the Assistant Sec-retary of Defense (Reserve Affairs), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the 2014 annual re-port relative to the STARBASE Program; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1330. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Transferred OTS Regulations Regarding Possession by Conservators and Receivers for Federal and State Savings Associations’’ (RIN3064–AE17) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 15, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1331. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 15, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1332. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to a transaction involving U.S. exports to China; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1333. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a pe-tition to add workers who were employed at the St. Louis Airport Storage Site in St. Louis, to the Special Exposure Cohort; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1334. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Performance Standards for Ionizing Radiation Emitting Products; Fluoroscopic Equipment; Correction’’ (Dock-et No. FDA–2015–N–0828) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1335. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2014 Na-tional Healthcare Quality and Disparities Report’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1336. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘ANC 5C Did Not Comply Fully with the ANC Act’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1337. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2012 and fiscal year 2013 inventories of com-mercial and inherently governmental posi-tions in the Department of Transportation; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1338. A communication from the Dep-
uty General Counsel, Office of Policy, Plan-ning, and Liaison, Small Business Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Advisory Small Business Size Decisions’’ (RIN3245–AG59) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the 
Senate on April 20, 2014; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
EC–1339. A communication from the Dep-
uty Secretary of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting proposed legislation to authorize major medical facility projects for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
EC–1340. A communication from the Acting 
Director of the Regulation Policy and Man-agement Office of the General Counsel, Vet-erans Health Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technical Corrections to 38 CFR Part 3’’ (RIN2900– AP33) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–1341. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (23); Amdt. No. 3631’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1342. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (278); Amdt. No. 3632’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1343. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (49); Amdt. No. 3633’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1344. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (209); Amdt. No. 3634’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1345. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Short Brothers and Harlan Ltd. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1346. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; British Aerospace Regional Aircraft Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1093)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.004 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2300 April 21, 2015 
to the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation. 
EC–1347. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; GA 8 Airvan (Pty) Ltd Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–1123)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1348. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Lockheed Martin Corpora-tion/Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0749)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1349. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; BAE Systems (Operations) Limited Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0619)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1350. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0284)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1351. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2015–0489)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1352. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0579)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1353. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0752)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1354. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0229)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1355. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 
2013–1032)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1356. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pacific Aerospace Limited Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1357. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Prohibi-tion Against Certain Flights Within the Tripoli (HLLL) Flight Information Registra-tion (FIR); Extension of Expiration Date’’ ((RIN2120–AK70) (Docket No. FAA–2011–0246)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1358. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Coaldale, NV’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0871)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1359. A communication from the Fed-
eral Register Liaison Officer, Office of the General Counsel, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pat-ents and Other Intellectual Property Rights’’ (RIN2700–AE02) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1360. A communication from the Senior 
Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulation and Enforcement, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a rule enti-tled ‘‘Use of Electronic Chain of Custody and Control Form in DOT–Regulated Drug Test-ing Programs’’ (RIN2105–AE35) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1361. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2015–2017 Final Specifications for the Atlan-tic Mackerel, Squid, and Butterfly Fish-eries’’ (RIN0648–BE49) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HEINRICH: 
S. 1017. A bill to amend the Federal Power 
Act to improve the siting of interstate elec-tric transmission facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 1018. A bill to increase the penalty for 
fraudulent 9–1-1 calls that result in an emer-gency response from law enforcement agen-cies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
M
CCONNELL ): 
S. 1019. A bill to amend the Lacey Act 
Amendments of 1981 to repeal certain provi-sions relating to criminal penalties and vio-lations of foreign laws, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ): 
S. 1020. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to ensure the continued access of Medicare beneficiaries to diag-nostic imaging services, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. 
M
URPHY ): 
S. 1021. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to award grants to estab-lish, or expand upon, master’s degree pro-grams in orthotics and prosthetics, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. 
M
URPHY ): 
S. 1022. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense to award grants to fund research on orthotics and prosthetics, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mrs. 
G
ILLIBRAND ): 
S. 1023. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code to provide a refundable credit for costs associated with Information Sharing and Analysis Organizations; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. 
P
ORTMAN ): 
S. 1024. A bill to authorize the Great Lakes 
Restoration Initiative, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. TESTER: 
S. 1025. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to clar-ify when certain academic assessments shall be administered; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. H EITKAMP , 
and Mr. E NZI): 
S. 1026. A bill to amend the Energy Inde-
pendence and Security Act of 2007 to repeal a provision prohibiting Federal agencies from procuring alternative fuels; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mrs. 
G
ILLIBRAND ): 
S. 1027. A bill to require notification of in-
formation security breaches and to enhance penalties for cyber criminals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. PORTMAN: 
S. 1028. A bill to amend the Child Abuse 
Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services systems to improve the identification and assessment of 
child victims of sex trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. 
A
LEXANDER ): 
S. 1029. A bill to amend the Energy Policy 
and Conservation Act to prohibit the Sec-retary of Energy from prescribing a final rule amending the efficiency standards for residential non-weatherized gas furnaces or mobile home furnaces until an analysis has been completed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.005 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2301 April 21, 2015 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
PAUL): 
S. 1030. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide for clarification as to the meaning of access without authorization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Mr. 
A
LEXANDER ): 
S. 1031. A bill to amend the Workforce In-
novation and Opportunity Act to improve the Act; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
L
EE, Mr. V ITTER , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. 
FISCHER , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C OTTON , 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. W ICKER , Mrs. C APITO , 
Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. 
PERDUE ): 
S. 1032. A bill to expand the use of E– 
Verify, to hold employers accountable, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , Mr. U DALL , Mr. W YDEN , and 
Mr. H EINRICH ): 
S. 1033. A bill to amend the Department of 
Energy Organization Act to replace the cur-rent requirement for a biennial energy pol-icy plan with a Quadrennial Energy Review, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. WICKER: 
S. 1034. A bill to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Charles Clark United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and 
Mr. B URR): 
S. 1035. A bill to extend authority relating 
to roving surveillance, access to business records, and individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 and for other purposes; read the first time. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. 
CASEY , and Ms. M IKULSKI ): 
S. Res. 142. A resolution honoring the life 
of Rachel Carson; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
BOOKER , and Mr. M URPHY ): 
S. Res. 143. A resolution supporting efforts 
to ensure that students have access to debt- free higher education; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 122 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 122, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow for the personal importation of safe and affordable drugs from approved pharmacies in Canada. 
S. 142 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 142, a bill to require the Consumer Product Safety Commission to promul-gate a rule to require child safety 
packaging for liquid nicotine con-tainers, and for other purposes. 
S. 207 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
207, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use existing au-thorities to furnish health care at non- Department of Veterans Affairs facili-ties to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department that furnishes the care sought by the veteran, and for other purposes. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to pro-vide States with the option of pro-viding services to children with medi-cally complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for chil-dren with medically complex condi-tions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from Wis-
consin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 375 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 375, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a reduced rate of excise tax on beer pro-duced domestically by certain quali-fying producers. 
S. 377 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator 
from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 377, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to increase access to ambu-lance services under the Medicare pro-gram and to reform payments for such services under such program, and for other purposes. 
S. 398 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
398, a bill to amend the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001 and title 38, United States Code, to require the pro-vision of chiropractic care and services to veterans at all Department of Vet-erans Affairs medical centers and to expand access to such care and serv-ices, and for other purposes. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 439, a bill to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual ori-entation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from 
Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-peal the Medicare outpatient rehabili-tation therapy caps. 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 553, a bill to marshal resources to undertake a concerted, transformative effort that seeks to bring an end to modern slavery, and for other purposes. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure more timely access to home health services for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 615 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 615, a bill to provide for congres-sional review and oversight of agree-ments relating to Iran’s nuclear pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 619 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Cali-
fornia (Mrs. B OXER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 619, a bill to include among the principal trade negotiating objectives of the United States regard-ing commercial partnerships trade ne-gotiating objectives with respect to discouraging activity that discourages, penalizes, or otherwise limits commer-cial relations with Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator 
from New York (Mr. S CHUMER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screen-ing tests, regardless of whether thera-peutic intervention is required during the screening. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 667 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name 
of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R ISCH) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.006 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2302 April 21, 2015 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 667, a 
bill to ensure that organizations with religious or moral convictions are al-lowed to continue to provide services for children. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presump-tions relating to the exposure of cer-tain veterans who served in the vicin-ity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 700 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 700, a bill to amend the Asbestos Information Act of 1988 to establish a public database of asbestos-containing products, to require public disclosure of information pertaining to the manu-facture, processing, distribution, and use of asbestos-containing products in the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 743 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 743, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of the Armed Forces of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law, and for other purposes. 
S. 824 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 824, a bill to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 857 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator 
from Iowa (Mr. G RASSLEY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 857, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of an initial comprehen-sive care plan for Medicare bene-ficiaries newly diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s disease and related demen-tias, and for other purposes. 
S. 862 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 862, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 877 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 877, a bill to establish a pilot grant program to assist State and local law enforcement agencies in pur-chasing body-worn cameras for law en-forcement officers. S. 925 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Senator from Ha-
waii (Ms. H IRONO ), the Senator from 
Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ), the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) and 
the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 925, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to convene a panel of citizens to make a recommendation to the Secretary regarding the likeness of a woman on the twenty dollar bill, and for other purposes. 
S. 946 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 946, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to prohibit the transportation of horses in interstate transportation in a motor vehicle con-taining 2 or more levels stacked on top of one another. 
S. 957 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 957, a bill to increase ac-cess to capital for veteran entre-preneurs to help create jobs. 
S. 966 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 966, a bill to extend the low-in-terest refinancing provisions under the Local Development Business Loan Pro-gram of the Small Business Adminis-tration. 
S. 975 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 975, a bill to prohibit the award of Federal Government con-tracts to inverted domestic corpora-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 993 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 993, a bill to increase public safety by facilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems. 
S. 994 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 994, a bill to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Of-fice Building’’. 
S. 1006 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1006, a bill to incentivize early adoption of positive train control, and for other purposes. S. RES. 140 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from Illi-
nois (Mr. D URBIN ), the Senator from 
Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ), the Senator 
from Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ), 
the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B EN-
NET) and the Senator from New Mexico 
(Mr. U DALL ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. Res. 140, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and 
Mr. M URPHY ): 
S. 1021. A bill to require the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs to award grants to establish, or expand upon, master’s degree programs in orthotics and prosthetics, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1021 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Wounded 
Warrior Workforce Enhancement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ORTHOTICS AND PROSTHETICS EDU-
CATION IMPROVEMENT. 
(a) G RANTS REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs shall award grants to eligible institu-tions to enable the eligible institutions— 
(A) to establish a master’s degree program 
in orthotics and prosthetics; or 
(B) to expand upon an existing master’s de-
gree program in orthotics and prosthetics, including by admitting more students, fur-ther training faculty, expanding facilities, or increasing cooperation with the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense. 
(2) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall give pri-
ority in the award of grants under this sec-tion to eligible institutions that have en-tered into a partnership with a medical cen-ter or clinic administered by the Department of Veterans Affairs or a facility administered by the Department of Defense, including by providing clinical rotations at such medical center, clinic, or facility. 
(3) G
RANT AMOUNTS .—Grants awarded 
under this section shall be in amounts of not less than $1,000,000 and not more than $1,500,000. 
(b) R
EQUESTS FOR PROPOSALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually there-after for two years, the Secretary shall issue a request for proposals from eligible institu-tions for grants under this section. 
(2) P
ROPOSALS .—An eligible institution 
that seeks the award of a grant under this section shall submit an application therefor to the Secretary at such time, in such man-ner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require, including— 
(A) demonstration of a willingness and 
ability to participate in a partnership de-scribed in subsection (a)(2); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.007 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2303 April 21, 2015 
(B) a commitment, and demonstration of 
an ability, to maintain an accredited orthotics and prosthetics education program after the end of the grant period. 
(c) G
RANT USES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible institution 
awarded a grant under this section shall use grant amounts to carry out any of the fol-lowing: 
(A) Building new or expanding existing 
orthotics and prosthetics master’s degree programs. 
(B) Training doctoral candidates in fields 
related to orthotics and prosthetics to pre-pare them to instruct in orthotics and pros-thetics programs. 
(C) Training faculty in orthotics and pros-
thetics education or related fields for the purpose of instruction in orthotics and pros-thetics programs. 
(D) Salary supplementation for faculty in 
orthotics and prosthetics education. 
(E) Financial aid that allows eligible insti-
tutions to admit additional students to study orthotics and prosthetics. 
(F) Funding faculty research projects or 
faculty time to undertake research in the areas of orthotics and prosthetics for the purpose of furthering their teaching abili-ties. 
(G) Renovation of buildings or minor con-
struction to house orthotics and prosthetics education programs. 
(H) Purchasing equipment for orthotics 
and prosthetics education. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON CONSTRUCTION .—An eligi-
ble institution awarded a grant under this section may use not more than 50 percent of the grant amount to carry out paragraph (1)(G). 
(3) A
DMISSIONS PREFERENCE .—An eligible 
institution awarded a grant under this sec-tion shall give preference in admission to the orthotics and prosthetics master’s degree programs to veterans, to the extent prac-ticable. 
(4) P
ERIOD OF USE OF FUNDS .—An eligible 
institution awarded a grant under this sec-tion may use the grant funds for a period of three years after the award of the grant. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘eligible institution’’ means 
an educational institution that offers an orthotics and prosthetics education program that— 
(A) is accredited by the National Commis-
sion on Orthotic and Prosthetic Education in cooperation with the Commission on Accred-itation of Allied Health Education Programs; or 
(B) demonstrates an ability to meet the ac-
creditation requirements for orthotic and prosthetic education from the National Com-mission on Orthotic and Prosthetic Edu-cation in cooperation with the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs if the institution receives a grant under this section. 
(2) The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be 
appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, $15,000,000 to carry out this section. The amount so au-thorized to be appropriated shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
(2) U
NOBLIGATED AMOUNTS TO BE RETURNED  
TO THE TREASURY .—Any amounts authorized 
to be appropriated by paragraph (1) that are not obligated by the Secretary as of Sep-tember 30, 2018, shall be returned to the Treasury of the United States. SEC. 3. CENTER OF EXCELLENCE IN ORTHOTIC 
AND PROSTHETIC EDUCATION. 
(a) G RANT FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF CEN-
TER.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs shall award a grant to an eligible in-stitution to enable the eligible institution— 
(A) to establish the Center of Excellence in 
Orthotic and Prosthetic Education (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Center’’); and 
(B) to enable the eligible institution to im-
prove orthotic and prosthetic outcomes for veterans, members of the Armed Forces, and civilians by conducting evidence-based re-search on— 
(i) the knowledge, skills, and training most 
needed by clinical professionals in the field of orthotics and prosthetics; and 
(ii) how to most effectively prepare clinical 
professionals to provide effective, high-qual-ity orthotic and prosthetic care. 
(2) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall give pri-
ority in the award of a grant under this sec-tion to an eligible institution that has in force, or demonstrates the willingness and ability to enter into, a memoranda of under-standing with the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Defense, or other appropriate Government agency, or a cooper-ative agreement with an appropriate private sector entity, which memorandum of under-standing or cooperative agreement provides for either, or both, of the following: 
(A) The provision of resources, whether in 
cash or in kind, to the Center. 
(B) Assistance to the Center in conducting 
research and disseminating the results of such research. 
(3) G
RANT AMOUNT .—The grant awarded 
under this section shall be in the amount of $5,000,000. 
(b) R
EQUESTS FOR PROPOSALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a request for pro-posals from eligible institutions for the grant under this section. 
(2) P
ROPOSALS .—An eligible institution 
that seeks the award of the grant under this section shall submit an application therefor to the Secretary at such time, in such man-ner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require. 
(c) G
RANT USES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The eligible institution 
awarded the grant under this section shall use the grant amount as follows: 
(A) To develop an agenda for orthotics and 
prosthetics education research. 
(B) To fund research in the area of 
orthotics and prosthetics education. 
(C) To publish or otherwise disseminate re-
search findings relating to orthotics and prosthetics education. 
(2) P
ERIOD OF USE OF FUNDS .—The eligible 
institution awarded the grant under this sec-tion may use the grant amount for a period of five years after the award of the grant. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘eligible institution’’ means 
an educational institution that— 
(A) has a robust research program; (B) offers an orthotics and prosthetics edu-
cation program that is accredited by the Na-tional Commission on Orthotic and Pros-thetic Education in cooperation with the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs; 
(C) is well recognized in the field of 
orthotics and prosthetics education; and 
(D) has an established association with— (i) a medical center or clinic of the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs; and 
(ii) a local rehabilitation hospital. (2) The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, $5,000,000 to carry out this sec-tion. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and 
Mr. M URPHY ): 
S. 1022. A bill to require the Sec-
retary of Defense to award grants to fund research on orthotics and pros-thetics, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1022 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Wounded 
Warrior Research Enhancement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ORTHOTIC AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of the grants 
described in this section is to advance orthotic and prosthetic clinical care for members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and civilians who have undergone amputation, traumatic brain injury, and other serious physical injury as a result of combat or mili-tary experience. 
(b) G
RANTS FOR RESEARCH ON PATIENT OUT-
COMES .—The Secretary of Defense shall 
award grants to persons to carry out re-search on the following: 
(1) The actions that can be taken to pre-
vent amputation of limbs. 
(2) The point in the course of patient treat-
ment during which orthotic and prosthetic intervention is most effective. 
(3) The orthotic interventions that are 
most effective in treating the physical ef-fects of traumatic brain injury. 
(4) The patients that benefit most from 
particular orthotic and prosthetic tech-nologies. 
(5) The orthotic and prosthetic services 
that best facilitate the return to active duty of members of the Armed Forces. 
(6) The effect of the aging process on the 
use of prosthetics, including— 
(A) increased skin breakdown; (B) loss of balance; (C) falls; and (D) other issues that arise during the aging 
process. 
(c) G
RANTS ON MATERIALS RESEARCH .—The 
Secretary shall award grants to persons to carry out research on the following: 
(1) The improvement of existing materials 
used in orthotics and prosthetics for the pur-pose of improving quality of life and health outcomes for individuals with limb loss. 
(2) The development of new materials used 
in orthotics and prosthetics for the purpose of improving quality of life and health out-comes for individuals with limb loss. 
(d) G
RANTS ON TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH .— 
The Secretary shall award grants to persons to carry out research on the following: 
(1) The improvement of existing orthotic 
and prosthetic technology and devices for the purpose of improving quality of life and health outcomes for individuals with limb loss. 
(2) The development of new orthotic and 
prosthetic technology and devices for the purpose of improving quality of life and health outcomes for individuals with limb loss. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.014 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2304 April 21, 2015 
(e) R EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .—A person 
seeking the award of a grant under this sec-tion shall submit to the Secretary an appli-cation therefor in the form and accompanied by such information as the Secretary shall require. 
(f) A
WARD REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) P EER-REVIEWED PROPOSALS .—Grants 
under this section may be awarded only for research that is peer-reviewed. 
(2) C
OMPETITIVE PROCEDURES .—Grants 
under this section shall be awarded through competitive procedures. 
(g) G
RANT USE.—A person awarded a grant 
under subsection (b), (c), or (d) shall use the grant amount to carry out the research de-scribed in the applicable subsection. 
(h) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, veterans, community-based clinicians, and expert researchers in the field of orthotics and prosthetics, submit to Congress a report setting forth the following: 
(1) An agenda for orthotic and prosthetic 
research that identifies and prioritizes the most significant unanswered orthotic and prosthetic research questions pertinent to the provision of evidence-based clinical care to members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and civilians. 
(2) For each report after the initial report 
under this subsection— 
(A) a summary of how the grants awarded 
under subsection (b) are addressing the most significant orthotic and prosthetic needs; and 
(B) the progress made towards resolving 
orthotic and prosthetic challenges facing members of the Armed Forces and veterans. 
(i) V
ETERAN DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of De-fense for the Defense Health Program, $30,000,000 to carry out this section. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): 
S. 1027. A bill to require notification 
of information security breaches and to enhance penalties for cyber criminals, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
rise to speak about two bipartisan bills that would help to modernize the way this country approaches cyber secu-rity. 
Congress needs to get with the times 
and realize that the Internet is no longer a new concept. Swiping a credit card, conducting online banking, stor-ing prescription records online—these are not new activities. The cloud is no longer new. Hackers are no longer new. So why are we still so taken aback, in shock, every time we suffer another major cyber attack? Why are we still not requiring that consumers be noti-fied when their information has been stolen? Why aren’t we unleashing law enforcement to go after cyber crimi-nals? 
If we want to defend against 21st-cen-
tury threats, then we have to bring our laws into the 21st century. We have to get out of the mindset that the only way we can be hurt is from an actual 
physical attack. Hackers don’t operate on battlefields; they operate in base-ments and in cubicles. 
Our approach to cyber security so far 
has been certifiably wrong. We have the largest defense budget in the world by far, but that hasn’t stopped our hos-pitals and banks from falling victim to a near constant barrage of attacks. 
Last year, data breaches in this coun-try hit a record high; they were up more than 27 percent from the year be-fore. In New York State, between 2006 and 2013, we had nearly 5,000 individual data breaches that were reported by businesses, not-for-profits, and govern-ment entities. In the same period, 23 million personal records of New York-ers were exposed to criminals. And that is just my home State. Imagine how big that number actually is nation-wide. 
We are long overdue for a new na-
tional approach to cyber security, and I am introducing two bills that would finally make this happen. The first is the Data Breach Notification and Pun-ishing Cyber Criminals Act. It would set, for the first time, a national stand-ard for how and when victims of cyber attacks will be informed. When an at-tack takes place on a business, for ex-ample, one that has your financial data or medical information, this law would require that you be informed quickly, with information about what was tar-geted, what was taken, and whether you were personally affected. This bill would seriously increase the penalties on people found guilty of hacking and cyber crime. It would raise the allow-able fines and imprisonment sentences for many of the most common cyber crimes, including identity theft and theft of personal information. 
The second bill is the Cybersecurity 
Information Sharing Credit Act—a bill that would incentivize America’s busi-nesses to share cyber security informa-tion critical to preventing attacks, without having to involve their com-petitors. Instead, businesses would be encouraged, with significant tax cred-its, to adopt the preferred, most effi-cient method for information sharing; that is, membership in private, sector- specific cyber security networks de-signed to protect an industry, such as health care and hospitals, from attack. At the individual level, companies, hospitals, and banks can only do so much to protect us. Any good cyber de-fense has to involve information shar-ing so that patterns can be recognized, industries can bolster their defenses, and the same hacks aren’t just re-peated over and over again. 
To modernize America’s approach to 
cyber security, we as individuals have to take action, companies have to take action, law enforcement has to take ac-tion, and local governments must take action. Most importantly and most ur-gently, Congress has to take action. We desperately need to modernize our cyber security laws. I urge my col-leagues to support these two bills. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. P
AUL): 
S. 1030. A bill to amend title 18, 
United States Code, to provide for clar-ification as to the meaning of access without authorization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I 
am reintroducing the Aaron’s Law Act of 2015 to reform the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, a sweeping anti-hack-ing law that criminalizes many forms of common Internet and computer use. This overly broad law currently allows breathtaking levels of prosecutorial discretion that invites serious overuse and abuse. 
Together with Senator R
AND PAUL, 
and my colleagues in the House of Rep-resentatives, we introduce legislation to fix the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act which is long overdue for reform. Aaron’s Law would curb the abuses of this outdated law while still preserving the tools needed to prosecute malicious attacks. 
Our bill, inspired by the late Internet 
innovator and activist Aaron Swartz, who faced up to 35 years in prison for an act of civil disobedience, would re-form the quarter-century-old law to better reflect computer and Internet activities in the digital age. Numerous and recent instances of heavy-handed prosecutions for non-malicious com-puter crimes have raised serious ques-tions as to how the law treats viola-tions of terms of service, employer agreement or website notices. 
Aaron’s Law is smart legislation that 
keeps up with the constant evolution of the Internet, and honors the late Aaron Swartz. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1030 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Aaron’s Law 
Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFYING THAT ‘‘ACCESS WITHOUT AU-
THORIZATION’’ UNDER SECTION 1030 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, MEANS CIRCUMVENTION OF TECH-NOLOGICAL BARRIERS IN ORDER TO GAIN UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1030(e)(6) of title 
18, United States Code, is amended by— 
(1) striking ‘‘exceeds authorized access’’ 
and all that follows; and 
(2) inserting the following: ‘‘‘access with-
out authorization’ means— 
‘‘(A) to obtain information on a protected 
computer; 
‘‘(B) that the accesser lacks authorization 
to obtain; and 
‘‘(C) by knowingly circumventing one or 
more technological or physical measures that are designed to exclude or prevent un-authorized individuals from obtaining that information;’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1030 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.009 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2305 April 21, 2015 
(1) in subsection (d)(10), by striking ‘‘unau-
thorized access, or exceeding authorized ac-cess, to a’’ and inserting ‘‘access without au-thorization of a protected’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘exceeds authorized access’’ 
each place it appears. 
SEC. 3. ELIMINATING REDUNDANCY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 1030(a) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (4); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and 
(7) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respec-tively. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
1030 of title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(a)(6)’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(a)(5)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(4) or (a)(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a)(6)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(4), or (a)(7)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a)(6)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), in the matter 
preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(5)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(4)(B)’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking 
‘‘subsection (a)(5)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a)(4)(A)’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (C)(i), by striking 
‘‘subsection (a)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(4)’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (D)(i), by striking 
‘‘subsection (a)(5)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a)(4)(C)’’; 
(v) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(5)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(4)(A)’’; 
(vi) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(5)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(4)(A)’’; and 
(vii) in subparagraph (G)(i), by striking 
‘‘subsection (a)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(4)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(4)’’. 
SEC. 4. MAKING PENALTIES PROPORTIONAL TO 
CRIMES. 
(a) Section 1030(c)(2) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘conviction for another’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsequent’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘such’’ after ‘‘attempt to 
commit’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by inserting 
after ‘‘financial gain’’ the following: ‘‘and the fair market value of the information ob-tained exceeds $5,000’’; 
(3) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘the 
offense was committed’’ and all that follows through the semicolon, and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘the offense was committed in fur-therance of any criminal act in violation of the Constitution or laws of the United States or of any State punishable by a term of im-prisonment greater than one year, unless such criminal acts are prohibited by this sec-tion or such State violation would be based solely on accessing information without au-thorization;’’; 
(4) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by inserting 
‘‘fair market’’ before ‘‘value’’; and 
(5) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘conviction for another’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsequent’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘such’’ after ‘‘attempt to 
commit’’. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, 
Mr. L EE, Mr. V ITTER , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. 
COTTON , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
WICKER , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. 
PERDUE ): 
S. 1032. A bill to expand the use of E– 
Verify, to hold employers accountable, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, in 
1986, Congress made it unlawful for em-ployers to knowingly hire or employ individuals who are not eligible to work in the United States. Identity theft and counterfeit documents have made a mockery of this law. 
Under current law, if the documents 
provided by an employee reasonably appear on their face to be genuine, the employer has met its obligation to re-view the worker’s documents. This is why Congress created a pilot program, known as the Basic Pilot program, to help employers verify the work eligi-bility of its new hires. 
This program has allowed employers 
to check records maintained by the De-partment of Homeland Security and the Social Security Administration. It was successful, and in 2003, Congress made the program available in all 50 States. 
Now known as E-Verify, this nation-
wide program is free for employers and accessible via the internet. This pro-gram has been a valuable tool for those who want to hire a legal workforce. Employers like it. In fact, according to Westat, a private statistical survey re-search corporation that conducted a survey last year, 97 percent of employ-ers found E-Verify user-friendly, and 92 percent said the program was effective. Employers also reported that ‘‘E- Verify takes the guess work out of de-termining the validity of documents, provides immediate results, offers reas-surance that the company is not hiring unauthorized workers, and helps them to show a good faith effort to comply with the law.’’ 
So, today, along with several col-
leagues, I am introducing legislation to permanently authorize and expand the E-Verify program. My bill, the Ac-countability Through Electronic Verification Act, will ensure that em-ployers can rely on this program while holding them accountable for their hir-ing practices. 
My bill would make E-Verify a staple 
in every workplace. It would pave the way to modify and simplify the I–9 process required today. It would in-crease penalties on employers who hire people unauthorized to work in the country. Employers would be required to check the status of current employ-ees within three years, and would allow employers to run a check prior to offer-ing a job, saving that employer valu-able time and resources. Employers will also be required to re-check those workers whose authorization is about to expire, such as those who come to the United States on temporary visas. 
As Congress considers the reauthor-
ization of E-Verify this year, I hope my bill will be a starting point for discus-
sion. We need to enhance and expand the program so that our immigration laws are being upheld. I hope my col-leagues will consider joining me in making E-Verify a permanent part of our immigration laws. 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself 
and Mr. B URR): 
S. 1035. A bill to extend authority re-
lating to roving surveillance, access to business records, and individual terror-ists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 and for other purposes; read the first time. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1035 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY UNDER 
THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SUR-VEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) R OVING SURVEILLANCE AND ACCESS TO  
BUSINESS RECORDS .—Section 102(b)(1) of the 
USA PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthor-ization Act of 2005 (50 U.S.C. 1805 note) is amended by striking ‘‘June 1, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. 
(b) I
NDIVIDUAL TERRORISTS AS AGENTS OF  
FOREIGN POWERS .—Section 6001(b)(1) of the 
Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Preven-tion Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 1801 note) is amended by striking ‘‘June 1, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 142—HON-
ORING THE LIFE OF RACHEL CARSON 
Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , 
and Ms. M IKULSKI ) submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 142 
Whereas May 27, 2007, marked the centen-
nial of the birth of Rachel Carson, a long-time Maryland resident, a noted author, and an environmental visionary; 
Whereas Rachel Carson was born on May 
27, 1907, in Springdale, of western Pennsyl-vania, where she learned to love nature while exploring the Allegheny River with her fam-ily and friends; 
Whereas Rachel Carson graduated magna 
cum laude from Pennsylvania College for Women (now known as ‘‘Chatham Univer-sity’’) in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1928, and went on to earn her master’s degree in zoology from The Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1932; 
Whereas Rachel Carson abandoned her pur-
suit of a doctorate degree in 1935 when her father died so that she could provide finan-cial support for her aging mother by taking part-time teaching positions at The Johns Hopkins University and the University of Maryland as well as a position as a writer for the United States Bureau of Fisheries (now known as the ‘‘United States Fish and Wild-life Service’’); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.013 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2306 April 21, 2015 
Whereas Rachel Carson continued her writ-
ing career with feature columns in the Balti-more Sun on the marine life of the Chesa-peake Bay until she was employed full-time in the Federal Government where she rose to become the editor-in-chief for all Fish and Wildlife Service publications; 
Whereas Rachel Carson’s first book, 
‘‘Under the Sea-Wind’’, published in 1941, gave readers across the country a chance to enjoy her poetic style and her careful use of scientific information for the first time; 
Whereas Rachel Carson’s second book, 
‘‘The Sea Around Us’’, earned the 1952 Na-tional Book Award and allowed her to fully devote her time to her writing career; 
Whereas Rachel Carson’s guide to seashore 
life, ‘‘The Edge of the Sea’’, was published in 1955 and became another best seller; 
Whereas in 1962, while a resident of Silver 
Spring, Maryland, Rachel Carson wrote ‘‘Si-lent Spring’’, a book that detailed how syn-thetic chemicals accumulate in water, soils, fish, and animals, including birds; 
Whereas President John F. Kennedy con-
vened an expert panel of scientists that con-firmed Rachel Carson’s scientific findings, leading to the domestic ban on the sale of the chemical 
dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (commonly known as ‘‘DDT’’) in 1972, an action that many individuals credit with saving the bald eagle from extinction; 
Whereas in 2015, there are more bald eagles 
in the Chesapeake Bay Watershed than there were in the entire lower 48 States in 1972; and 
Whereas Rachel Carson passed away on 
April 14, 1964, at her home in Silver Spring, Maryland, leaving behind a history of tire-less advocacy on behalf of the natural world, a legacy of scientific rigor coupled with po-etic sensibility, and a book that helped launch the modern environmental move-ment: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate honors the life of 
Rachel Carson, a scientist, writer, and pio-neer of the environmental movement. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 143—SUP-
PORTING EFFORTS TO ENSURE THAT STUDENTS HAVE ACCESS TO DEBT-FREE HIGHER EDU-CATION 
Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. R EEDof Rhode 
Island, Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. M URPHY ) 
submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions: 
S. R ES. 143 
Whereas the economic competitiveness of 
the United States in the global economy re-quires a well-educated workforce; 
Whereas current and future young people 
in the United States should have the same opportunity offered to those who went to college in previous generations, including the ability to attend State colleges and uni-versities without taking on burdensome debt; 
Whereas, in 2015, higher education is more 
important than ever because it is an essen-tial step to entering and remaining in the middle class; 
Whereas, because of the importance of 
higher education, the United States should expand the opportunity to pursue and attain higher education to more people than had that opportunity in the past; 
Whereas public investment in higher edu-
cation pays off, as evidenced by the fact that workers with college degrees earn more money, pay more taxes, and rely less on gov-ernment services; and Whereas student loan debt saddles the very 
students who most depend on a college de-gree to level the economic playing field with a burden that— 
(1) constrains the career choices and hurts 
the credit rating of the students; 
(2) prevents people from fully participating 
in the economy by purchasing goods and services; and 
(3) threatens essential milestones of the 
American dream, including the purchase of a home or car, starting a family, and saving for retirement: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate supports ef-
forts— 
(1) to ensure that, through a combination 
of efforts, all students have access to debt- free higher education, defined to mean hav-ing no debt upon graduation from all public institutions of higher education; 
(2) to provide support to States so States 
can make increased investments in higher education that will result in lower tuition and costs for students; 
(3) to increase financial aid to students to 
help them afford the total cost of college at-tendance without taking on debt; 
(4) to encourage innovation by States and 
institutions of higher education to cut costs for students and make college more afford-able by increasing efficiency and enabling speedy and less-costly degree completion; and 
(5) to reduce the burden of existing student 
loan debt. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1123. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1124. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mrs. 
M
URRAY , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1125. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1126. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1127. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1128. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1123. Mr. KIRK submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SUSPENSION AND REMOVAL FOR 
MAJOR MALFEASANCE, CRIMINAL CONDUCT, AND OTHER MISCONDUCT AT ODDS WITH THE MISSION OF AN AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 75 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subchapter VI—Major Malfeasance, Crimi-
nal Conduct, and Other Misconduct at Odds With the Mission of an Agency 
‘‘§ 7551. Definitions 
‘‘In this subchapter— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 551; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘employee’ means an indi-
vidual employed by an agency; and 
‘‘(3) the term ‘suspension’ means the plac-
ing of an employee, for disciplinary reasons, in a temporary status without duties and pay. 
‘‘§ 7552. Suspension and removal 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this chapter, or any other provision of law, the head of an agency may suspend without pay an employee of the agency if the head of the agency deter-
mines— 
‘‘(1) the employee has engaged in major 
malfeasance, criminal conduct, or other mis-conduct at odds with the mission of the agency; or 
‘‘(2) the employee failed to report major 
malfeasance, criminal conduct, or other mis-conduct at odds with the mission of the agency the employee knows was engaged in by an employee of the agency who is super-vised by the employee. 
‘‘(b) N
OTICE AND OPPORTUNITY TO BE 
HEARD .—For an employee suspended under 
subsection (a)— 
‘‘(1) the head of an agency shall notify the 
employee of the reasons for the suspension; and 
‘‘(2) not later than 30 days after the date of 
the notification, the employee is entitled to submit to the officer designated by the head of the agency statements or affidavits to show why the employee should be restored to duty. 
‘‘(c) R
EMOVAL .—Subject to subsection (d), 
the head of an agency may remove an em-ployee suspended under subsection (a) if, after such investigation and review as the head of the agency considers necessary, the head of the agency determines that removal is necessary or advisable, in light of the major malfeasance, criminal conduct, or other misconduct at issue. The determina-tion of the head of the agency under this subsection is final. 
‘‘(d) P
ROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An employee described 
in paragraph (2) is entitled, after suspension and before removal, to— 
‘‘(A) not later than 30 days after the date 
of the notification of the suspension, a writ-ten statement of the charges against the em-ployee, which— 
‘‘(i) not later than 30 days after providing 
the written statement, may be amended; and 
‘‘(ii) shall be stated as specifically as pos-
sible; 
‘‘(B) not later than 30 days after the later 
of the date on which the written statement is provided or the date on which the written statement is amended, an opportunity to an-swer the charges and submit affidavits; 
‘‘(C) a hearing, at the request of the em-
ployee, by an agency authority duly con-stituted for this purpose; 
‘‘(D) a review of the matter by the head of 
the agency or a designee, before a decision adverse to the employee is made final; and 
‘‘(E) a written statement of the decision of 
the head of the agency. 
‘‘(2) E
MPLOYEES COVERED .—An employee 
described in this paragraph is an employee who— 
‘‘(A) is suspended under subsection (a) of 
this section; 
‘‘(B) has a permanent or indefinite appoint-
ment; 
‘‘(C) has completed his probationary or 
trial period; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.018 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2307 April 21, 2015 
‘‘(D) is a citizen of the United States.’’. 
(b) T ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 75 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘
SUBCHAPTER VI —MAJOR MALFEASANCE , CRIMI -
NAL CONDUCT , AND OTHER MISCONDUCT AT  
ODDS WITH THE MISSION OF AN AGENCY  
‘‘7551. Definitions. 
‘‘7552. Suspension and removal.’’. 
SA 1124. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, 
Mrs. M URRAY , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 101 and insert the following: 
SEC. 101. DOMESTIC TRAFFICKING VICTIMS’ 
FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 201 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 3014. Additional special assessment 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Beginning on the date of 
enactment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 and ending on September 30, 2019, in addition to the assessment im-posed under section 3013, the court shall as-sess an amount of $5,000 on any non-indigent person or entity convicted of an offense under— 
‘‘(1) chapter 77 (relating to peonage, slav-
ery, and trafficking in persons); 
‘‘(2) chapter 109A (relating to sexual 
abuse); 
‘‘(3) chapter 110 (relating to sexual exploi-
tation and other abuse of children); 
‘‘(4) chapter 117 (relating to transportation 
for illegal sexual activity and related crimes); or 
‘‘(5) section 274 of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324) (relating to human smuggling), unless the person in-duced, assisted, abetted, or aided only an in-dividual who at the time of such action was the alien’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter (and no other individual) to enter the United States in violation of law. 
‘‘(b) S
ATISFACTION OF OTHER COURT -OR-
DERED OBLIGATIONS .—An assessment under 
subsection (a) shall not be payable until the person subject to the assessment has satis-fied all outstanding court-ordered fines, or-ders of restitution, and any other obligation related to victim-compensation arising from the criminal convictions on which the spe-cial assessment is based. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF DOMESTIC TRAF-
FICKING VICTIMS ’ FUND.—There is established 
in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund’ (referred to in this section as the ‘Fund’), to be administered by the Attor-ney General, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. 
‘‘(d) T
RANSFERS .—In a manner consistent 
with section 3302(b) of title 31, there shall be transferred to the Fund from the General Fund of the Treasury an amount equal to the amount of the assessments collected under this section, which shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts in the 
Fund, in addition to any other amounts available, and without further appropriation, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019, use amounts available in the Fund to award grants or enhance victims’ program-ming under— ‘‘(A) section 204 of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044c); 
‘‘(B) subsections (b)(2) and (f) of section 107 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
‘‘(C) section 214(b) of the Victims of Child 
Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in 
subsection (h)(2), none of the amounts in the Fund may be used to provide health care or medical items or services. 
‘‘(f) C
OLLECTION METHOD .—The amount as-
sessed under subsection (a) shall, subject to subsection (b), be collected in the manner that fines are collected in criminal cases. 
‘‘(g) D
URATION OF OBLIGATION .—Subject to 
section 3613(b), the obligation to pay an as-sessment imposed on or after the date of en-actment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 shall not cease until the assessment is paid in full. 
‘‘(h) H
EALTH OR MEDICAL SERVICES .— 
‘‘(1) T RANSFER OF FUNDS .—From amounts 
appropriated under section 10503(b)(1)(E) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–2(b)(1)(E)), as amended by section 221 of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, there shall be transferred to the Fund an amount equal to the amount transferred under subsection (d) for each fiscal year, except that the amount transferred under this paragraph shall not be less than $5,000,000 or more than $30,000,000 in each such fiscal year, and such amounts shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Attorney General, 
in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall use amounts transferred to the Fund under paragraph (1) to award grants that may be used for the provision of health care or medical items or services to victims of trafficking under— 
‘‘(A) sections 202, 203, and 204 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044a, 14044b, and 14044c); 
‘‘(B) subsections (b)(2) and (f) of section 107 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
‘‘(C) section 214(b) of the Victims of Child 
Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(3) G
RANTS .—Of the amounts in the Fund 
used under paragraph (1), not less than $2,000,000, if such amounts are available in the Fund during the relevant fiscal year, shall be used for grants to provide services for child pornography victims under section 214(b) of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION OF PROVISION .—The appli-
cation of the provisions of section 221(c) of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 shall continue to apply to the amounts transferred pursuant to para-graph (1).’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 201 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3013 the following: 
‘‘3014. Additional special assessment.’’. 
SA 1125. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE IV—FEDERAL RESERVE 
TRANSPARENCY ACT 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Re-
serve Transparency Act of 2015’’ SEC. 402. AUDIT REFORM AND TRANSPARENCY 
FOR THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
714 of title 31, United States Code, or any other provision of law, an audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks under sub-section (b) of such section 714 shall be com-pleted within 12 months of the date of enact-ment of this title. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A report on the audit re-
quired under subsection (a) shall be sub-mitted by the Comptroller General to the Congress before the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date on which such audit is completed and made available to the Speak-er of the House, the majority and minority leaders of the House of Representatives, the majority and minority leaders of the Senate, the Chairman and Ranking Member of the committee and each subcommittee of juris-diction in the House of Representatives and the Senate, and any other Member of Con-gress who requests it. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under paragraph 
(1) shall include a detailed description of the findings and conclusion of the Comptroller General with respect to the audit that is the subject of the report, together with such rec-ommendations for legislative or administra-tive action as the Comptroller General may determine to be appropriate. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF CERTAIN LIMITATIONS .—Sub-
section (b) of section 714 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking all after ‘‘in writing.’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 714 of title 31, United States 
Code, is amended by striking subsection (f). 
SEC. 403. AUDIT OF LOAN FILE REVIEWS RE-
QUIRED BY ENFORCEMENT AC-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct an audit of the review of loan files of homeowners in foreclosure in 2009 or 2010, required as part of the enforcement actions taken by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System against supervised financial institutions. 
(b) C
ONTENT OF AUDIT.—The audit carried 
out pursuant to subsection (a) shall consider, at a minimum— 
(1) the guidance given by the Board of Gov-
ernors of the Federal Reserve System to independent consultants retained by the su-pervised financial institutions regarding the procedures to be followed in conducting the file reviews; 
(2) the factors considered by independent 
consultants when evaluating loan files; 
(3) the results obtained by the independent 
consultants pursuant to those reviews; 
(4) the determinations made by the inde-
pendent consultants regarding the nature and extent of financial injury sustained by each homeowner as well as the level and type of remediation offered to each homeowner; and 
(5) the specific measures taken by the inde-
pendent consultants to verify, confirm, or rebut the assertions and representations made by supervised financial institutions re-garding the contents of loan files and the ex-tent of financial injury to homeowners. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 
6-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this title, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall issue a report to the Congress con-taining all findings and determinations made in carrying out the audit required under sub-section (a). 
SA 1126. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.021 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2308 April 21, 2015 
was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-
lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 118. EDUCATION AND OUTREACH TO TRAF-
FICKING SURVIVORS. 
The Attorney General shall make avail-
able, on the website of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, a data-base for trafficking victim advocates, crisis hotline personnel, foster parents, law en-forcement personnel, and crime survivors that contains information on— 
(1) counseling and hotline resources; (2) housing resources; (3) legal assistance; and (4) other services for trafficking survivors. 
SEC. 119. EXPANDED STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS 
FOR CIVIL ACTIONS BY CHILD TRAF-FICKING SURVIVORS. 
Section 1595(c) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘not later than 10 years after the cause of action arose.’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than the later of— 
‘‘(1) 10 years after the cause of action 
arose; or 
‘‘(2) 10 years after the victim reaches 18 
years of age, if the victim was a minor at the time of the alleged offense.’’. 
SA 1127. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . RUNAWAY AND HOMELESS YOUTH 
ACT REAUTHORIZATION. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 388(a) of the 
Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5751(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2009,’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘such 
sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013.’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2009’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
(b) O
FFSET ; REPEALING PREVENTION AND  
PUBLIC HEALTH FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4002 of the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11) is repealed. 
(2) R
ESCISSION OF UNOBLIGATED FUNDS .—Of 
the funds made available under such section 4002, the unobligated balances are rescinded. 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection takes 
effect on October 1, 2015. 
SA 1128. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE IV—BETTER RESPONSE FOR 
VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring a 
Better Response for Victims of Child Sex Trafficking’’. 
SEC. 402. CAPTA AMENDMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amendments to the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) made by this section shall take effect 2 years after the date of the 
enactment of this Act. 
(b) S
TATE PLANS .—Section 106 of the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(B)— (A) in clause (xxii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xxiv) provisions and procedures requiring 
identification and assessment of all reports involving children known or suspected to be victims of sex trafficking (as defined in sec-tion 103(10) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102 (10)); and 
‘‘(xxv) provisions and procedures for train-
ing child protective services workers about identifying, assessing, and providing com-prehensive services for children who are sex trafficking victims, including efforts to co-ordinate with State law enforcement, juve-nile justice, and social service agencies such as runaway and homeless youth shelters to serve this population;’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(17) The number of children determined to 
be victims described in subsection (b)(2)(B)(xxiv).’’. 
(c) S
PECIAL RULE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 111 of the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106g) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) S PECIAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 
3(2) and subsection (a)(4), a child shall be considered a victim of ‘child abuse and ne-glect’ and of ‘sexual abuse’ if the child is identified, by a State or local agency em-ployee of the State or locality involved, as being a victim of sex trafficking (as defined in paragraph (10) of section 103 of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) or a victim of severe forms of trafficking in persons described in paragraph (9)(A) of that section. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE OPTION .—Notwithstanding the 
definition of ‘child’ in section 3(1), a State may elect to define that term for purposes of the application of paragraph (1) to section 3(2) and subsection (a)(4) as a person who has not attained the age of 24.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3(2) 
of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treat-ment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including sexual abuse as deter-mined under section 111)’’ after ‘‘sexual abuse or exploitation’’. 
(3) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Paragraph 
(5)(C) of subsection (a), as so designated, of section 111 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106g) is amended by striking ‘‘inhumane;’’ and in-serting ‘‘inhumane.’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 21, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room 328A of the Russell Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Opportunities and Challenges for Agriculture Trade with Cuba.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 21, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 21, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Surface Transpor-tation Reauthorization: Building on the Successes of MAP–21 to Deliver Safe, Efficient and Effective Public Transportation Services and Projects.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 21, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Ad-vancing Telehealth through Connectivity.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 21, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘FAA Reauthorization: Certification and U.S. Aviation Manufacturing Competitive-ness.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 21, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Congress and U.S. Tariff Policy.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on April 21, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Accountability and Over-sight of Juvenile Justice Grants.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.025 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2309 April 21, 2015 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 21, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Fulfilling the Promise to Women Veterans.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 21, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EMERGING THREATS AND  
CAPABILITIES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 21, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STATE DEPARTMENT AND  
USAID MANAGEMENT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on State Department and USAID Management, International Op-erations, and Bilateral International Development be authorized to meet 
during the session of the Senate on April 21, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving the Effi-ciency and Effectiveness of the Depart-ment of State.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that Greg Pol-lock, who is serving as a legislative fel-low for national security issues this year for Senator R
EID, be granted floor 
privileges for the duration of 2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 1035 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1035) to extend authority relating 
to roving surveillance, access to business records, and individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-
visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 
22, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, April 22; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of S. 178. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 9:41 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, April 22, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP6.024 S21APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E533 April 21, 2015 
IN COMMEMORATION OF THE 150TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE ESTAB-LISHMENT OF THE FIRST PRES-BYTERIAN CHURCH IN NICHOL-SON, PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor 
to help commemorate the 150th Anniversary of the establishment of the First Presbyterian Church in Nicholson, Pennsylvania. The church is a historic landmark within my con-gressional district, and provides my constitu-ents with a place to come together and wor-ship. 
Founded in April of 1865 by Reverend 
Lyman Richardson, the church remains the tallest structure in Nicholson. This house of worship, which rises to a height of 60 feet and is adorned with 10 beautiful stained-glass win-dows, serves as a magnificent symbol remind-ing onlookers of the great sense of pride and community the town’s residents share. 
First Presbyterian is comprised of nine 
board members who oversee a vibrant and active congregation. Thanks to an enthusiastic and committed staff of teachers, the youth of the church are able to enjoy a Sunday school program that runs 12 months of the year. Ad-ditionally, in 1879, a women’s Missionary Soci-ety was organized in order to aid the church in its everyday spiritual and monetary needs. The group survives over 100 years later, and is referred to today as the ‘‘Presbyterian Women.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to honor the 
First Presbyterian Church of Nicholson, Penn-sylvania as it celebrates its 150th anniversary, and I commend its congregation, both past and present, for their tireless efforts to pre-serve its longstanding legacy. 
f 
KATHERINE WHISENANT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Katherine Whisenant for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Katherine Whisenant is a 12th grader at Standley Lake High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversi-ties. 
The dedication demonstrated by Katherine 
Whisenant is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Katherine Whisenant for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,997,679,396.05. We’ve 
added $7,525,120,630,482.97 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
MEDICAL LABORATORY 
PROFESSIONALS RECOGNITION 
HON. AUSTIN SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, it is with great pleasure that I rise today to recognize all of the medical laboratory profes-sionals in Georgia. Laboratory professionals are vital to the healthcare team and instru-mental in the decision making of clinicians. These men and women dedicate themselves to their work in hospital laboratories, research institutions, public health departments, and university health centers. Medical laboratory professionals are frontline responders, per-forming and interpreting more than 10 billion tests annually to provide physicians with crit-ical lab results. 
Each year, we acknowledge laboratory pro-
fessionals during National Medical Laboratory Professionals Week. This year’s theme, Lab-oratory Professionals Get Results, speaks to the ‘‘can do’’ attitude of those in the field as well as the critical role they play in the con-tinuum of healthcare delivery. Thank you to all the hardworking medical laboratory profes-sionals in the nation, state of Georgia, and 8th Congressional District. 
f 
MACKAELA RIEDEL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Mackaela Riedel for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge 
Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Mackaela Riedel is a 7th grader at Drake Mid-dle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Mackaela 
Riedel is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Mackaela Riedel for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL JOB 
CORPS’ 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the 50th Anniversary of the National Job Corps. 
Job Corps was established by the Economic 
Opportunity Act of 1964. The organization’s mission is to help young people gain the cre-dentials and employment skills needed to enter the workforce and build successful ca-reers. Job Corps provides career preparatory training to high school dropouts, homeless young adults, and students with learning dis-abilities, enabling them to become productive and financially independent members of soci-ety. Job Corps provides over 50,000 at-risk youth with invaluable job training and life skills each year. 
The Cassadaga Job Corps Center, located 
in Chautauqua County, New York, has had an immensely positive impact on lives and fami-lies in my congressional district. The Center enrolls over 300 local youths every year, pro-viding them with the resources and opportuni-ties necessary to achieve success, both now and in the future. These programs have en-abled thousands of young adults to enter the workforce and begin careers in construction, healthcare, security, and various vocational in-dustries. 
Our local communities have greatly bene-
fited from the services provided by the hard-working staff of the Cassadaga Job Corps Center. The staff provides a ‘‘hand up’’ to young adults in need, by mentoring, encour-aging, and supporting the program participants as they work to better themselves. The staff works with the participants as they establish solid foundations upon which to build their ca-reers, which directly benefits the participants and our communities. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my sincere pleasure to 
congratulate the National Job Corps on fifty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21AP8.001 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E534 April 21, 2015 
years of excellent service to students and 
young adults across the country. I salute Job Corps on a job well-done, and extend my best wishes for continued success in the future. 
f 
44TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE GAY 
AND LESBIAN ACTIVISTS ALLI-ANCE OF WASHINGTON, DC (GLAA) 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to join me in celebrating the 44th anniversary of the Gay and Lesbian Activists Alliance of Washington, DC (GLAA), a much-valued human rights or-ganization that has long been a local leader in the struggle for equal rights for the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) com-munity. 
Since its founding, in April 1971, GLAA has 
been a respected and tireless advocate for full and equal rights for the District of Columbia, and has been at the forefront of efforts to strengthen enforcement of the landmark D.C. Human Rights Act of 1977. One of GLAA’s most significant achievements, on which it worked with coalition partners, D.C. elected of-ficials, and District residents, was enactment of the District of Columbia Religious Freedom and Civil Marriage Equality Amendment Act, which permits same-sex couples to marry in the District. 
GLAA has also stoutly defended the Dis-
trict’s comprehensive human rights law; has been an outspoken advocate for LGBT youth and seniors; has stood up for the rights of LGBT consumers; has upheld the rights of transgender people, including equal treatment by police and access to culturally competent healthcare; and has built and nurtured coali-tions with other constituencies to advance these causes and defend the District’s auton-omy. 
At GLAA’s 44th anniversary reception on 
April 23, 2015, the recipients of its 2015 Dis-tinguished Service Awards will be recognized, including: 
Alexandra Andrea Beninda serves as a 
member of the D.C. Commission on Human Rights. She is a dedicated transgender advo-cate and community volunteer. She has also served as a board member for Equality Vir-ginia, Treasurer of the Virginia Partisans Gay and Lesbian Democratic Club, Treasurer of the Gertrude Stein Democratic Club, and a board member for the DC Center for the LGBT Community. She has represented the Stein Club on the D.C. Democratic State Com-mittee. She is an active member and Assistant Treasurer at All Souls Unitarian Church. 
Chuck Hicks is a longtime specialist in Black 
history and strong supporter of HIV/AIDS pre-vention and treatment. He is founder and chair of the DC Black History Celebration Com-mittee, and collaborated with the DC Commis-sion on the Arts and Humanities in last year’s multimedia production on Bayard Rustin and James Baldwin, and this year’s production on Ruby Dee and Ossie Davis. He is founder and chair of Bread for the Soul. He has also served on the board of the Whitman-Walker Clinic. He led creation of a local host com-mittee for the dedication of the Martin Luther 
King, Jr. Memorial, and served on the D.C. Mayor’s Committee on the 50th Anniversary of the 1963 March on Washington. He currently serves on the Commission on Aging, D.C. Commission on African-American Men and Boys, Commission on African-American Af-fairs, and the MLK Holiday Commission. 
Anne Phelps is a former D.C. Council Com-
mittee Director for the Committee on the Judi-ciary and Public Safety, serving under then- chairman Tommy Wells. Before that, she was Committee Director for the Committee on Li-braries, Parks, Recreation, and Planning, and General Counsel for the Committee on Trans-portation and Public Works. During her tenure on the Judiciary and Public Safety Committee, the following bills supported by GLAA were passed: the Marriage Officiant Amendment Act of 2013; JaParker Deoni Jones Birth Certifi-cate Equality Amendment Act of 2013; Mar-riage License Issuance Amendment Act of 2013; Civil Marriage Dissolution Equality Clari-fication Amendment Act of 2014; Repeal of Prostitution Free Zones Amendment Act of 2014; and Human Rights Amendment Act of 2014. During her previous committee post, she shepherded the Youth Bullying Prevention Act of 2012. She continues to work on LGBT issues as Legislative Director for Ward 6 Councilmember Charles Allen. 
I ask the House to join me in honoring the 
recipients of GLAA’s 2015 Distinguished Serv-ice Award and celebrating GLAA’s 44 years of contributions to the LGBT community in the District of Columbia. 
f 
KELLAN LANGFIELD 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Kellan Langfield for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Kellan Langfield is a 10th grader at Standley Lake High School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Kellan 
Langfield is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Kellan Langfield for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MRS. MAGGIE L. 
CRIMES 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a woman of grace, class and dignity, Mrs. Maggie Crimes. Sadly, Mrs. 
Crimes passed away on April 17, 2015. Her funeral service was held on April 19, 2015, at New Hope Baptist Church in Preston, Georgia. 
Mrs. Crimes was born in Webster County, 
Georgia on September 1, 1927, to the union of the late Mr. Willie Muff and the late Mrs. Evelyn Hawkins Muff Colbert Holley. 
She was educated in the Webster County 
School System. At an early age, she joined Shiloh Baptist Church in Preston, Georgia. In later years, she was a dedicated member of New Hope Baptist Church, also in Preston. In 1944, she married Mr. Jimmie Lee Crimes, Sr. This union produced ten children. 
Following in the footsteps of the great Afri-
can American woman entrepreneur, Madame C.J. Walker, she pursued her entrepreneurial dreams and opened Mom’s Kitchen in Preston in 1981. At the request of former President Jimmy Carter, she opened a second Mom’s Kitchen location in Plains, Georgia in 2000. 
She made Mom’s Kitchen a family affair, as 
many of her children and other relatives are employed in the business. Mom’s is a place where you can get a good meal, get good customer service, and talk about the burning issues of the day. Mother Crimes made Mom’s Kitchen a place that is welcoming to all people from many diverse backgrounds. She was a dear friend to me and my wife, Vivian. She gave me a platform and venue at Mom’s Kitchen that I used on many occasions to interact with constituents. 
Mother Crimes was a great woman who 
treated all people with respect. She loved her God. She was honest, hardworking, and al-ways told you the truth. She instilled these val-ues in all of her children. Mom truly believed in the words of George Washington Carver, when he said, ‘‘How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compas-sionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and the strong. Because someday in life you will have been all of these.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today in honoring the life and legacy of Mrs. Maggie Crimes and in extending condolences on behalf of my wife and the more than 730,000 people of the Second Congressional District. I know that her ten children, forty- three grandchildren, sixty-two great grand-children, and four great great grandchildren will all miss her presence and wise counsel. But, I know that they will be more determined than ever to carry out her legacy. Heaven now has the ‘‘best cook’’ around and Mom now serves in the ‘‘greatest kitchen’’ of all. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ST. CLOUD HONOR 
FLIGHT 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the World War II veterans from St. Cloud, Minnesota, as they visit our nation’s capital as part of the Honor Flight pro-gram. 
This afternoon I had the honor of meeting 
the St. Cloud Honor Flight as they visited the World War II Memorial down on the National Mall. The remaining men and women of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.003 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E535 April 21, 2015 
Greatest Generation are a reminder to all of 
us of the importance of duty, patriotism, and sacrifice. No word or action will ever repay what these men and women have done for our country, but I hope that today’s journey with the Honor Flight serves as a small token of our immeasurable gratitude for their service to this great nation. 
I ask that this body join me in thanking our 
veterans for their service, and the Honor Flight program for making days like today possible for veterans across the country. 
f 
MADDIE MIERA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Maddie Miera for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Maddie Miera is an 8th grader at Mandalay Middle School and received this award because her deter-mination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Maddie 
Miera is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Maddie Miera for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ASIAN PA-
CIFIC STATE EMPLOYEES ASSO-CIATION 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Asian Pacific State Employees Association (APSEA) and the distinguished Sacramento leaders who are being honored at their 16th annual scholarship gala. I ask all my colleagues to join me in recognizing APSEA, the students they serve, and the fine Sacramentans they are honoring. 
APSEA and the APSEA Foundation have 
played a vital role in the education and profes-sional development of countless state employ-ees and local students. Since 1975, APSEA and the APSEA Foundation have advocated for the advancement of its members, who are primarily California State government employ-ees. APSEA holds training seminars and pro-vides networking opportunities that have re-sulted in a more well trained state workforce. Additionally, they foster civic participation and cultural awareness throughout Sacramento. The APSEA Foundation raises money to pro-vide vital scholarships for our leaders of to-morrow. 
At the 16th annual gala, Darrel H. Woo is 
being honored with APSEA’s President Award. Mr. Woo is a community leader and activist 
who serves as a senior staff counsel for the State of California Department of Insurance, as well as an elected trustee of the Sac-ramento City Unified School District. Jim Kahue is also being honored at this year’s gala, as APSEA’s Member of the Year Award. Mr. Kahue has been a public servant since 1960 when he began working for the State of California. He has been actively involved in APSEA as the organization’s co-founder and its first president. 
Mr. Speaker, as the members of the Asian 
Pacific State Employees Association and the Asian Pacific State Employees Association Foundation gather to celebrate, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring them for their unwavering commitment to the Sac-ramento Region. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ENLISTMENT 
OF TWENTY-THREE GRADUATING HIGH SCHOOL SENIORS FROM FLORIDA’S 20TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize twenty-three graduating seniors from my Congressional district for their record of scholastic and athletic accomplishment, and their honorable decision to enlist in the United States Military. 
As graduation season begins this year, 
thousands of young people all across the na-tion are preparing for the next chapter in their lives. Many will pursue higher education or vo-cational training, some will enter the workforce immediately, and a select few will dedicate themselves to serving their country. 
The United States of America has set itself 
apart by the determination and spirit of our people, the knowledge that we can achieve any goal if we set our minds to it, our inherent compassion and generosity, our fierce patriot-ism, and the extraordinary sacrifices and dedi-cation to country exhibited by the members of our Armed Forces. The young men and women from our community who will be enlist-ing possess an abundance of each of these qualities. I join with their families and friends in congratulating and commending the fol-lowing graduates on their enlistment in the United States Military: 
Darrius Freeman, Royal Palm Beach, FL— 
Air Force 
Cacinni Young, West Palm Beach, FL—Air 
Force 
Jelani Mccray, Riviera Beach, FL—Air Force Devon Breen, Loxahatchee, FL—Army Angel Sanchez, Lake Harbor, FL—Army Arturo Roblero, West Palm Beach, FL— 
Army 
Cristian Martinez, West Palm Beach, FL— 
Marines 
Ryan Dunning, West Palm Beach, FL—Ma-
rines 
Yvesland Belizaire, Boynton Beach, FL— 
Marines 
Monroe Desulma, Boynton Beach, FL—Ma-
rines 
Cesar Silva, Belle Glade, FL—Marines Gunnar Gustafson, Wellington, FL—Marines Kevin Garcia Velasquez, West Palm Beach, 
FL—Marines 
Manuel Palomino, West Palm Beach, FL— 
Marines 
Christie Pierre, Riviera Beach, FL—Marines Michael Westman, Lake Worth, FL—Ma-
rines 
Bryan Headley, Riviera Beach, FL—Marines Peter Gay Bryan, West Palm Beach, FL— 
Marines 
Tyi Thomas, Riviera Beach, FL—Marines Phillip Perkins Jr., Riviera Beach, FL—Ma-
rines 
Ruthlynn Laurince, Lantana, FL—Navy Indira Merrick, Belle Glade, FL—Navy Diana Noethig, West Palm Beach, FL— 
Navy 
Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to recog-
nize these selfless young people for their in-valuable commitment to serve our great na-tion, and their leadership and courage as posi-tive examples for their fellow classmates. I wish them all the very best. 
f 
KONRAD SCHNEIDER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Konrad Schneider for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Konrad Schneider is an 8th grader at Wheat Ridge 5–8 and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Konrad 
Schneider is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Konrad Schneider for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
WALTER SCOTT AND POLICE VIO-
LENCE IN AMERICA: WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE? 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Ms. LEE. First, let me thank Congressman 
JEFFRIES for his leadership in hosting this im-
portant Special Order on a critical issue facing every single member of the House—the senseless murder of our young African Amer-ican male constituents and the overmilitariza-tion of our police forces. 
My heart and prayers continue to go out to 
Walter Scott’s family. Losing a loved one is al-ways incredibly hard. But it is unbearable when a life is cut short. 
The unfortunate truth is the tragic death of 
Walter Scott is another in a series of tragedies that remind us that, to some, the lives of young black men and women do not matter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.006 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E536 April 21, 2015 
Tragedies like Michael Brown, Eric Garner, 
and Oscar Grant—one of my constituents— are far too common in communities across this country. 
As the mother of two black men and two 
black grandsons, I have had many uncomfort-able but necessary conversations about how to walk, how to talk and how to interact with police. 
This is not just my reality. It is also the re-
ality of millions of other black mothers and grandmothers. 
Tonight, we stand here, once again, to dis-
cuss the ongoing failures of our criminal jus-tice system and over-use of deadly force by law enforcement across the country. 
In order to address the problem people 
need to know the facts. 
I applaud President Obama’s Task Force on 
21st Century Policing. 
The Task Force provided much needed rec-
ommendations, such as the creation of a Na-tional Crime and Justice Task Force that will review all components of the criminal justice system and provide recommendations on comprehensive criminal justice reform as well as renewed focus on community policing. 
The unfortunate facts are since President 
Obama’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing released its report; there have been more than 100 fatal police shootings in America. 
Every 28 hours an African American male is 
killed by a security officer. 
1 in 3 African American men and 1 in 6 
Latino men will spend some part of their lives in prison. 
The truth is that disparity and inequality con-
tinue at every level of our society, especially in our criminal justice system. 
It’s past time that Congress start enacting 
policies to dismantle the bias endemic in our institutions. 
We must come together like never before to 
tackle the systemic, structural and rampant ra-cial bias endemic in our institutions and crimi-nal justice system. 
We need to empower communities and 
work to build greater trust between law en-forcement and the community, especially com-munities of color. 
That is why Congress should pass the bi-
partisan Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act (H.R. 1232), which I am a proud cosponsor of, to stop the militarization of our nation’s police forces. 
We need to pass the Police Accountability 
Act (H.R. 1102) and the Grand Jury Reform Act (H.R. 429) so we can ensure that deadly force cases are heard by a judge and there is more accountability among police officers. 
Congress should also work to pass the 
Shield Our Streets Act (H.R. 103) to increase investments in proven, community-orientated policing programs that reduce crime and in-crease community and law enforcement trust and understanding. 
Congress must work with the Department of 
Justice to ensure training programs are avail-able to ALL law enforcement officials to re-duce racial bias and profiling and provide law enforcement officers with the resources to ad-dress, defuse and manage situations without the unnecessary use of deadly force. 
We also must support funding programs that 
focus on increasing police force diversity and retention of qualified officers in communities. This is something that the President’s Task Force recommended in its report. It is vital that Congress acts to ensure the 
tragedies in Ferguson, Staten Island, Oak-land—in my district—and now North Charles-ton are not repeated. 
So I urge my colleagues to support these 
efforts that can end the structural injustice that is endemic in our criminal justice system. 
These events must be our call to action—as 
Dr. King reminded us in his ‘‘Two Americas’’ speech in 1967. 
He said: ‘We must come to see that social 
progress never rolls in on the wheels of inevi-tability. It comes through the tireless efforts and the persistent work of dedicated individ-uals.’ 
We must, each of us, be those dedicated in-
dividuals working persistently for the social progress that is so greatly needed. 
Too much is at stake to do nothing—we 
must act and act now. 
f 
HONORING VICKI SAPORTA 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to join me in honoring Vicki Saporta for 20 years of out-standing leadership and service as President and CEO of the National Abortion Federation (NAF). 
As the first woman organizing director for an 
international union and now as a visionary leader in the reproductive health, rights, and justice movement, Vicki Saporta has spent her career fighting for women’s equality and to im-prove women’s lives. Since taking the helm of NAF in 1995, President Saporta has worked tirelessly to ensure women’s access to safe, legal abortion care. 
Recognizing the need to address violence 
against abortion providers, Saporta success-fully advocated for the establishment of the Department of Justice’s National Task Force on Violence Against Health Care Providers. She has actively worked with Attorney Gen-erals Janet Reno and Eric Holder; the Depart-ment of Justice; Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, and U.S. Marshals to improve law enforcement response to clinic violence. As a result, major incidences of violence against abortion providers have decreased significantly in recent years. 
Saporta has brought abortion providers and 
their patients into the forefront of the public debate about abortion. In 1996, she brought five women and their families to the Oval Of-fice to meet with President Clinton, who pub-licly announced that he vetoed a federal abor-tion ban because he was so moved by their stories. More recently, she worked closely with Congress to build support for lifting a dec-ades-long ban on federal funding for abortion care for servicemembers and their dependents in cases of rape and incest—one of the only pro-choice legislative victories in the last 40 years. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in honoring President and CEO Vicki Saporta for her outstanding service to reproductive health. Her legacy continues to offer a power-ful example for serving our communities. MARCUS LOPEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Marcus Lopez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Marcus Lopez is a 12th grader at Wheat Ridge High School and received this award because her deter-mination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Marcus 
Lopez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Marcus Lopez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE UNVEILING OF 
THE DACHAU VICTIMS MEMO-RIAL AT THE DURHAM HEBREW CEMETERY IN DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize the unveiling of a very special me-morial in my congressional district in Durham, North Carolina. On Sunday, April 26, 2015, a memorial forever marking the final resting place of ashes from victims who lost their lives during the Holocaust at the Dachau Con-centration Camp in Germany will be unveiled in the Durham Hebrew Cemetery. 
The amazing and unlikely journey that 
brought these hallowed ashes to their final resting place in Durham, North Carolina took over seventy years. 
David Walter Corsbie, Jr. served in the 
United States Army Air Corps with the 364th Fighter Squadron during World War II. In 1945, shortly after Dachau was liberated by American troops, Mr. Corsbie was sent there on assignment. It was there that a survivor who had been imprisoned at Dachau gave the ashes to Mr. Corsbie telling him to never for-get the unspeakable horrors that occurred there. 
In late 2012, Mr. Corsbie’s son Joseph 
made the existence of these ashes known after they had remained a secret since the end of World War II. Last year, those ashes were finally laid to rest in the Durham Hebrew Cemetery. The victims whose ashes were in-terred were finally given the honor and respect they were denied so long ago. A memorial to mark their final resting place will be unveiled this Sunday. This memorial will serve as an enduring reminder that will ensure the victims at Dachau and the millions of others that were lost during the Holocaust are never forgotten. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
both in commemorating the unveiling of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.009 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E537 April 21, 2015 
truly special memorial and in solemn remem-
brance of the millions of lives lost in the con-centration camps of World War II. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. MARK 
JOHNSON 
HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise with sorrow and a heavy heart in recogni-tion of Mr. Mark Johnson, a former DuPage High School District 88 Board of Education Member and constituent of mine. Mark was di-agnosed with bone cancer this past spring and passed away on December 13, 2014. 
Mark did everything with a sense of commit-
ment and dedication. His contributions and character have greatly impacted our commu-nity, and his legacy will not only live on in the School District, but also in the hearts of those who knew him. 
Mark served on the District 88 Board of 
Education since 1999 and was President from 2003–2011. He graduated from Willowbrook High School in 1966 and received the school’s Distinguished Alumni Award in 2012. Through being a District 88 graduate and Board mem-ber, a D.A.R.E. officer and a Villa Park Police Department employee, Mark was involved in the communities of District 88 for more than 50 years. 
Thank you Mark for all that you have done 
for DuPage County, you will be sorely missed. 
f 
KYLE PAPPAS-ADAMSON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Kyle Pappas- Adamson for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Kyle Pappas-Adamson is a 12th grader at Ar-vada West High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversi-ties. 
The dedication demonstrated by Kyle 
Pappas-Adamson is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Kyle 
Pappas-Adamson for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
JOB CORPS 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-
gratulate Job Corps on the occasion of its fif-tieth anniversary. Five decades ago, President Lyndon John-
son stood before Congress and challenged us to end poverty in the United States. Job Corps is a critical part of the answer to that chal-lenge. Since 1965, the program has helped level the playing field for more than two million disadvantaged young men and women through its 125 centers across 48 states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico. 
Young people come to Job Corps unsure 
about their future and often in need of a sec-ond chance. When they graduate, they are ready to take on the challenges and opportuni-ties of the adult world. Put simply, Job Corps changes lives for the better. 
Job Corps is not like other career prepara-
tion programs. It does not just train and edu-cate its participants. It instills in them dis-cipline, structure, and the social skills they need to be successful in their lives. 
I had the honor of taking part in the opening 
of Connecticut’s very first Job Corps center in New Haven in 1996. A year later, I returned to serve as graduation speaker. I was amazed at how far the students had come. 
Today, the New Haven Job Corps center is 
among the best in the nation. Armed with the right skills, its alumni pursue careers every-where from Yale-New Haven Hospital to the Department of Homeland Security. 
Job Corps successfully places more than 
three quarters of its graduates in higher edu-cation programs or careers. Thanks to this track record of achievement, our nation now has many more skilled young people ready for careers as emergency medical technicians, chefs, nurses, carpenters, entrepreneurs, and all kinds of other vocations. 
No investment is more critical than invest-
ment in our human capital. If we want to com-pete in the global economy, we must invest in the workers of tomorrow and give them the skills they need to succeed. For half a century, Job Corps has been doing just that. 
I could not be more proud of the role I have 
played, as Chair and Ranking Member of the Appropriations Subcommittee that funds Job Corps, in supporting the program. I congratu-late Job Corps, its staff, and its many grad-uates on fifty years of success. 
f 
HONORING BOB RULEY 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Bob Ruley, a dedicated service mem-ber, loving family man, and proud New Mexi-can. 
Growing up in Encino, New Mexico, Bob 
learned the importance of hard work, shared responsibility and a commitment to his family and country. When Bob was 8 years old, his mother passed away and the siblings were ex-pected to step up and support the family. Every morning at 8:00 a.m., Bob and his brother would wake up, strap on their boots, and prep his family’s 110 cattle for the all-day excursion across town. 
As Bob got older, World War II intensified in 
Europe, and on February 7, 1941 in El Paso, Texas, Bob made a decision that would change his life. At the age of 18, in front of a tiny kiosk amid the bustling Alligator Square 
crowd, Bob enlisted into the United States Army’s Eighth Calvary Regiment, First Calvary Division. 
In total, Bob spent over 4 years in service 
to the United States in what was a remarkable career. As a Cavalryman, Bob conducted stra-tegic maneuvers on the Louisiana and Texas borders with his horse Stony (Army Number 5U27) to protect against any German attacks that could originate in Mexico. 
On December 2, 1942, Bob began training 
and prepared for deployment to the Phil-ippines. As an Infantryman he completed two beachheads in the Pacific theatre. The first was January, 1944 at Manus Island, Phil-ippines, with instructions to take the Lorengau airstrip. Bob’s unit, the Eighth Calvary Regi-ment, landed at Lugos Mission and led the charge for the U.S. forces. Bob explained, ‘‘Anytime you were a lead guy, you got hit’’. That didn’t stop Bob or the Eighth Calvary Regiment from pushing forward and repelling the enemy. At the end of the battle, U.S. forces successfully drove the Japanese from the island. Bob later earned a Purple Heart for his injuries sustained during the conflict. 
The second beachhead was October, 1944 
at the Battle of Leyte Gulf, in what became known as one of the most decisive battles of the war. Bob recalled the heroism of the troops, and in particular, two local Filipino men who spent all night paddling 185 men up and down the river. The battle was so influential that President Truman announced a Presi-dential citation for the skill, bravery, and cour-age that U.S. forces displayed in the victory. 
On September 12, 1945, Bob returned 
home and began looking for work. Employ-ment prospects were slim and, for Bob, that meant taking odd jobs to make a living. Whether he was delivering flowers, passing out court summons, or covering the night shift at a meat factory for an overworked employee, Bob always did what was needed to provide for his family. He eventually landed a full time job at the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company in Las Vegas, New Mexico, where he would spend the next 38 years as a Conductor and Brakeman. 
Bob’s story reminds us of a generation of 
Americans who, with hard work, persistence and determination, resolved to build a better America—a generation that constructed our modem concept of the ‘‘American Dream’’ and safeguarded the freedoms that we enjoy today. I have known Bob my whole adult life and am fortunate to have felt his exuberant joy and generous heart over the years. He could always be found at the local Denny’s, walking along the perimeter of the University of New Mexico’s North golf course, at his favorite res-taurant, Hurricane’s, in downtown Albu-querque, or spending time with his family that he cherished deeply. 
From his childhood efforts to support his 
family, to risking his life overseas to preserve the liberties of millions of Americans, to fight-
ing to create a richer life for his children, Bob represents the very best of our country. Bob’s enduring legacy of service, sacrifice and un-wavering faith in our community, state, and country will remain a lasting inspiration for fu-ture generations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.011 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E538 April 21, 2015 
MARQEZ NEUMILLER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Marqez Neumiller for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Marqez Neumiller is an 8th grader at North Ar-vada Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Marqez 
Neumiller is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Marqez Neumiller for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. GABRIEL 
ROSENFELD 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Gabriel Rosenfeld, who is being honored in memoriam at the Neighbors Link Gala this year, where the ‘‘Be a Hero’’ award will be instituted in his name. 
Mr. Rosenfeld, known to all as Gabby, was 
a good friend of mine. He was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York, and fought in World War II, during which he was awarded the Bronze Star and a Purple Heart. In recognition of his service to the people of France, he was also inducted into the French Legion of Honor in 2011 and awarded the French Legion of Honor medal. Following the war, Gabby at-tended Cornell University, where he met his wife Louise, and together they moved to Chappaqua, New York, in my district. 
While living in Chappaqua, Gabby was 
known for his devotion to serving the commu-nity. He served as chairman of the Zoning Board of Appeals for the Town of New Castle for over 30 years, as well as serving on the boards of the Katonah Museum of Art, North-ern Westchester Hospital, A-Home, and the Holocaust and Human Rights Education Cen-ter. He was a president of the Rotary Club and also a long-time and very active member of the New Castle Historical Society, the League of Women Voters, and the New Castle Democratic Committee. 
Additionally, Gabby served on the board of 
Neighbors Link, an organization dedicated to the healthy integration of immigrants into our communities. In memory of his lifetime of hard work and commitment to the mission of their organization, Neighbors Link has created the ‘‘Be A Hero’’ award in Gabby’s name. This an-nual honor will pay tribute to his legacy, and will be presented to individuals who have demonstrated vision, compassion, and com-mitment to his or her community. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the mem-
ory of my good friend Mr. Gabriel Rosenfeld. I urge my colleagues to join me in celebrating his life, and to praise Neighbor’s Link for the creation of the ‘‘Be a Hero’’ award in his name. 
f 
REGARDING THE ONGOING NEGO-
TIATIONS TO PREVENT IRAN FROM ACQUIRING A NUCLEAR WEAPON 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I stand to 
commend the efforts of President Obama and our P5+1 partners to achieve a strong, verifiable agreement to prevent Iran from ac-quiring a nuclear weapon. 
The economic sanctions imposed through 
joint action from the Congress and the presi-dent, combined with the sanctions imposed by our international partners, have succeeded in bringing Iran to the negotiating table. We must maintain the unity that has succeeded in keep-ing the pressure on Iran. That unity helped produce an interim agreement last November that, among other things, effectively eliminated Iran’s stockpile of more highly enriched nu-clear material. Even the early critics of the in-terim agreement have now acknowledged that it was a useful step. 
We now have The Framework for a Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action on Iran’s Nu-clear Program that represents another impor-tant step toward the goal of preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. As the Ad-ministration has acknowledged, many impor-tant details remain to be negotiated in the coming months. I will be carefully monitoring and reviewing the ongoing negotiations to de-termine whether the final product meets the objectives we have established. As these ne-gotiations proceed, it is important that Con-gress refrain from taking actions that could weaken our negotiating position and under-mine the multi-lateral sanctions that brought Iran to the negotiating table. 
There is a very important role for Congress 
in this process. Congress will review this agreement and have the opportunity to act. Moreover, any repeal of the sanctions legisla-tion will require congressional action. As nego-tiations continue, I look forward to working with the president and my congressional col-leagues to prevent Iran from obtaining a nu-clear weapon. I agree with President Obama that it would be best if we can achieve that objective by negotiating a verifiable agree-ment. 
f 
LOGAN BEDFORD 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Logan Bed-ford for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Logan Bedford is a 12th grader at Warren Tech North and received this award because his de-
termination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Logan Bed-
ford is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Logan Bedford for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DAVE M CCONNELL 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dave McConnell, who this year is observing his 50th year in the District of Columbia at WTOP Radio, where he has provided out-standing service to radio listeners in Wash-ington, D.C. and the national capital region. 
For five decades, Dave McConnell has been 
the deeply crisp golden voice the national cap-ital region has tuned in to for news. Dave has brilliantly made himself the preeminent re-porter the region can trust to get the news straight. Dave’s grasp of the complicated news of the day is so profound that he can summa-rize it in a few short edifying sentences. So significant has been Dave’s talented voice, his peerless dedication to unbiased reporting, and his vast knowledge of Congress and of Wash-ington that WTOP owes part of its continued success to Dave McConnell. 
A graduate of the University of Maryland, 
Dave McConnell was drafted to work for Armed Forces Radio before returning to the Washington area, where he first worked at WTTG Channel Five and WMAL before start-ing at WTOP in 1965, where he has remained for 50 years. 
Dave continues to thrive in his career. His 
popular ‘‘Today on the Hill’’ reports are broad-cast each weekday, each hour in the morning and afternoon, with the occasional special re-ports. Dave has provided exemplary coverage of 12 presidential elections, five inaugurations, and countless political changes. He has been the recipient of a host of honors. Among the most notable are his recent Career Achieve-ment of the Radio and Television Correspond-ents Association award in 2013 along with his 2001 AIR Lifetime Achievement Award and the Society of Professional Journalists Hall of Fame award in 1999. 
Mr. Speaker, Members of Congress, like 
residents of the District of Columbia, where WTOP is located, and the entire national cap-ital region, have benefited from Dave’s straight forward and always unbiased reporting. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Dave McConnell for 50 years of extraordinary reporting with WTOP Radio. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP8.009 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E539 April 21, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 26TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE RELEASE OF ‘‘FIELD OF DREAMS’’ 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to com-
memorate the motion picture, ‘‘Field of Dreams,’’ which is set in the First District of Iowa. 26 years ago today, movie-goers were introduced to the wonderful pastoral land-scapes that dot my district and first heard ‘‘If you build it, he will come.’’ Since then, the movie, adapted from the novel ‘‘Shoeless Joe’’ by W.P. Kinsella, has become recognized as a representation of classic American cinema. 
Directed by Phil Alden Robinson and star-
ring Kevin Costner, Amy Madigan, James Earl Jones, Ray Liotta, and Burt Lancaster, ‘‘Field of Dreams’’ uniquely blends the importance of family, dreams deferred, and America’s pas-time—baseball. Released on April 21, 1989, ‘‘Field of Dreams’’ received three Academy Award nominations: Best Original Score, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Picture. 
The original farmhouse and baseball dia-
mond from the movie, in Dyersville, Iowa, is open daily to the public for the 2015 season through October free of charge. On July 5, 2015, the ghost players will return to the field for their first ‘‘Ghost Sunday’’ game of the year. Visitors enjoy a ball game played by the baseball legends appearing in the movie. I en-courage all fans to visit the Field of Dreams site website at www.fodmoviesite.com for more information. 
On the anniversary of the release of ‘‘Field 
of Dreams,’’ I encourage all baseball lovers, movie-buffs, and Americans to visit this time-less piece of Americana where they may ask themselves: ‘‘Is this heaven?—No, it’s Iowa.’’ 
f 
MELISSA PEREZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Melissa Perez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Melissa Perez is an 8th grader at Wheat Ridge 5–8 and re-ceived this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Melissa 
Perez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Me-
lissa Perez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. IN HONOR OF MS. DEE RASCO 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Ms. Dee Rasco, an exemplary teacher, on the day of her eighth grade class’ trip to our nation’s Capitol. Ms. Rasco has taught at Junipero Serra School in Carmel, CA for 25 years and has led her class on the Wash-ington, DC trip for the last 15 years. A day has not gone by without her inspiring her students to learn, flourish, and thrive. 
Ms. Rasco embodies the qualities of an ex-
traordinary educator. An expert on U.S. his-tory, she instills a love for our nation’s heritage and tradition in her students. She encourages an unending curiosity and love of learning that will endure over a lifetime. She patiently works with all students regardless of individual dif-ficulties; her passion to help them succeed overcomes all barriers. 
Mr. Speaker, a great teacher is a treasure 
to her school, community, and country. I ask my colleagues to join with me in recognizing and thanking Ms. Dee Rasco for her dedica-tion. 
f 
WISHING SSGT HOWARD LEE 
PAYNE A HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, in February, 
1942, Howard Payne was a 27-year old em-ployee of the Bank of Benton when he re-ceived his induction notice. He reported to the Scott Field, IL, Induction Center and was as-signed an Army serial number. Payne com-pleted his basic training at Camp McCoy, WI, the site of the Second Army Maneuvers where 65,000 Soldiers from seven states formed the largest troop concentration in the Midwest. Payne was sent to Fort Sheridan, IL and then to Camp Ellis near Macomb, IL where he was assigned to the 368th Engineer Battalion. In October 1943, Payne’s battalion was alerted that it would be shipping out from Camp Shanks, NY. 
Payne remembers leaving the New York 
Harbor and viewing the Statue of Liberty. ‘‘Our Captain told us to take a good look at the Statue because some of you will never see her again.’’ Payne recounts, ‘‘He was right. I saw an unbelievable loss of life. We did not outgun the German’s. We just outnumbered them.’’ 
Payne was with the first military convoy to 
travel overseas. Passage of the Atlantic Ocean was dangerous because the German’s controlled the air and sea with submarines below and with airplanes above. It took his ship 14 days to cross the Atlantic Ocean due to the strength of the enemy. ‘‘Our ship had to zigzag in the ocean to keep out of harm’s way.’’ Most American troop ships were accom-panied by battleships. 
Payne’s ship landed in Bristol, England, 
amid a furious battle. German airplanes were strafing Bristol’s railroad tracks, city streets, and local citizens. To help ward off the low fly-ing airplanes, the residents of Bristol had 
erected huge balloons to keep the planes from flying at a low altitude. ‘‘We were introduced to war shortly after we landed.’’ Members of the 
368th were boarded on trains and transported to Liverpool, England. ‘‘We began building air-ports and housing for the troops,’’ noted Payne. While they were constructing airfields and barracks, the United States declared war on Germany. 
In May, 1944, the 368th were told that they 
would be a part of an invasion. ‘‘We loaded our ships with equipment and troops and wait-ed. Multiple times we were told to ‘‘ship-out,’’ but on two occasions, we were ordered to ‘‘stand-down.’’ Weather played a role in the timeline for the invasion. ‘‘Finally, we got or-ders to ship out’’ Payne remembers. On June 6, 1944, U.S. Army Private Payne was in the second wave at Utah Beach in the Normandy Peninsula Invasion. Payne joined thousands of Americans in Operation Overlord. 
GIs from the 368th were transferred from 
ships to Landing Ships, Tanks (LST). The LSTs were filled with caterpillars, tractors, and heavy construction equipment. The weight of the equipment caused the LST to sit deep in the water. ‘‘Our LST hit the ocean’s floor early and we had to jump out and wade ashore.’’ 
Utah Beach was one of the five sectors of 
the Allied invasion of German-occupied France in the Normandy landings. The west-ernmost of the five landing beaches, Utah is on the Cotentin Peninsula. Amphibious land-ings at Utah were undertaken by U.S. Army troops, with sea transport and naval artillery support provided by the U.S. Navy, with ele-ments from the British Royal Navy. 
The objective at Utah Beach was to secure 
a beachhead, the location of important port fa-cilities at Cherbourg. The amphibious assault by the U.S. 4th Infantry Division and 70th Tank Battalion was supported by airborne landings of the 82nd and the 101st. Their mis-sion was to seal off the Cotentin Peninsula to prevent the Germans from reinforcing Cher-bourg. The Allies faced two battalions of the 919th Grenadier Regiment, part of the 709th Static Infantry Division. German fortifications were under the leadership of ‘‘The Desert Fox,’’ Field Marshal Erwin Rommel. 
Payne remembers that the beaches were 
strewed with men who were dead, dying and wounded. The Germans were high over the cliffs. The first goal was to get ashore and scale the cliffs. ‘‘When we got to the top of the cliffs, I thought the rough part was over, but I discovered the bad stuff was just beginning’’ Payne recalls. 
Members of the 386th immediately began 
clearing the area of obstacles and mines. Ad-ditional American reinforcements continued to arrive. At the close of D–Day, Allied forces had captured about half of the planned area. Contingents of German defenders remained, but the beachhead was secure. Payne’s unit pushed the Germans back to Le Mans, France. The 368th constructed a pontoon bridge to facilitate the European Theater of Operations and allowed Lieutenant Colonel Christian Clarke, Jr. to move his 358th Infan-try, 90th Infantry Division across the river. Clarke proceeded on into Western France. 
Payne was with the forces that helped lib-
erate Paris, fought the enemy to Luxemburg, and was caught in the Ardennes region of Wallonia in Belgium. It was the winter of 1944 when the Allied Forces had to defend the im-portant harbor of Antwerp from the Germans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.018 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E540 April 21, 2015 
in a 40-day surprise attack that came to be 
known as the ‘‘Battle of the Bulge.’’ Between December 16, 1944, and January 25, 1945, the U.S. forces fought back the German at-tack, and in doing so, incurred their highest casualties for any operation of the war. Amer-ica’s fighting spirit prevailed and, late in Janu-ary, the Allied forces scored a decisive victory over Germany. 
The Allied forces fought the enemy up the 
Ryan River and forced the German’s back to Berlin. Payne’s battalion was stopped from at-tacking Berlin due to terms of the Yalta Agree-ment. The United States and England capitulated to Russia, and agreed that the only invading forces would be the Red Army. ‘‘We had the fight and we had the spirit to battle the enemy all the way to Berlin, but Russian dictator Joseph Stalin had convinced the Allied forces to stop our progress.’’ 
On May 8, 1945, Payne was near Dussel-
dorf, Germany when the Allied forces an-nounced Victory in Europe. The six-year-old War had concluded in Europe, but the Japa-nese were still fighting in the Pacific Theatre. Payne and others were told that GIs involved in the Normandy Invasion were exempt from the war in the Pacific. The Pacific conflict ended only after the August 6, 1945, detona-tion of the Atomic Bomb. President Harry S. Truman ordered the deployment of the new weapon that caused the Japanese to capitu-late to Allied demands. Payne waited from June until November to be shipped back to the states. 
On Dec. 5, 1945, Payne was discharged 
from the U.S. Army with the rank of Staff Ser-geant. Ten days after his discharge, he mar-ried Helene Takie in his hometown of Benton, IL. Their marriage lasted almost 65 years, until her passing in July, 2010. Payne returned to his position at the Bank of Benton and eventu-ally became its president. He remains active as a community leader, a champion of edu-cation projects and a philanthropist. 
Mr. Speaker, today Payne will celebrate his 
100th birthday at his rural Benton, Illinois, home. We extend our deepest appreciation to Howard Lee Payne for his service to his coun-try, both in battle during WWII, and for his post-war contributions. 
f 
PATRICIA JOAN HOFSTETTER 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of former Judge Patricia ‘‘Pat’’ Joan Hofstetter, who passed away on March 25, 2015, at her home in Ferndale, California. Ms. Hofstetter was a pioneer for women on the California bench, and her commitment to the communities in which she lived was well known to everyone acquainted with her. A longtime fisherwoman, Ms. Hofstetter grew to know and love Northern California rivers, for which she was a staunch advocate. 
Born in Burbank, California, on August 25, 
1927, to Helen Culbertson and Leonard Orin Hofstetter, Ms. Hofstetter grew up in the towns of Artesia and Whittier. She graduated from Whittier High School in 1943, Monmouth Col-lege in 1948, and Boalt Hall Law School at the University of California at Berkeley in 1951. Ms. Hofstetter opened a law office with her 
sister Marilynn in 1953. She was appointed to judge at Whittier Municipal in 1963, and be-came the first woman to serve as President of the California Judges Association in 1976. 
Ms. Hofstetter was a life member of Sorop-
timist International and the American Associa-tion of University Women. She served on the College Board at Monmouth College, where she was later inducted into the Hall of Fame. Ms. Hofstetter was an active member of the Democratic Party and a champion of demo-cratic values on the North Coast. 
Among her favorite hobbies was fishing the 
rivers and lakes of California and Oregon with her lifelong friend and partner, former Cali-fornia Assemblywoman Sally Tanner. In 2001 and 2002, Pat and Sally were winners in the California-Oregon Fishing Derby. Ms. Hofstetter was an avid poker and bridge play-er and had a great appreciation for music and movies. Pat is survived by her companion Sally Tanner; her sister Helen Raphael and niece Rose Anne of New Liberia, Louisiana; her sister Marilynn Hofstetter of Ferndale and nephew John Raphael and wife Christine, along with their children Melanie and Kath-leen. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with deep respect that we 
pay tribute to Ms. Patricia Hofstetter and ex-tend condolences to her partner, Sally Tanner, and surviving family. Her presence will be sorely missed and her legacy not soon forgot-ten. 
f 
H. RES. 208, THE EQUALITY FOR 
ALL RESOLUTION OF 2015 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong sup-
port of H. Res. 208, the Equality for All Reso-lution of 2015, which is being introduced by my good friend from Indiana Mr. C
ARSON . 
As a founding member and Vice Chair of 
the LGBT Equality Caucus and representative of a diverse and vibrant LGBT community in California’s 13th Congressional district, I strongly support this legislation. 
It is a shame and a disgrace that in 2015, 
after the LGBT community has made such enormous strides towards equal protections under the law, that we continue to see dis-criminatory legislation advanced in states like Indiana and Arkansas. 
At a time when what we truly need is com-
prehensive legislation to ensure that LGBT in-dividuals are treated and protected, intoler-ance is sadly being codified in law under the false flag of religious liberties. 
I am glad that the national reaction to dis-
criminatory RFRA laws was swift and dis-approving, from businesses and individuals, to governments and communities. I was proud that the City of Oakland located in my district, banned city-funded travel to Indiana in the wake of the state’s discriminatory statute. 
Now, Congress must respond by sending a 
strong message that we will not stand for prej-udice and small-mindedness. 
This resolution is a step in the right direc-
tion. It outlines the need for LGBT people to receive full protections under the law and urges comprehensive legislation to prohibit discrimination in areas where unequal treat-
ment against LGBT people is still the law of the land. 
I thank the gentleman from Indiana as well 
as my fellow colleagues in the LGBT Equality Caucus for introducing this important resolu-tion and urge my colleagues to lend it their support. 
f 
HONORING DIANE JUERGENSMEY-
ER FOR BEING NAMED TO THE MISSOURI SPORTS HALL OF FAME 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Coach Diane Juergensmeyer for being named to the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame. Coach Juergensmeyer led the St. Eliz-abeth softball team to more than 400 wins in 31 seasons, including three state titles. 
Coach Juergensmeyer’s dedication to her 
players, both on and off the softball field, brought more than state champions to St. Eliz-abeth. Her mentorship throughout the years helped mold her players into respectful young women, and it was her leadership that united a school and a community. 
I ask you to join me in congratulating Coach 
Diane Juergensmeyer for receiving this dis-tinctive honor. 
f 
HONORING THE BELMONT 
UNIVERSITY BRUINS 
HON. JIM COOPER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to Belmont University and its men’s basketball program, the Belmont Bruins, led by Coach Rick Byrd. 
Under Coach Byrd’s leadership, Belmont’s 
basketball program has flourished. Belmont is consistently among the top Division I teams and has made it to seven NCAA tournaments. But its most prestigious accomplishments are not on the court. The USA Today said it best: ‘‘Belmont wins where it counts: In the class-room.’’ 
Thanks to its perfect score from Inside High-
er Ed’s rankings, Belmont won the national championship for academics for the second time in three years. Every single player grad-uates. The team’s cumulative grade point av-erage has been above 3.0 for fourteen con-secutive seasons, and no Belmont player since 2003 has left the basketball team for any reason other than graduation. 
Belmont’s successes both on and off the 
court have separated the Bruins from the rest of the pack. Today, I join my fellow Ten-nesseans in honoring Coach Rick Byrd and the Belmont Bruins for their vigorous commit-ment to the highest standards in academics and athletics. They make our district and the state of Tennessee proud. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21AP8.013 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E541 April 21, 2015 
HONORING NATIONAL CRIME 
VICTIMS’ RIGHTS WEEK 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ac-
knowledge the observance of National Crime Victims’ Rights Week and to thank Mike Nerheim and the Lake County State’s Attor-ney’s Office for organizing the event. This year’s theme of engaging communities and empowering victims emphasizes the role that communities can and should play to support victims of crime during their recovery. 
Engaging communities to recognize the im-
pact of victimization enables us to help more victims by providing a safe environment where they are supported and empowered. By work-ing with local community leaders like victim counselor Debbie Vanderwall, State’s Attor-ney’s citizen advisor Pastor John Caples and education advocate Jonathan Meier, we can leverage our resources to better understand the needs of victims. 
We are fortunate that Lake County is such 
a strong community, eager to offer help to those who need it. I am honored to work with State’s Attorney Mike Nerheim to help raise awareness for this important cause and facili-tate new partnerships to elevate victims’ rights. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE LIFE OF TOM 
RAY RAPER 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the life of Tom Ray Raper, an innovative entrepreneur, generous philan-thropist and devoted family man from the Sixth District of Indiana. 
Tom embodied what it meant to live the 
American Dream. He took a $2,000 invest-ment in 1964 to open a small used car dealer-ship and eventually turned it into one of the largest RV dealerships in America. He owned and operated Tom Raper RVs for 38 more years before selling his dealership empire to David Bane’s Camping World Company in 2002. 
Not only was Tom a monumental success in 
the RV business, but he was also known for his huge heart and charitable spirit. After sell-ing his company, Mr. Raper used his time and money to give back to the Richmond commu-nity. In 2009, Indiana University East renamed Middlefork Hall to Tom Raper Hall after he be-queathed $2.17 million to the university. Tom donated more than $1 million to Wayne Coun-ty to build a 5,000-seat exhibition building and to make other improvements to the Wayne County Fairgrounds. He also gave $250,000 to the city to transform the gymnasium at the Civil Hall into a modern performing arts center. 
Most recently, Tom, established a $50,000 
endowed scholarship fund at Ivy Tech Com-munity College in Richmond as a means to provide more students with the opportunity to get a college education. It is for selfless con-tributions like these that the city of Richmond renamed Williamsburg Pike to Williamsburg 
Pike/Tom Raper Way. 
I have had the pleasure to meet with Tom 
several times throughout my life. He was an icon in Richmond and a philanthropic inspira-tion for any man or woman looking to give back to their community. I will always be grateful for the contributions he has made to improve the great city of Richmond, Indiana. 
Today, it is my privilege to honor the life of 
Tom Raper. My thoughts and prayers go out to Tom’s family and his wife of 46 years, Su-zanne. May God comfort those he left behind with His peace and strength. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF JOB CORPS 
HON. ED WHITFIELD 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the Job Corps program as it cele-brates its 50th anniversary. 
For fifty years, Job Corps has served Amer-
ica’s most at-risk and vulnerable youths by providing an opportunity to finish their edu-cation while obtaining career training and the skills necessary to become productive mem-bers of society. It is Job Corps’ unique model, partnering the federal government with private industry that has made the program so suc-cessful for so many years. Each year Job Corps serves over 50,000 at-risk youth at 125 residential campuses located across the coun-try, and over eighty percent of Job Corps graduates find employment, enlist in the mili-tary, or enroll in higher education classes. 
I am honored to represent two of these out-
standing centers: the Earle C. Clements Job Corps Center in Morganfield and the Muhlen-berg Job Corps Center in Greenville. These centers are true assets to their communities. I have visited these centers in person, and I have met with educators, staff, and students. It is the students who are the true testament to the success of this program, and I am moved each time I visit with them and hear just how much Job Corps has changed their lives. 
I cofounded the Friends of Job Corps Con-
gressional Caucus in 2006 because I believe in this program. I congratulate Job Corps on its fifty years of success, and I hope it will continue to enrich the lives of many more young people in the years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING POWERTALK 21 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize National Alcohol Awareness Day and the Mothers Against Drunk Driving’s (MADD) initiative to have open discussions with children about alcohol. PowerTalk 21 is a program that gives families an opportunity to come together to discuss the dangers of underage drinking. 
The Southeast Florida chapter of Mothers 
Against Drunk Driving has been proactive in their efforts to educate the community about 
the dangers of underage drinking. This year they have offered more ways than ever before to share personal experiences about alcohol abuse and the consequences of driving under the influence. 
Every day from April 1 to April 21, MADD 
volunteers published blog posts about their personal tragedies caused by individuals driv-ing under the influence. By sharing their sto-ries, these brave volunteers have given a face to the daunting statistics of lives lost to drunk driving. 
The Southeast Florida Chapter of MADD 
has a long history of championing efforts to raise awareness of underage drinking in our community. They also facilitate the DUI Victim Impact Panel Program, an awareness program for offenders convicted of driving under the in-
fluence of alcohol or other drugs. This pro-gram shows offenders the trauma, emotional suffering, and financial loss that is commonly experienced by innocent victims and their fam-ily members resulting from a DUI-related acci-dents. 
I am honored to recognize the PowerTalk 
21 program, and I hope that this initiative can help inspire our community to come together to make safer decisions for all of us in South Florida and around the United States. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF THE ‘‘START BY 
BELIEVING’’ CAMPAIGN 
HON. ANN KIRKPATRICK 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, according 
to the Arizona Department of Public Safety, there were 1,725 reports of rape or attempted rape in 2012, which is five sexual assaults per day. And in 2014, the U.S. Department of Jus-tice gave an alarming estimate that as many as 1 in 3 Native American women would be sexually assaulted in their lifetime, a rate 2.5 times higher than for any other group. 
Unfortunately, only 40 percent of sexual as-
saults are reported, and if the victim is in col-lege that number is cut in half, according to the Justice Department. Research and infor-mation from Pennsylvania State University and a 2010 U.S. Senate subcommittee hearing found that the top reason sexual assault vic-tims do not report the crime is their fear of not being believed and being blamed for the at-tack. 
To address this issue, End Violence Against 
Women International has developed a pro-gram titled ‘‘Start By Believing,’’ a message that confronts the reality that many victims do not get the support they need when they re-port the crime. Local governments, private businesses, universities and colleges across the country are participating in the Start By Believing campaign. 
April is Sexual Assault Awareness Month, 
and I encourage people everywhere to share this simple message of support for survivors of sexual assault. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.020 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E542 April 21, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO HONOR FLIGHT OF 
SOUTHERN OREGON 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize the 26 World War II veterans from Or-egon who will be visiting their memorial this Saturday in Washington, D.C. through Honor Flight of Southern Oregon. On behalf of a grateful state and country, we welcome these heroes to our nation’s capital. 
The veterans on this flight from Oregon are: 
Lloyd A. Gathright, Army; Ralph K. Lanning, Army; Charles E. Leierer, Army; William S. McMorrine, Army; Edward C. Phillips, Army; Michael Roebuck, Army; Eugene A. Schmick, Army; Clifford W. Scovell, Army; Duane J. Smolik, Army; Vernon Staley, Army; James A. Holland, Army Air Force; Frederic W. Kuhlmann, Army Air Force; Donald D. Williford, Army Air Force; Joe L. Winter, Army Air Force; Charles F. Paul, Marine Corps; Ed-ward C. Glen, Navy; Gerald G. Holland, Navy; Herbert A. Johnson, Navy; Melvin A. Jones, Navy; Robert E. Murray, Navy; Dale B. Palm-er, Navy; John K. Penniman, Navy; Walter W. Schafer, Navy; John Wallenburg, Navy; Ken-neth A. Wisdom, Navy; Michael D. Zagyva, Navy. 
These 26 heroes join more than 81,000 vet-
erans from across the country who, since 2005, have journeyed from their home states to Washington, D.C. to reflect at the memo-rials built in honor of our nation’s veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, each of us is humbled by the 
courage of these brave Americans who put themselves in harm’s way for our country and way of life. As a nation, we can never fully repay the debt of gratitude owed to them for their honor, commitment, and sacrifice in de-fense of the freedoms we have today. 
My colleagues, please join me in thanking 
these veterans and the volunteers of Honor Flight of Southern Oregon for their exemplary dedication and service to this great country. I especially want to recognize Honor Flight of Oregon President, Gail Yakopatz. Her tireless work will result in over 350 World War II vet-erans from Honor Flight of Oregon and South-ern Oregon Honor Flight visiting the memorials and U.S. Capitol. 
f 
COMMENDING THE NEW RISING 
STAR MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
order to commend The New Rising Star Mis-sionary Baptist Church led by Pastor Isadore Edwards, Jr. for establishing the Raymond B. Spencer Scholarship Fund that strives to not only assist young students in their pursuit of higher education but to embody the generous and selfless spirit of Dr. Raymond Bernard Spencer. 
Dr. Raymond Bernard Spencer was born in 
Houston, Texas on September 21, 1964, as the youngest child to Manfred and Helen Spencer. After attending public schools in 
Houston, he went on to obtain his Bachelor of Science Degree from Oklahoma Christian Col-lege in 1989. He then completed the Master of Divinity Program at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary in Fort Worth, Texas, which I am proud to represent in Congress. Dr. Raymond Bernard Spencer continued in his education at Southwestern and obtained his doctoral degree in Theology in 2001. As a further distinction and honor, he served as the first full time African American pastor at South-western where he taught preaching in the School of Theology while also serving as ad-junct professor of the Old and New Testament at Dallas Baptist University. Finally, his service to faith included Superintendent of Church School and Assistant to Pastor Isadore Davis, Jr. at The New Rising Star Missionary Baptist Church in Fort Worth, Texas. 
There can be no doubt that Dr. Spencer 
was an exceptional student, respected seeker of knowledge, and follower in the path of God, but he was also a caring professor, a trusted friend, gifted vocalist, and a generous advo-cate of academic excellence for students and young people. He pursued all of these pas-sions in life, faith, and academics with such staunch persistence and zeal until he was laid to rest on January 10, 2013. I can think of no better way to honor his lifelong devotion to im-proving the lives of those around him than continuing his advocacy for higher education with the Raymond B. Spencer Scholarship Fund and I congratulate The New Rising Star Missionary Baptist Church on their tenth anni-versary of this wonderful endeavor. 
I am so proud to represent The New Rising 
Star Missionary Baptist Church and many members of their congregation who devote their lives to improving the lives of their young students and opening up opportunities for them to preserve Dr. Spencer’s legacy of ex-cellence. Let their efforts serve as a testament to the lives of others for what can be achieved through dedication and devotion to the greater good of humanity. 
In honor of The New Rising Star Missionary 
Baptist Church led by Pastor Isadore Edwards, Jr. and the Raymond B. Spencer Scholarship Fund this statement will be en-tered into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD on 
Tuesday, April 21, 2015. 
f 
CONGRATULATING 2015 INDUCTEES 
INTO THE IOWA VOLUNTEER HALL OF FAME 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, Governor Terry E. 
Branstad and Lt. Governor Kim Reynolds in-ducted three individuals and one organization into the Iowa Volunteer Hall of Fame on April 14th, 2015 in Des Moines, Iowa. The 2015 in-ductees include H.D. ‘‘Ike’’ Leighty from Wa-terloo and the Sisters of Mercy from Cedar Rapids. Both reside in my district and I rise today to honor their hard work and acknowl-edge their accomplishments. 
H.D. ‘‘Ike’’ Leighty co-founded Engineered 
Products Company in Waterloo, Iowa in 1977. After selling the business, he established The Leighty Foundation and the Mother Moon Service Scholarship program. Every year, this 
program awards a college scholarship to one Black Hawk county high school junior who completes over 100 hours of community serv-ice. To date, 179 Iowans have received assist-ance towards a college education from the Mother Moon Service Scholarship. 
In 1989, the Sisters of Mercy founded the 
Catherine McAuley Center to develop long term solutions to poverty in the Cedar Rapids area. Guided by the five core values of em-powerment, learning, mercy, community, and commitment, the Sisters provide one-on-one tutoring for adults, as well as transitional hous-ing for victims of domestic violence, and those who suffer from mental illness and substance abuse. 
H.D. ‘‘Ike’’ Leighty and the Sisters of Mercy 
are model citizens and assets to their commu-nities. I encourage all Iowans to visit the State of Iowa Historical Museum in Des Moines and view the Iowa Volunteer Hall of Fame plaques where their names now join 155 other induct-ees. On behalf of the people of Iowa’s first district, I commend Mr. Leighty and the Sisters of Mercy for their selflessness and sacrifice in service to our communities. I congratulate them on their 2015 induction into the Iowa Volunteer Hall of Fame. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JOHN P. NELSON IN 
THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. John P. Nelson for his many years of service and dedication to the Iowa West Foundation. He is an Iowa native and I’m proud to recognize him today for his great achievement. 
Mr. Nelson is Chairman of the Board for the 
Silverstone Group. He graduated from Abra-ham Lincoln High School in Council Bluffs, Iowa and attended Carleton College in Min-nesota and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics. Mr. Nelson then joined the United States Navy and served his country for three years. After leaving the Navy, Mr. Nelson returned to Iowa and joined his fam-ily’s insurance agency, now the Silverstone Group. 
Because of his active service participation 
throughout the area in business and his com-munity, Mr. Nelson has earned several pres-tigious awards for his service. He continues to serve on many area boards and commissions. Mr. Nelson’s endless dedication, commitment, generosity and leadership to the Iowa West Foundation and the Council Bluffs community has enhanced and improved the quality of life for our community and citizens. Mr. Nelson’s devotion to Iowa has helped create a place where it is great to raise a family, work and live. 
Mr. Nelson is an Iowan who has made a dif-
ference and made our state proud. He has dedicated his life to helping and serving others and it is with great honor that I recognize him today. I know that my colleagues in the House join me in honoring his accomplishments. I thank him for his service and wish him and his family all the best moving forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.025 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E543 April 21, 2015 
A TRIBUTE TO PAMELA PATTON 
IN THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor Pamela Patton, an entrepreneurial res-taurant owner in Des Moines, Iowa. Ms. Pat-ton received the 2015 Faces of Diversity American Dream Award. 
This prestigious award, sponsored by the 
National Restaurant Association Educational Foundation in partnership with PepsiCo Foodservice, celebrates the importance of di-versity and inclusion by recognizing three restauranteurs nationwide that excelled in pro-moting these goals for 2015. Ms. Patton worked hard and with determination in order to get the funding to pursue her dream She made the decision to open her restaurant in a neighborhood of Des Moines where she could help elevate a diverse neighborhood, offering jobs to help support the surrounding commu-nity. 
I applaud and congratulate Pamela for her 
award and for providing the Des Moines com-munity with her support and service. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating Pamela Patton and wishing her well and continued success in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, due to the recent 
birth of my twin daughters, I was unable to be present for votes on the House floor the week of April 13, 2015. Below is an explanation of how I would have voted and why. 
I would have voted for H.R. 1259, the Help-
ing Expand Lending Practices in Rural Com-munities Act, which creates a process for areas to be considered rural to allow other-wise prohibited balloon payments in qualified mortgages. This bill aims to improve access to financing for borrowers in rural, underserved areas, which will help families nationwide achieve the dream of home ownership. 
I would have voted for H.R. 1265, the Bu-
reau Advisory Commission Transparency Act, which requires advisory committees estab-lished by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to adhere to federal ethics and con-flict-of-interest laws. Government transparency is essential to holding administration officials accountable, and this bill will help ensure that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau conducts their crucial work out in the open. 
I would have voted for H.R. 1480, the SAFE 
Act Confidentiality and Privilege Enhancement Act, which would provide confidentiality protec-tions to financial services regulators when they access information in the national mortgage li-censing and registry system. This bill will pro-vide financial regulators the confidentiality pro-tections they need to protect consumers and eliminate fraud in the mortgage industry. 
I would have voted against H.R. 650, the 
Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act, which reduces regulatory restrictions on 
high-cost mortgages in the manufactured housing industry to increase the maximum in-terest rates manufactured housing vendors can charge. This bill would hamstring Dodd- Frank regulations designed to protect con-sumers from predatory lending practices in the manufactured housing industry. The bill seeks to reduce the regulatory restrictions on high- cost mortgages in the manufactured housing industry by increasing the maximum interest rates manufactured housing vendors can charge. 
I would have voted for H.R. 685, the Mort-
gage Choice Act of 2015, which seeks to clar-ify conflicting definitions under current law concerning affiliated and unaffiliated title com-panies, and could help keep interest rates on mortgage loans affordable. 
I would have voted for Rep. V
ANHOLLEN ’s 
Motion to Instruct Conferees on S. Con. Res. 11, which would instruct conferees to recede to the Senate budget resolution accommoda-tion for legislation to improve workplace bene-fits, including paid sick leave. The motion would also instruct budget conferees to reject the House-passed budget’s provision to turn Medicare into a voucher program. Our seniors depend on Medicare, and I will reject any at-tempt to end the Medicare guarantee and in-crease out-of-pocket health costs for seniors. 
I would have voted for H.R. 1562, the Con-
tracting and Tax Accountability Act of 2015, and H.R. 1563, the Federal Employee Tax Ac-countability Act of 2015. H.R. 1562 would gen-erally prohibit individuals and companies with seriously delinquent tax debts from receiving federal contracts and grants, and H.R. 1563 would make individuals with seriously delin-quent tax debt ineligible for federal employ-ment if they fail to accept a payment plan within nine months of enactment. Corporations and individuals with serious tax delinquencies should not receive taxpayer-subsidized bene-fits over those who fulfill their tax obligations. 
I would have voted against H.R. 622, the 
State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act, which would permanently allow taxpayers to deduct state and local sales taxes in lieu of state and local income taxes, without offsetting the cost. This bill would increase the deficit by $42 billion and encourages states to raise taxes, pressuring the federal government to in-crease taxes to account for the difference. California does not benefit from the state and local sales tax deduction, so this bill would push more of the nation’s tax burden onto hardworking taxpayers in my district. 
Finally, I would have voted against H.R. 
1105, the Death Tax Repeal Act. This bill re-peals the federal estate tax, which currently affects only estates valued at $5.4 million or above ($10.8 million for couples). This bill would add $269 billion to the federal deficit, and the entirety of those benefits would go to the wealthiest 0.2 percent of estates. The fed-eral tax code should expand opportunity for everyone, rather than stacking the deck against middle-class families. A TRIBUTE TO GALE AND MARY 
M
CKINNEY IN THE FIRST SES-
SION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor Gale and Mary McKinney on the very special occasion of their 75th wedding anniversary. 
The McKinney’s were married at the Little 
Brown Church in the Vale, in Nashua, Iowa, on April 21, 1940. This wonderful couple con-tinues to be a visible and important part of their community and it is an honor to rep-resent them in the United States Congress. 
Gale and Mary’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. I salute this devoted couple on their 75th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous oc-casion. 
f 
FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF JOB 
CORPS 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, this 
evening, hundreds of individuals from across the United States will be gathering at the Mel-lon Auditorium in Washington, D.C. to cele-brate the fiftieth anniversary of Job Corps. 
Originally created by President Lyndon B. 
Johnson to wage the War on Poverty, the Job Corps program is one of the nation’s most successful anti-poverty programs today. Job Corps empowers its participants to become productive members of society by helping them reach their goals, achieve educational aspirations, and learn a trade. 
I have seen first-hand the positive impact 
Job Corps has had on the graduates of Turner Job Corps in my hometown of Albany, Geor-gia. 
There is Marc Scotton of Atlanta, Georgia, 
who arrived at Turner Job Corps Center not believing in himself and not focused on his schoolwork. After successfully completing the program, he will begin an internship at an At-lanta radio station and plans to study Mass Communications at college. 
There is Anna Washington, who first heard 
of Turner Job Corps through her church. She chose to pursue a certification as a Medical Administrative Assistant. Staying focused, Anna completed her career pathway in six months. A year and a half ago, she became a certified Clinical Medical Administrative As-sistant and attended advanced training at the Atlanta Job Corps. 
These two stories are but a few of the suc-
cesses of the Turner Job Corps Center and the Job Corps program in general. Their achievements also are the result of the out-standing staff at these Job Corps Centers. 
The young men and women who success-
fully complete their training at Job Corps Cen-ters across the country receive much more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.029 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E544 April 21, 2015 
than a certificate of completion. They gain val-
uable career and social skills that will serve them well throughout their lives—all in a sup-portive environment that encourages growth and success. 
President Lyndon Johnson once said when 
describing his War on Poverty—‘‘What we’re trying to do—instead of people getting some-thing for nothing, we’re going to try to fit them where they can take care of themselves . . . That’s our program. We don’t want them to get something for nothing. We want to get them where they can carry their own weight.’’ 
As the Co-Chairs of the Friends of the Job 
Corps Congressional Caucus, Congressman C
HRISTOPHER GIBSON and I will work with the 
79 other members of the Caucus to ensure that it continues to fulfill President Lyndon B. Johnson’s goal now and into the future. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO GREGORY ‘‘GREG’’ 
REEDER IN THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. Greg Reeder for being named one of the American Public Works As-sociation top ten Public Works Leaders. 
For 55 years, the American Public Works 
Association (APWA) has annually honored ten outstanding public works professionals from the U.S. and Canada as the ‘‘Top Ten Public Works Leaders of the Year.’’ The Public Works Leader Award aims to inspire excel-lence and dedication in public service by rec-ognizing the outstanding career service achievements of individual public works pro-fessionals and officials, from either the public or private sector. As the most prestigious na-tional award in the public works profession, the honorees are recognized for their profes-sionalism, expertise and personal dedication to improving the quality of life in their commu-nities through the advancement of public works services. 
Mr. Reeder graduated from the University of 
Nebraska-Omaha with a Bachelor’s Degree in engineering and a Master’s Degree in Public Administration. He served as the Council Bluffs City Engineer and continues to serve as the Public Works Director. 
Mr. Reeder managed the implementation of 
the mandated separation of the city’s com-bined sanitary and storm systems. He played a major role in the recovery from the 1988 tor-nado and the 2011 flood events that impacted Council Bluffs. Mr. Reeder instituted an ‘‘Infra-structure Management System’’ which com-bined street needs and sewer needs in an ef-fort to prioritize infrastructure projects. Under his leadership the city received recognition by the APWA for their ‘‘Excellence in Snow and Ice Control Award.’’ He is a frequent con-tinuing education presenter to his fellow civil engineers and he has been published in the ‘APWA Reporter’. 
Mr. Reeder is an Iowan who has made a 
difference in the lives of many and for that we are deeply proud. He has dedicated his life to helping and serving others and so it is with great honor that I recognize him today. I know that my colleagues in the House join me in honoring his accomplishments. I thank him for 
his service and wish him and his family all the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL 
PETER DANIEL MUENCH 
HON. DENNY HECK 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Lieutenant Colonel Peter Daniel Muench, United States Army, recipient of the 2015 Hero of Military Medicine Award, for his com-mitment to our nation’s servicemembers and their families. The Hero of Military Medicine Award is presented by the Henry Jackson Foundation for the Advancement of Military Medicine. 
Following graduation from the United States 
Military Academy at West Point in 1998 and Medical School in 2002, LTC Muench married Dr. Dawn Muench and trained as an intern, resident, and Chief Resident in Family Medi-cine at Tripler Army Medical Center in Hono-lulu, Hawaii. His first assignment following residency was as the Chief of Flight Medicine at the DiLorenzo TRICARE Health Clinic at the Pentagon in Washington, DC. LTC Muench completed fellowship in Primary Care Sports Medicine at the National Capital Con-sortium, Washington, DC, in 2009. He de-ployed as a Battalion Surgeon with 2–87 In-fantry in the 10th Mountain Division to Afghan-istan in 2006–2007, and with the 28th Combat Support Hospital as the Director of Inpatient Services in Basra, Iraq, in 2010. 
LTC Muench served as full-time teaching 
faculty in the Madigan Army Medical Center Family Medicine Residency at Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM), Washington, as well as the Director of Primary Care Sports Medi-cine for the Hospital from 2009–2013. From 2012–2013 he was the project officer and Di-rector of the Soldier Peak-Performance and Rehabilitation of the Tactical Athlete (SPAR-TA) Clinic on JBLM, instituting a cutting-edge approach to injured Soldier care. He currently serves as the Battalion Surgeon for 3rd Bat-talion, 1st Special Forces Group (Airborne) on JBLM. 
In addition to his military contributions, LTC 
Muench has served as the Team Physician for American University in Washington, DC, the U.S. Army Team Physician for the Wounded Warrior Games, and as a U.S. Olympic Team Physician in Sochi, Russia. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, his friends, family and fellow servicemembers, I commend LTC Muench for his accomplishments. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO EMC INSURANCE IN 
THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate a great Iowa company, EMC Insurance. EMC has been recognized as a Hero for the Homeless 
by the Central Iowa Shelter and Services. 
EMC was founded in Iowa in 1911 and now 
has more than 2,100 employees; it is consid-ered to be among the top 50 insurance com-panies in the country. The business has evolved since its original founding and now provides property and casualty insurance products along with other services throughout the United States. 
As a company, EMC has dedicated itself to 
serving those who are less fortunate, working to build a better future for the next generation. Every year Central Iowa Shelter and Services recognizes its ‘‘Heroes’’ who have significantly given time and financial support to address homelessness in Central Iowa. EMC deserves to be commended for their active role reducing the number of homeless in the Central Iowa Community. 
I applaud and congratulate EMC for receiv-
ing this award and their tireless support for the homeless in Iowa’s Third Congressional Dis-trict. I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I know that my col-leagues will join me in congratulating EMC In-surance and wishing them well with continued success in the future. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF COL BRETT 
BOLANDER’S CHANGE OF COM-MAND 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to ask for the House’s attention to recognize Colonel Brett Bolander who will have a change of command from Anniston Army Depot at the end of July. 
Colonel Bolander was commissioned as an 
Ordnance Officer upon graduation from the University of Nebraska at Kearney in 1987 with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Criminal Justice. His later education includes the Ord-nance Officer Advanced Course; Logistics Ex-ecutive Development Course; the Florida Insti-tute of Technology, where he earned his Mas-ter’s Degree in Logistics Management; the Command and General Staff College; and the National War College, where he earned his Master’s Degree in National Security and Stra-tegic Studies. 
His previous assignments include Platoon 
Leader, Shop Officer, Battalion S4 and Head-quarters Company Commander, 3rd Armored Division, 122nd Main Support Battalion, in Germany, deploying with the division to Oper-ations Desert Shield, Desert Storm and Pro-vide Comfort; Battalion S4 of the 42nd Medical Field Hospital, Deputy Brigade S4, Com-mander of 156th Maintenance Company, Bri-gade Inspector General, and later as Chief As-sistance Branch, United States Army Armor Center and Fort Knox Inspector General, Fort Knox, KY; Support Operations Officer, 13th Corps Support Command, Fort Hood, Texas; Brigade S4, 101st Forward Support Battalion Support Operations Officer and Battalion Ex-ecutive Officer, 1st Infantry Division, 1st Bri-gade Combat Team (Mechanized), Fort Riley, KS; Aide-de-Camp to the Deputy Com-manding General and as the Secretary to the General Staff, United States Army Materiel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.032 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E545 April 21, 2015 
Command, Fort Belvoir, VA; Commander, 
302d Brigade Support Battalion; Operational Readiness Officer, Department of the Army G4 to include a three month deployment to Haiti; Support Operations Officer, Operation Unified Response. 
His most recent assignment was Senior Lo-
gistics Advisor and Director for Strategic Oper-ations for the Deputy Commander Support Operations, NATO Training Mission-Afghani-stan/Combined Security Transition Command- Afghanistan. 
Included in his awards and decorations are 
the Bronze Star Medal, six awards of the Meri-torious Service Medal, the Joint Service Com-mendation Medal, Army Commendation Medal, five awards of the Army Achievement Medal, National Defense Service Medal with star, Southwest Asia Service Medal with three stars, Afghanistan Campaign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary and Service Medals, Korean Defense Service Medal, Armed Forces Service Medal, Humanitarian Service Medal, Armed Forces Reserve Medal with hour glass, Army Service Ribbon, Army Overseas Service Ribbon with 2 device, NATO Training Mission Afghanistan Medal, Kuwait Liberation Medal (Saudi Arabia), Ku-wait Liberation Medal (Kuwait), Army Meri-torious Unit Commendation and Department of the Army Staff Identification Badge. 
Colonel Bolander is married to the former 
Donna McDonald. They have three children, Jessie, Katherine, and Austin. He led and commanded Anniston Army Depot from Au-gust 2012 to July 2015. 
The Depot has 4,000 military, civilian and 
contractor employees with an annual budget of approximately $750 million. 
While at Anniston Army Depot, he safely 
helped execute millions of direct labor hours while helping overhaul and maintain our na-tion’s critical combat equipment. His hands-on leadership for the workforce helped ensure our nation’s military was provided the best pos-sible equipment available to keep them as safe as possible while allowing them to ac-complish their vital mission. 
Mr. Speaker, we will miss Colonel Bolander 
in Anniston, but wish him the very best. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO MAYOR FRANK 
COWNIE IN THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Des Moines Mayor, Frank Cownie. Mayor Cownie has been recognized as a Hero for the Home-less by the Central Iowa Shelter and Services. 
Mayor Cownie was first elected Mayor in 
2008 and he has been proudly serving the people of Des Moines ever since that day. He has been an advocate for the less fortunate and has worked tirelessly to find new, innova-tive ways to support those in the Des Moines community who need it the most. 
Mayor Cownie has deep ties to Des Moines 
and has always worked hard to make it the best place to work, live and raise a family. Every year Central Iowa Shelter and Services recognizes its ‘‘Heroes’’ who have significantly given time and financial support to address 
homelessness in our communities. Mayor Crownie deserves to be commended for his active role in reducing the number of home-less in the Central Iowa Community. 
I applaud and congratulate Mayor Cownie 
for this award and for providing his tireless support for the homeless in Iowa’s Third Con-gressional District. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues will join me in congratulating Mayor Cownie and wishing him continued suc-cess in the future. 
f 
LIFT THE CRUDE OIL BAN 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, new tech-
nologies have ushered in an American energy revolution. Last year, the U.S. overtook Russia and Saudi Arabia to become the largest crude oil producer in the world. 
We now have more oil than we can refine 
or store. A majority of U.S. refineries are built to handle heavy, sour crude but new oil pro-duction is light, sweet crude. U.S. refiners sim-ply can’t keep up with the new production. 
Normally producers could simply pump oil 
into storage containers. But experts say those storage tanks could fill up before the end of this month. 
Instead of exporting excess oil like pro-
ducers get to do in other countries, the ban is already forcing U.S. oil producers to leave oil in the ground and lay off workers. 
About 50% of the working rigs in my home 
state of Texas have had to shut down in the last 6 months. Over 70,000 people have been laid off since Thanksgiving. 
The solution to this problem is clear: it is 
time for the crude oil ban to be lifted. 
Critics of lifting the ban are afraid that U.S. 
oil exports will lead to higher domestic gas prices. Fortunately, many studies have de-bunked this myth. 
Gas prices are more closely linked to the 
international market—or Brent price—than the domestic price of crude because refined prod-ucts like gasoline are traded freely on the international market. So the more crude oil we can put on the international market, the lower the international price of crude oil. The lower the international price of crude oil, the lower the price of gas for Americans. 
A Rice University study released in March 
2015 reviewed previous studies that examined the impact of removing the ban on gas prices. They found that ‘‘all studies underscore that lifting the export ban will not translate into higher gasoline prices. In fact, studies gen-erally project gasoline prices in the U.S. will fall once the ban is lifted.’’ 
U.S. crude entering the global market will in-
crease the international oil supply and de-crease the price of gas. 
The only thing the studies do not agree on 
is just how much gas prices will drop. Savings could range from 1.8 to 12 cents per gallon at the pump. 
Lifting the ban will also lead to more jobs 
and a higher GDP. 
An IHS study predicts crude oil exports 
would support nearly 300,000 jobs by 2018. Removing the export ban would add $26 bil-
lion to GDP per year and improve labor in-come by about $158 per year, on average. 
As it improves the U.S. economy, removing 
the ban will also improve our national security. 
The original purpose of the ban put in place 
back in 1973 was to insulate the United States from the volatility of the international oil mar-ket. Ironically, today the ban exposes the U.S. market to volatility. Because our gas prices are tied to the international price of crude, if there is a disruption in the international supply, that directly affects our gas prices. The more crude oil we can put on the market, the more we can minimize those disruptions. Even 1 million barrels of swing capacity matters a lot in the world. 
So if ISIS continues to wreak havoc and dis-
rupts oil supply in places like Libya and Iraq, having more U.S. crude oil on the market would help prevent a spike in the price of crude oil and gas prices. 
Lifting the ban would also free us up to help 
our allies more. Europe gets 40% of its oil from Russia. Exporting crude oil would give the Europeans an alternative to having to de-pend on Russia. 
It would also increase our influence in Asia. 
Japan and South Korea partly rely on crude oil from Iran to satisfy their growing energy con-sumption. U.S. exports can help diminish that reliance. 
Ironically, with the so-called deal with Iran it 
is now U.S. government policy to allow Iran to export crude oil and inject billions of dollars into their own economy. At the same time it is still U.S. government policy to prohibit U.S. producers from doing the same. 
U.S. exports offer a stable source of energy 
to our allies and decrease their reliance on dictators and state sponsors of terror. 
Lifting the ban shows that the U.S. is seri-
ous about supporting free market rules around the world. We criticize China for not exporting rare earth minerals and yet here we are not exporting crude oil. Removing the ban will give us more credibility when we criticize other na-tions’ export bans. 
All in all, it is high time we remove the crude 
oil export ban. Exporting U.S. crude will lower gas prices, increase American jobs, and strengthen our national security. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO BARBARA & MI-
CHAEL GARTNER IN THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CON-GRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Barbara and Michael Gartner. Barbara and Michael have been recognized as Heroes for the Homeless by the Central Iowa Shelter and Services. 
Barbara and Michael have spent the last 40 
years serving the people of Des Moines, vol-unteering their time as board members, fund- raisers and philanthropists. They have been advocates for the less fortunate and have worked extensively to transform the Des Moines area, making it a better place to live, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.036 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E546 April 21, 2015 
work and raise a family. Every year, Central 
Iowa Shelter and Services recognizes its ‘‘He-roes’’ who have significantly given time and fi-nancial support to address homelessness in our communities. Barbara and Michael de-serve to be commended for their active role in reducing the number of homeless in the Cen-
tral Iowa Community. 
I applaud and congratulate Barbara and Mi-
chael for this award and for providing their tireless support for the homeless in Iowa’s Third Congressional District. I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues will join me in con-gratulating Barbara and Michael; we wish them well with continued success in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, due to the birth of 
my first children—twin baby girls named Sky and Sage—I was unable to be present for votes on the House floor the week of March 23, 2015. Below is an explanation of how I would have voted and why. 
I would have voted for H.R. 360, to re-au-
thorize the Native American Housing Assist-ance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 and for other purposes, because it provides hous-ing assistance to Native Americans by allow-ing tribes to determine their own low-income housing needs, including housing for Native American veterans who are homeless or in danger of becoming homeless. 
I would have voted for H. Res. 162, which 
calls on the President to provide Ukraine with military assistance to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity, because an inde-pendent, democratic and prosperous Ukraine is in the national interest of the United States, and that Russia has engaged in political, eco-nomic and military aggression that violates the territorial integrity of Ukraine. 
I would have voted for H.R. 216, the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs Budget Planning Re-form Act of 2015, which I also supported in the Veterans Affairs Committee. This bill re-quires the VA to plan ahead, annually submit a five-year budget plan for the agency to meet its commitment to veterans, including the re-sources necessary to meet those needs, and will assist Congress in holding the VA ac-countable for its obligation to our veterans. 
I would have voted against the Ellison 
Amendment to H. Con. Res. 27, the Congres-sional Progressive Caucus substitute budget. While I support some of the provisions of this alternative budget, I oppose raising America’s tax burden by $6.9 trillion over the next dec-ade. This budget would not do enough to re-duce the deficit and trim wasteful government spending, and does not reflect the best course for the nation at this time. 
I would have also voted against the 
Butterfield Amendment to H. Con. Res. 27, the Congressional Black Caucus substitute budg-et. While this alternative also contains many worthwhile measures, I cannot support a budget that adds $2.7 trillion in new taxes over the next 10 years. My district’s priorities dictate a more fiscally responsible approach. 
I would have also voted against the Van 
Hollen Amendment to H. Con. Res. 27, the Democratic Caucus substitute budget. While I 
support many of the priorities in this budget, it also increases the deficit and burdens Amer-ican families with more $1.8 trillion in addi-tional taxes. This budget does not do enough to trim unnecessary government spending, and is not right for the 36th District at this juncture. 
I would have voted against the Stutzman 
Amendment to H. Con. Res. 27, the Repub-lican Study Committee substitute budget. This extremist, destructive plan would render Medi-care unrecognizable from the current, suc-cessful program. It would keep seniors from enrolling in Medicare until age 67, and then give them a voucher that would raise their out- of-pocket costs substantially. It would keep seniors from receiving Social Security until age 70, and result in millions of individuals, families, and children losing Health coverage. There is no place in Congress for radical, ex-tremist agendas that distract us from genuine solutions for hardworking Americans, and I would have vehemently rejected this alter-native budget. 
I would have strongly opposed, spoken on 
the floor against, and voted against the Price Amendments to H. Con. Res. 27, the House Republican budget resolution. Once again, House Republican Leadership seeks to bal-ance the budget on the backs of middle-class families and seniors, undermine our economic recovery, and end the Medicare guarantee. 
This disastrous Republican budget puts an 
end to Medicare as we know it, turning it into a voucher program that makes health care more expensive and less accessible for sen-iors. Thousands of seniors in my district rely on Medicare, and this backwards budget pro-posal threatens the retirement security of sen-iors living in our desert and across the nation. Our priority should be to strengthen Medicare by reducing health care costs and improving patient outcomes. 
Instead, House Republican Leadership has 
shifted the cost of Medicare to seniors, prioritizing more tax cuts for billionaires and big business. We must work together to pro-tect and preserve Medicare, reduce our deficit, and decrease health care costs. This budget would do the opposite—jeopardizing Medicare and threatening the well-being of our seniors. 
In addition, this budget would remove more 
than 16 million Americans from their health plan, swelling the ranks of the uninsured while callously removing consumer protections for women, young adults, and those with pre-ex-isting conditions. Worse yet, this budget would not even offer economic benefit in return for eviscerating the health care system. In fact, independent studies estimate the Republican budget would grind economic growth to a halt, costing Americans almost 3 million jobs by 2017. 
The House Republican budget would end 
Medicare as we know it, ask seniors and fami-lies to pay more for less health coverage, and decimate economic growth for the middle class, all to give huge tax breaks to wealthy corporations. This is not a serious effort to work across party lines for the good of the country, but a reflection of the extreme, up-side-down priorities of the House Republican caucus. 
Finally, I would have voted for H.R. 2, the 
Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015. This long-overdue legislation abolishes the flawed SGR formula and re-places it with HR a bipartisan agreement to 
provide stability for Medicare beneficiaries and providers alike. By providing a reliable, value- based payment system, this bill will protect seniors’ access to Medicare and preserve their established relationships with their doctors. 
Additionally, this bipartisan bill will extend 
the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), which provides crucial health cov-erage for low-income children, extend vital funding for Community Health Centers and other safety net providers, and avoid premium spikes or doctors dropping Medicare patients. 
As long as I have been in Congress, I have 
advocated for a long-term SGR fix for our sen-iors and physicians. I co-sponsored the bipar-tisan framework that forms the foundation of this bill, and I have written to House leader-ship multiple times asking for this solution to be brought to the floor. This bill is a practical solution that will protect and preserve Medi-care for our seniors and provide stability and relief for our nation’s health care providers, and I am proud to support it. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO DENNIS HOHN IN 
THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. Dennis Hohn for his re-tirement after many years of service to the Stuart Fire Department in Stuart, Iowa. 
For the past 30 years Dennis has served 
the Stuart Fire Department in a variety of dif-ferent roles. He has also been active with the Iowa Fire Service Training Bureau as a cer-tified trainer. Dennis was recently honored by Fire Chief, Mike Renslow, for his long history of commitment to the safety of his community. I truly admire his hard work and the service that he has provided to his fellow Iowans. 
I know that my colleagues in the United 
States Congress join me in commending Den-nis for his service to the community in Stuart and wishing him the best in his retirement. It is a great honor to represent Iowans like Den-nis in Congress and I wish him the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO DENNY WULF IN 
THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Mr. Denny Wulf, Super-intendent of Norwalk Community School Dis-trict. Mr. Wulf has been named the Super-intendent of the Year by the School Adminis-trators of Iowa. 
Mr. Wulf has been superintendent of the 
Norwalk district since 2004. He previously served as Middle School principal and began his teaching career in the high school and as a coach. This award is based on the Iowa Standards for School Leaders and focuses on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.039 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E547 April 21, 2015 
a shared vision of leadership, safety, efficiency 
and effective learning by working with parents and the community to provide a presence of fairness, integrity and ethics. I applaud and congratulate Mr. Wulf for his 
award and for providing the youth in Iowa’s Third Congressional District the education that they will need to be successful in the future. I am proud to represent him, and the entire Norwalk School District in the United States 
Congress. I know that my colleagues will join me in congratulating Denny Wulf and wishing him well with continued success in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21AP8.042 E21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D418 Tuesday, April 21, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2281–S2309 
Measures Introduced: Nineteen bills and two reso-
lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1017–1035, and S. Res. 142–143.
                                      Pages S2300–01 
Measures Considered: 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act—Agree-
ment: Senate continued consideration of S. 178, to 
provide justice for the victims of trafficking, taking action on the following amendment proposed there-to:
                                                           Pages S2286–88, S2288–95 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Cornyn) Amendment No. 1120, to 
strengthen the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act by incorporating additional bipartisan amendments. 
                                                                Pages S2286–88, S2288–95 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached 
providing that when the Senate continues consider-ation of the bill on Wednesday, April 22, 2015, Senator Cornyn, or his designee, be recognized to withdraw McConnell (for Cornyn) Amendment No. 1120, and offer Amendments No. 1124 and No. 301; that there then be one hour of debate, equally divided in the usual form; that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on Leahy Amend-ment No. 301, followed by a vote on Amendment No. 1124, both with a 60 vote affirmative threshold for adoption; that if the Cornyn-Murray amendment 
is agreed to, the time until 2 p.m. be equally di-vided in the usual form, and Senate vote on the fol-lowing amendments in the order listed, with two minutes of debate equally divided before each vote: Cornyn Amendment No. 1127 (side by side to Leahy Amendment No. 290), Leahy Amendment No. 290, Brown Amendment No. 311, Burr Amendment No. 1121, Kirk Modified Amendment No. 273; that amendments in the preceding list each be subject to a 60 vote affirmative threshold for adoption, and that following disposition of these amendments, there then be five minutes equally divided in the usual form, followed by votes on the following amendments (which have been cleared by the man-agers and should be adopted by voice vote): Klo-buchar Amendment No. 296, Hoeven Modified Amendment No. 299, Sullivan Amendment No. 
279, Wicker Amendment No. 1126, Flake Amend-ment No. 294, Cassidy Amendment No. 308, Portman Amendment No. 1128 (the same as 270 with modification), Brown Amendment No. 310, Brown Amendment No. 312, Heller Amendment No. 1122, and Shaheen Amendment No. 303; that there be no second-degree amendments in order to any of the amendments listed, and that following disposition of Shaheen Amendment No. 303, the committee-reported substitute, as amended be agreed to, and Senate vote on passage of the bill.
   Page S2295 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, April 22, 2015.
                                                                                Page S2309 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to the Atomic Energy Act 
of 1954, the proposed Agreement for Cooperation Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the People’s Repub-lic of China Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. (PM–14)
                         Pages S2297–98 
Lynch Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-
eration of the nomination of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney General.
                Page S2295 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Thursday, April 23, 2015.
                                                          Page S2295 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S2298 
Executive Communications:               Pages S2298–S2300 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2301–02 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2302–06 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2306–08 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S2308–09 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2309 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21AP5.REC D21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D419 April 21, 2015 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 9:41 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, April 22, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2309.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
AGRICULTURE TRADE WITH CUBA 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine opportunities and challenges for agriculture trade with Cuba, after receiving testimony from Michael Scuse, Under Sec-retary of Agriculture, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Service; Matthew S. Borman, Deputy Assistant Sec-retary of Commerce for Export Administration; John E. Smith, Acting Director of the Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury; Michael V. Beall, NCBA CLUSA, Washington, D.C.; Terry L. Harris, Riceland Foods, Inc. Stuttgart, Arkansas; Ralph Kaehler, K–LER Cattle Company, St. Charles, Minnesota; Doug Keesling, Kansas Wheat, Chase; and C. Parr Rosson III, Texas A&M University, Col-lege Station. 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF 
VETERANS AFFAIRS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Construction and Veterans’ Affairs, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Veterans Affairs, after receiving testimony from Rob-ert A. McDonald, Secretary, Carolyn M. Clancy, In-terim Under Secretary for Health, Veterans Health Administration, and Danny Pummill, Principal Dep-uty Under Secretary for Benefits, Veterans Benefits Administration, all of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the nomination of Peter Levine, of Maryland, to be Deputy Chief Management Offi-cer of the Department of Defense, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
TERRORISM AND IRREGULAR WARFARE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-
ing Threats and Capabilities, concluded a hearing to examine Department of Defense policy and programs to counter threats to the United States from ter-rorism and irregular warfare, after receiving testi-mony from Michael D. Lumpkin, Assistant Secretary for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict, and Brigadier General Scott A. Howell, USAF, Dep-
uty Director for Special Operations and Counterter-rorism (J37), Joint Staff, both of the Department of Defense. 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
REAUTHORIZATION 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine surface transportation reauthorization, focusing on building on the success of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21) to deliver safe, effi-cient and effective public transportation services and projects, after receiving testimony from Therese Mc-Millan, Acting Administrator, Federal Transit Ad-ministration, Department of Transportation. 
ADVANCING TELEHEALTH THROUGH 
CONNECTIVITY 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Communications, Technology, Innova-tion, and the Internet concluded a hearing to exam-ine advancing telehealth through connectivity, after receiving testimony from Chris Gibbons, Distin-guished Scholar-in-Residence, Connect2HealthFCC Task Force, Federal Communications Commission; Kristi Henderson, University of Mississippi Medical Center, Jackson; Jonathan D. Linkous, American Telemedicine Association, Washington, D.C.; and Todd Rytting, Panasonic Corporation of North America, Newark, New Jersey. 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
REAUTHORIZATION 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Secu-rity concluded a hearing to examine Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization, focusing on certifi-cation and U.S. aviation manufacturing competitive-ness, after receiving testimony from Dorenda Baker, Director, Aircraft Certification Service, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Transportation; Gerald L. Dillingham, Director, Physical Infrastruc-ture Issues, Government Accountability Office; and Peter J. Bunce, General Aviation Manufacturers As-sociation, Washington, D.C. 
CONGRESS AND U.S. TARIFF POLICY 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine Congress and United States tariff policy, after receiving testimony from Thomas J. Donohue, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and Richard L. Trumka, American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations (AFL–CIO), both of Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21AP5.REC D21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D420 April 21, 2015 
EFFICIENCY AND EFFECTIVENESS OF THE 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on State 
Department and USAID Management, International Operations, and Bilateral International Development concluded a hearing to examine improving the effi-ciency and effectiveness of the Department of State, after receiving testimony from Steve A. Linick, In-spector General for the Department of State and the Broadcasting Board of Governors. 
JUVENILE JUSTICE GRANTS 
ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVERSIGHT 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine improving accountability and oversight of juvenile justice grants, including S. 993, to increase public safety by facilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems, after receiving testimony from Elissa Rumsey, Compliance Monitoring Coordi-nator, and Andrea R. Coleman, Disproportionate Mi-nority Contact Coordinator, both of the Office of Ju-venile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, and Karol V. Mason, Assistant Attorney General, Office of Justice Programs, all of the Department of Jus-
tice; Carolyn Lerner, Special Counsel, Office of Spe-cial Counsel; Steven C. Teske, Clayton County Juve-nile Court Judge, Jonesboro, Georgia; Dean Hill Rivkin, University of Tennessee College of Law, Knoxville; and Mark Soler, Center for Children’s Law and Policy, Washington, D.C. 
FULFILLING THE PROMISE TO WOMEN 
VETERANS 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine fulfilling the promise to women veterans, after receiving testimony from Patricia Hayes, Chief Consultant for Women’s Health Serv-ices, Veterans Health Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; Joy J. Ilem, Disabled American Veterans, Washington, D.C.; Anne Davis, Nevada’s Women Veterans Advisory Committee, Reno; and CPT Christina L. Mouradjian (Ret.), Milford, Con-necticut. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 29 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1897–1925; and 8 resolutions, H.J. Res. 56; H. Con. Res. 40; and H. Res. 213–218, were introduced.
                                                Pages H2353–55 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2356–57 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 212, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 1560) to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats, and for other pur-poses, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1731) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance multi-directional sharing of in-formation related to cybersecurity risks and strength-en privacy and civil liberties protections, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–88).
                  Page H2353 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Black to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H2319 Recess: The House recessed at 12:26 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H2322 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:15 p.m. and recon-
vened at 3:31 p.m.                                                    Page H2323 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015: S. 
535, to promote energy efficiency;            Pages H2324–29 
Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug En-
forcement Act of 2015: H.R. 471, amended, to im-
prove enforcement efforts related to prescription drug diversion and abuse;
                             Pages H2329–32 
Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for 
the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby: H. Con. 
Res. 21, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby; and 
                                                                                    Pages H2332–33 
Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for 
the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhi-bition: H. Con. Res. 25, authorizing the use of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21AP5.REC D21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D421 April 21, 2015 
Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Me-
morial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 410 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 162. 
                                                                Pages H2333–35, H2344–45 
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advi-sory Boards Act: The House considered H.R. 1195, 
to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards. Further pro-ceedings were postponed.
                              Pages H2335–43 
Pursuant to H. Res. 200, the amendment printed 
in part C of H. Rept. 114–74 shall be considered as adopted. 
Agreed to: Kuster amendment (No. 2 printed in part D of 
H. Rept. 114–74) that encourages the CFPB Direc-tor to ensure the participation of veteran-owned small business concerns in the Small Business Advi-sory Board.
                                                            Pages H2342–43 
Proceedings Postponed: 
Kuster amendment (No. 1 printed in part D of 
H. Rept. 114–74) that seeks to require the CFPB Director to include representatives of minority- and women-owned small business concerns in the mem-bership of the Small Business Advisory Board, and to include financial institutions predominantly serv-
ing traditionally under-served communities and pop-ulations and their interests in the membership of the Credit Union Advisory Council and Community Bank Advisory Council.
                                         Page H2342 
H. Res. 200, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 622), (H.R. 1105), and (H.R. 1195) was agreed to on April 15th. 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:51 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H2344 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he transmitted the text of a pro-posed Agreement for Cooperation between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Government of the People’s Republic of China Con-cerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy, as well as his written approval, authorization, and determina-tion concerning the Agreement, and an unclassified Nuclear Proliferation Assessment Statement con-cerning the Agreement—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–28).
                                                     Pages H2343–44 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H2323. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H2344–45. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 8:10 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a markup on H.J. Res. 43, dis-approving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health Non- Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014. H.J. Res. 43 was ordered reported, without amendment. 
PROTECTING CYBER NETWORKS ACT; 
NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY PROTECTION ADVANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 1560, the ‘‘Protecting Cyber Networks Act’’; and H.R. 1731, the ‘‘National Cybersecurity Protec-tion Advancement Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 1560. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purposes of amendment the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ment in a nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amend-ment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part A of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. Additionally, the rule granted a structured rule for H.R. 1731. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Homeland Security. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–12 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21AP5.REC D21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D422 April 21, 2015 
order against that amendment in the nature of a 
substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in part B of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. In section 3, the rule directs the Clerk to, in the engrossment of H.R. 1560, add the text of H.R. 1731, as passed by the House, as a new matter at the end of H.R. 1560 and make conforming modifications in the engrossment. The rule provides that upon the addition of the text of H.R. 1731, as passed by the House, to the engrossment of H.R. 1560, H.R. 1731 shall be laid on the table. Testi-mony was heard from Chairman Nunes, Chairman McCaul, and Representatives Schiff, Himes, Polis, Yoder, and Thompson of Mississippi. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations held a markup on H.R. 571, the ‘‘Veterans Affairs Retaliation Prevention Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1015, the ‘‘Protecting Business Opportunities for Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1016, the ‘‘Biological Implant Tracking and Veteran Safety Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1017, the ‘‘Veterans Information Security Improvement Act’’. The fol-lowing bills were forwarded to the full committee, as amended: H.R. 571, H.R. 1015, H.R. 1016, and H.R. 1017. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
APRIL 22, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Transpor-
tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the De-partment of Transportation, 10 a.m., SD–138. 
Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hear-
ings to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2016 for defense innovation and re-search, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security, 
to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for Federal Emer-gency Management Agency (FEMA), 2 p.m., SD–138. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, to 
hold hearings to examine the United States without nu-clear power, 3 p.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readiness 
and Management Support, to hold hearings to examine reform of the defense acquisition system in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to 
examine Air Force and Navy nuclear programs and the implementation of nuclear enterprise review recommenda-tions in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine how to better communicate weather to enhance commerce and safety, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine reauthorization of and potential reforms to the Land and Water Conservation Fund, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-
ings to examine the nomination of Vanessa Lorraine Allen Sutherland, of Virginia, to be a Member and Chairperson of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider S. 
995, to establish congressional trade negotiating objec-tives and enhanced consultation requirements for trade negotiations, to provide for consideration of trade agree-ments, an original bill relating to extension of the trade adjustment assistance program, and amending the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the credit for health insurance costs of certain eligible indi-viduals, an original bill to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Pref-erences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and an original bill to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, 10:45 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine State Department reauthorization, focusing on ensur-ing effective United States diplomacy within a reasonable budget, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine securing the border, focusing on understanding threats and strategies for the northern border, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold an oversight hear-
ing on tribal transportation, focusing on pathways to safer roads in Indian country; to be immediately followed by a business meeting to consider S. 710, to reauthorize the 
Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determina-tion Act of 1996, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21AP5.REC D21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D423 April 21, 2015 
House 
Committee on Agriculture , Subcommittee on General 
Farm Commodities and Risk Management, hearing to re-view reauthorization of the U.S. Grain Standards Act, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture, 
hearing to review reauthorization of the Livestock Manda-tory Reporting Act, 1:30 p.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations , Full Committee, markup on 
Energy and Water Appropriations Bill, FY 2016; Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill, FY 2016; and Report on the Suballocation of Budg-et Allocations for FY 2016, 10:45 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services , Subcommittee on Emerging 
Threats and Capabilities, markup on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 2:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Readiness, markup on H.R. 1735, 
the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 4 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce , Subcommittee 
on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Edu-cation, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Challenges Fac-
ing Native American Schools’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power, markup on the ‘‘Ratepayer Protection Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and 
Trade, markup on the ‘‘Targeting Rogue and Opaque Letters (TROL) Act’’, 12 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Task Force to Investigate 
Terrorism Financing, hearing entitled ‘‘A Survey of Glob-al Terrorism and Terrorist Financing’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Nuclear Agreement with Iran: Can’t Trust, Can We Verify?’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Accountability and Transformation: Tier Rankings in the Fight Against Human Trafficking’’, 1:30 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Poaching and Terrorism: A Na-tional Security Challenge’’, 3 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , Subcommittee on Emer-
gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘Strategic Perspectives on the Bioter-
rorism Threat’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Effi-
ciency, hearing entitled ‘‘Acquisition Oversight: How Ef-fectively Is DHS Safeguarding Taxpayer Dollars?’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on Natural Resources , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Innovations in Safety Since the 2010 Macondo Incident’’, 9:30 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native 
Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘The Obama Administration’s Part 83 Revisions and How They May Allow the Interior Department To Create Tribes, not Recognize Them’’, 4 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Sub-
committee on the Interior, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Department of Energy’s Excess Uranium Management Plan’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Enhancing Cyberse-
curity of Third-Party Contractors and Vendors’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 1806, the ‘‘America COM-PETES Reauthorization Act of 2015’’, 10:15 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Small Business, Big Threat: Protecting Small Businesses from Cyber Attacks’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , Sub-
committee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request for the United States Army Corps of En-gineers and Tennessee Valley Authority’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Philadelphia and Oakland: Systemic Failures and Mismanagement’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means , Subcommittee on Over-
sight, hearing on the 2015 tax filing season and general operations at the Internal Revenue Service, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Full Committee, hearing on the expanding American 
trade with accountability and transparency, 3 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , Subcommittee 
on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Ar-chitecture, hearing on Under Secretary of Defense for In-telligence budget, 2 p.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21AP5.REC D21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD424 April 21, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, April 22 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. At 11 a.m., Senate will vote on Cornyn Amendment No. 1124 and Leahy Amendment No. 301. At 2 p.m., Senate will have a series of votes on amendments on or in rela-tion to the bill, followed by a vote on final passage. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, April 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Complete consideration of 
H.R. 1195—Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act. Consideration of H.R. 1560—Pro-tecting Cyber Networks Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E533 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E534, E543 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E539, E542 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E536 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E533 Cooper, Jim, Tenn., E540 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E537 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E541 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E537 Emmer, Tom, Minn., E534 Farr, Sam, Calif., E539 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E541 
Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E535 Heck, Denny, Wash., E544 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E540 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E539 Kirkpatrick, Ann, Ariz., E541 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E535, E540 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E538 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E540 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E537 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E535 Messer, Luke, Ind., E541 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E534, E536, E538 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E533, E533, E534, E535, E535, 
E536, E537, E538, E538, E539 
Poe, Ted, Tex., E545 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E533 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E544 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E543, E546 Scott, Austin, Ga., E533 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E538 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E542 Walden, Greg, Ore., E542 Whitfield, Ed, Ky., E541 Young, David, Iowa, E542, E543, E543, E544, E544, E545, 
E545, E546, E546 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Apr 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D21AP5.REC D21APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST