Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H411 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JANUARY 16, 2015 No. 8 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 4 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ESSER ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
January 16, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable L UKE 
MESSER to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Thomas Petri, Dominican 
House of Studies, Washington, D.C., of-fered the following prayer: 
Almighty ever-living God, in whose 
hand lies every human heart and the rights of all peoples, graciously receive the prayers we pour out to You for our country, that, through the wisdom of its leaders and the integrity of its citi-
zens, harmony and justice may be as-sured and lasting prosperity come with peace. 
Look with favor, we pray, on this 
House, and, in Your mercy, we beg You to grant that its Members may be Your instruments for us and for the whole world, that the flourishing of peoples, the establishment of peace, and the freedom of religion may, through Your gift, be made secure. 
Mercifully pour out upon these men 
and women, O God, the spirit of Your wisdom, that they may decide every-thing for the well-being and peace of all, and may they never turn aside from Your will. 
We ask this through Christ, our Lord. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces 
to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
PERMANENT SELECT COM-MITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to clause 11 of rule X, clause 11 of rule I, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: 
Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Illinois 
Mr. H IMES, Connecticut 
Ms. S EWELL , Alabama 
Mr. C ARSON , Indiana 
Ms. S PEIER , California 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Illinois 
Mr. S WALWELL , California 
Mr. M URPHY , Florida 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the House stands adjourned until noon on Tuesday, January 20, 2015, for morning-hour debate. 
There was no objection. Thereupon (at 4 o’clock and 4 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, Janu-ary 20, 2015, at noon for morning-hour debate. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
72. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored Inter-national Exchanges and Training FY 2014 Annual Report, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2460(f) and (g); Public Law 87-256, section 112(f) and (g); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
73. A letter from the Assistant Director for 
Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Cuban Assets Control Regulations received January 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
74. A letter from the Controller, Office of 
Federal Financial Management, Office of Management and Budget, transmitting the Office’s interim final rule — Federal Award-ing Agency Regulatory Implementation of Office of Management and Budget’s Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Prin-ciples, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards received January 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
75. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Interior, transmitting the An-nual Operating Plan for Colorado River Sys-tem Reservoirs for 2015, pursuant to 43 U.S.C. 1552(b); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
76. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Regulated Navigation Area; Herbert C. Bonner Bridge, Oregon Inlet, NC [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0987] (RIN: 1625- AA11) received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
77. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revision of Safety/Security Zone Regulations; 2014 Tampa Bay; Captain of the Port St. Petersburg Zone, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2013-0040] (RIN:1625-AA87) re-ceived January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Jan 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA7.000 H16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H412 January 16, 2015 
78. A letter from the Management and Pro-
gram Analyst, FAA, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting the Department’s final rule with request for comments — Elimination of the Air Traffic Control Tower Operator Certificate for Controllers Who Hold a Federal Aviation Administration Cre-dential With a Tower Rating [Docket No.: FAA-2014-1000; Amdt. No. 65-56] (RIN: 2120- AK40) received January 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. ELLMERS (for herself and Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): 
H.R. 398. A bill to provide for the develop-
ment and dissemination of evidence-based best practices for health care professionals to recognize victims of a severe form of traf-ficking and respond to such individuals ap-propriately, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself, Mrs. M IL-
LER of Michigan, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
POEof Texas, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. F LO-
RES, Mr. O LSON , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, 
Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. 
CULBERSON , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
RATCLIFFE , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and 
Mr. B UCSHON ): 
H.R. 399. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to gain and maintain operational control of the international bor-ders of the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Natural Resources, and Ag-riculture, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Mr. 
E
NGEL ): 
H.R. 400. A bill to require the Secretary of 
State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment to submit reports on definitions of placement and recruitment fees for purposes of enabling compliance with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself and 
Mr. W
ENSTRUP ): 
H.R. 401. A bill to extend and enhance pro-
hibitions and limitations with respect to the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. NUGENT (for himself, Mr. 
P
ETERSON , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mrs. B LACK , 
Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. C HABOT , 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. C REN-
SHAW , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-nessee, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. C RAWFORD , 
and Mr. N UNES ): 
H.R. 402. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a national standard in accordance with which nonresidents of a State may carry concealed firearms in the State; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RANGEL (for himself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. P ETERSON , 
Ms. B ASS, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C LAY, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
SERRANO , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): 
H.R. 403. A bill to lift the trade embargo on 
Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, the Judiciary, Financial Services, Oversight and Government Reform, and Agriculture, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: 
H.R. 404. A bill to authorize early repay-
ment of obligations to the Bureau of Rec-lamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. 
E
NGEL , and Mr. R OYCE ): 
H. Res. 37. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives con-demning the recent terrorist attacks in Paris that resulted in the deaths of seven-teen innocent persons and offering condo-lences to those personally affected by this cowardly act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS: 
H.R. 398. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause: Article 1, Section 8, 
Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution gives Con-gress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 399. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 1; and Article 1, 
section 8, clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States 
By Mr. ROYCE: 
H.R. 400. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mrs. WALORSKI: 
H.R. 401. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
‘‘To provide for the common defense,’’ to raise and support Armies,’’ ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy,’’ and ‘‘to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces.’’ 
By Mr. NUGENT: 
H.R. 402. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause in Article I, Section 
8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. RANGEL: 
H.R. 403. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To regulate Commerce with Foreign Na-
tions 
By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: 
H.R. 404. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 132: Mr. B RAT, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mrs. 
ELLMERS , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. P OSEY , 
Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. C ONAWAY , and Mr. T HORNBERRY . 
H.R. 140: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 158: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 169: Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. T IP-
TON, and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 181: Ms. B ASS, Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. 
KLINE. 
H.R. 223: Mr. D UFFY and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 224: Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 225: Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 228: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 300: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 304: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. 
H.R. 344: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
HASTINGS , and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 351: Mr. M CCAULand Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 354: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 390: Mr. E MMER and Mr. D UFFY . 
H. Res. 11: Mr. G IBBS, Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, and Mrs. E LLMERS . 
H. Res. 31: Mr. D UFFY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16JA7.000 H16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK3TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S221 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JANUARY 16, 2015 No. 8 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Heavenly Father, giver of good gifts, 
thank You for another day to serve You. Focus the attention of our Sen-ators on Your will and enable them to discover what best pleases You. Help them to debate without quarrelling and to disagree without being disagreeable. Inspire them to become disciplined fol-lowers of Your purposes ever eager to obey Your commands. Guide, strength-en, and bless them until they reflect Your image of purity, honesty, humil-ity, generosity, and love. 
We pray in Your wonderful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
majority leader is recognized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—H.R. 33 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for its second reading. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 33) to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into ac-count as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place 
the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be placed on the cal-
endar. 
f 
SCHEDULE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
today the Senate is continuing to con-sider S. 1, a bill to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline. Chairman M
UR-
KOWSKI and Senator C ANTWELL are here 
this morning to manage debate, and there are several amendments pending. We will begin voting on those—and any amendments in the queue—around 2:15 p.m. on Tuesday afternoon. 
I encourage all Senators who have 
not already done so to talk to the bill managers about scheduling a time to come down and offer their amend-ments. 
It has taken a while to get going on 
this bill, and the last thing we need at this point is for Members who have been saying they want to have amend-ments to be reluctant to offer them. 
f 
STATE OF THE UNION ADDRESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, we 
are looking forward to welcoming President Obama to the Capitol on Tuesday. The State of the Union is a unique opportunity, not just for the President but for our entire country. If he lays out an agenda that corresponds to the message the voters delivered in 
November, it could signal a truly pro-ductive moment for our country. 
In November the American people 
told us they are tired of Washington’s dysfunction. They told us they are tired of Washington’s prioritizing the concerns of powerful special interests over their own. They called for a Con-gress that functions again, and that is just what we have been working to-ward. They called for Congress to focus on jobs and reform, and that is what we have been doing. 
They also called for President Obama 
to cooperate with Congress to enact a different and better reform agenda for the middle class. On that front, we have some distance to cover, but Tues-day can be a new day. This can be the moment the President pivots to a posi-tive posture. This can be a day he pro-motes realistic reforms that focus on economic growth instead of spending more money than we have. We are eager for him to do so. 
There is much we can accomplish for 
the American people if the President is willing to work with us. We will be looking for signs of that in the speech he delivers Tuesday night. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 1, which the clerk will report. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A bill (S. 1) to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jan 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.000 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S222 January 16, 2015 
Pending: 
Murkowski amendment No. 2, in the na-
ture of a substitute. 
Markey/Baldwin amendment No. 13 (to 
amendment No. 2), to ensure that oil trans-ported through the Keystone XL Pipeline into the United States is used to reduce U.S. dependence on Middle Eastern oil. 
Portman/Shaheen amendment No. 3 (to 
amendment No. 2), to promote energy effi-ciency. 
Cantwell (for Franken) amendment No. 17 
(to amendment No. 2), to require the use of iron, steel, and manufactured goods produced in the United States in the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline and facilities. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
Senator from Hawaii. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak in opposition to an amendment offered by Senator M
CCAIN 
pertaining to the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, popularly referred to as the Jones Act. 
I will, of course, start by saying that 
the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, Senator M
CCAIN, has a dis-
tinguished record of support for our men and women in the military and cares deeply about our national secu-
rity, but on this amendment I respect-fully disagree with our chairman. 
I wish to take a few minutes this 
morning to remind my colleagues why the Jones Act is an essential compo-nent of our national security policy and shipbuilding is a foundational com-ponent of American manufacturing. 
The Jones Act requires that our mar-
itime vessels engaged in shipping goods between U.S. ports must meet three re-quirements: They must be built in the United States, at least 75-percent owned by U.S. citizens, and operated by U.S. citizens. The Jones Act helps to shore up our national security by pro-viding reliable sealift in times of war. It ensures our ongoing viability as an ocean power by protecting American shipbuilders. As a result, the Jones Act provides solid, well-paying jobs for nearly half a million Americans from Virginia to Hawaii. 
In short, the Jones Act promotes na-
tional security and American job cre-ation. Therefore, I am unclear why some of my colleagues are opposed to this commonsense law. I don’t say this simply as a Member from an island State where we depend on the reli-ability offered by American shippers for fresh food, energy, and other every-day goods, but I say this as a Senator who cares deeply about supporting our strong and growing middle class and creating American jobs. 
First, shipbuilding is a major job-cre-
ating industry. According to the Mari-time Administration, there were 107,000 people directly employed by roughly 300 shipyards across 26 States in 2013. Additionally, shipyards indirectly em-ployed nearly 400,000 people across the country. This amendment would spe-cifically knock out the Jones Act pro-vision that requires that U.S.-flagged ships be built in the United States, jeopardizing good-paying, middle-class jobs. To me, that is reason enough to oppose this amendment. Secondly, this is not the time to cre-
ate the instability this amendment would directly cause. After struggling through tough times, America’s ship-building industry is coming back. Both this Congress and the administration have long stressed the need for cre-ating and keeping manufacturing jobs here at home in the United States. Ac-cording to the Navy League, there are 15 tanker ships being built here in the United States right now and slated to join our U.S. flag fleet. These ships don’t create quick-turnaround jobs but hundreds of thousands of well-paying, 
long-term manufacturing jobs. If these ships are not built here in U.S. ship-yards by U.S. workers, where will they be built? Where will these jobs go? China? Other Asian countries? Europe? The shipbuilding industry in our coun-try is rebounding. 
Repealing the Jones Act is a step in 
the wrong direction. Instead of disman-tling a policy that supports American jobs, Congress should be focused on doing more to promote and grow Amer-ican jobs and American manufacturing. 
Repealing the Jones Act’s require-
ment to build ships here in the United States will unquestionably cost U.S. jobs and weaken our position as a man-ufacturing leader. Those are two strikes against the amendment. 
The third and final strike is the fact 
that the amendment would undermine our national homeland security. The Jones Act’s requirements—along with American shipbuilding and the mari-time industries they underpin—provide American-built ships and crews for use by the Department of Defense in times of need. It is easy to see why the Navy and Coast Guard strongly oppose repeal of the Jones Act and all of its compo-nents. 
The Defense Department has con-
cluded: 
We believe that the ability of the nation to 
build and maintain a U.S. flag fleet is in the national interest, and we also believe it is in the interest of the DOD for U.S. shipbuilders to maintain a construction capability for commercial vessels. 
Therefore, there are three strikes 
against this amendment. 
If adopted, the amendment would dis-
mantle the Jones Act, costing Amer-ican jobs, hurting American manufac-turing, and undermining our national security. I ask my colleagues to stand with me—and I certainly ask the chair of the Armed Services Committee to change his mind on this amendment— and nearly half a million middle-class Americans and vote against this amendment if it is brought up for a vote. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
know my colleagues are coming to the floor to talk about various amend-ments. It is likely that on Tuesday we will start voting on at least the pend-ing amendments we have discussed so far. I come to the floor today to talk about the proposal by TransCanada Corporation and about the fact that, 
obviously, there are some here who want to give an expedited approval to that and usurp the President, who needs to review this project in detail to make sure we understand the interests of various people, property owners, and people affected by the pipeline. 
One particular issue in this debate is 
why Congress should be hurrying to give a special interest permitting go- ahead while the President still has issues to address and as do the local communities. I know many of my col-leagues are going to come to the floor to talk about those special interest concerns, as well as the issues of en-ergy efficiency, property rights, cli-mate change, and a whole host of prior-ities. But I am here today to talk about an issue I think is particularly important, which is the fact that tar sands has a loophole and doesn’t pay into the oilspill liability trust fund. 
Both of my colleagues, Senator M
AR-
KEY and Senator W YDEN , are going to 
be putting forward amendments to close this loophole. As a country we have made sure the taxpayers aren’t stuck with the tab of cleaning up oil spills. The principle behind that is to keep our waters safe and to keep our communities from paying the cost of this pollution. It means really to have commonsense laws on the books pro-viding that polluters pay for cleanup. So that is the principle that drives the oilspill liability trust fund. It is some-thing we have had in place for a while. 
Basically, what the oilspill liability 
trust fund means is simply that Amer-ican taxpayers won’t be left holding the bag for the responsibility of spills that happen. We currently in law have a loophole that means that companies that produce the tar sands don’t have to pay into the trust fund. That is be-cause they are considered as synthetic petroleum. So just by the definition, they basically have had a loophole. It is important to me, as the United States considers whether a pipeline should be built across our country that would include these tar sands, which is very thick and heavy material and it is often diluted with lighter oil so it can be easier to handle. But when the spills happen, and it spills in water as we saw with the Kalamazoo spill, it leaves a thicker oil behind that usually sinks to the bottom of the water. That makes it hugely expensive to clean up and really almost nearly impossible to clean up. 
These concerns are driving us to 
make sure that as the United States and Canada continue to look at tar sands production, we are getting the technology in place to deal with this and to get the job done and to make sure that those who are liable for those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jan 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.002 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S223 January 16, 2015 
kinds of spills are actually paying into 
a fund that would help clean up the mess. 
That is why it is so important that 
the Senate take up action on one of these amendments, so that we will be paying into the oilspill liability trust fund for any pipeline that is carrying this crude material. 
I want to go back to why this trust 
fund was created and why it was so im-portant. The oilspill liability trust fund was created in 1986 as part of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse and Liability Act. This bill was signed by President Reagan, but it took 4 more years and a major disaster before the country actually funded the oilspill liability trust fund, and that disaster was Exxon Valdez. My col-league from Alaska will be on the floor later today, and I am sure she could talk a lot about this issue as well. I had many conversations with the late Senator Ted Stevens about this issue, and there were various times when we increased payments into the oilspill li-ability trust fund. When one comes from the State of Washington and Pa-cific waters and when one comes from Alaska, how we clean up these oil spills is incredibly important to our econo-mies. 
What happened in 1989 is that an oil 
tanker hit a reef and ended up spilling 11 million gallons of crude oil. It didn’t take long for those pristine waters of Prince William Sound in Alaska to be impacted. So the impacts of the Exxon Valdez disaster were devastating not just to Prince William Sound but to the entire Pacific Northwest, and the total cost of that cleanup was $2.5 bil-lion. 
Ten years ago, a Federal judge or-
dered Exxon to pay $6.7 billion to thou-sands of Alaskans affected by that oil spill. Fishermen in the Northwest lost more than $300 million as a result of that oil spill. At the time, the liveli-hood of individuals was impacted and, obviously, the wildlife was impacted. It killed sea otters, harbor seals, and ap-proximately 250,000 birds. The images of all this wildlife are seared into our memories even 25 years after the spill. 
When the gulf spill just recently hap-
pened, we revisited a lot of those issues because we wanted to make sure we were getting things right. It was very interesting to see the environmental effects years later and some of the things that still had not recuperated from the oil spill in Prince William Sound. 
In 1990 Congress passed the Oil Spill 
Pollution Act, and it was signed into law by President Bush. It added sweep-ing improvements to the oil spill re-sponse and held parties responsible. It established the mechanism actually to invest in the oilspill liability trust fund. Specifically, the bill said: Let’s have a per-barrel tax to raise the rev-enue for the fund. So today that is an 8 cents per-barrel tax on oil products. 
As I mentioned, this was signed into 
law by President Bush, who specifically praised the funding of the oilspill li-
ability trust fund. He said that ‘‘the prevention, response, liability, and compensation components fit together into a compatible and workable system that strengthens the protection of our environment.’’ 
The reason I am bringing that up is 
because if the oilspill liability trust fund was good enough for oil products promoted by a Republican President, then it ought to be good enough for us in Congress to add tar sands. That lit-erally was just not thought of under the current definition because of the way the definition was written. Be-cause it is a synthetic fuel, they have a loophole. It is a question whether we are going to close this loophole or whether we are going to let them pay zero into the trust fund. 
The fund is used to pay for imme-
diate cleanup costs and spills in navi-gable waters. This is a very important point. Some people would say: Well, aren’t people just liable for their own mess, and why don’t they just clean it up? 
I can tell you that in trying to pro-
tect Puget Sound and trying to clean up the waters off the coast of Wash-ington, you might think it would be easy to figure out where the oil came from. It is not. When you have a busy waterway like Puget Sound, and all of a sudden somebody sights an oil slick or oil product in the water, they don’t know how serious it is. It takes months and months, sometimes years, to figure out where the pollution came from. 
Yes, in the case of Exxon Valdez we 
had a ship that hit a reef and caused a problem. But in many cases, sometimes you don’t know where the spill is com-ing from. A lot of people will say: Well, it wasn’t us. Or they start this process. An oil spill needs an immediate re-sponse, and that is why we established the oilspill liability trust fund—to have an immediate response so that we are not sitting around waiting for weeks and months to figure out who did the oil spill, and so somebody can start the process immediately and work with the Coast Guard to actually clean it up. 
You would think this doesn’t happen 
that frequently, but it happens a lot more frequently than people realize. That is why an immediate fund is im-portant, and that is why everybody who is producing oil should pay into it. Yet there is a loophole in the law, so the per-barrel tax doesn’t apply to tar sands. 
In 2011 the IRS issued a ruling stat-
ing that the tar sands imported into the United States were not subject to the excise tax on petroleum. The ruling was actually based on a 1980 House Ways and Means Committee report that crude oil does not include tar sands. As I said earlier, it is considered synthetic. Therefore, according to the IRS, it is not subject to the tax. 
We should simply clean this up and 
have those responsible for their mess also be responsible for paying in to clean it up. When the oilspill liability 
trust fund was established, it was in-tended to be a mechanism for all oil spills—not the definition of oil as a product. 
Congress should fix this next week 
when we vote on this legislation and figure out exactly how to make sure the Commandant of the Coast Guard would have the tools to deal with this. 
I, too, have concerns about the fact 
that we don’t really have the tools yet to accurately clean up tar sands. When the Commandant of the Coast Guard was before a commerce hearing just a year ago—because I have a great deal of concern about the moving of this product on a variety of transportation means—I asked him about tar sands be-cause the last thing we want to see is product out on our waterways. He said: Our technology is not as sophisticated when you have tar sands. They are heavier, they sink into the water, into the ocean bottom, so it is a challenge for us. Once it settles on the sea floor, our technology is lacking in that re-gard. 
Basically, I am finding that some of 
the dirtiest oil out there does not pay into the oilspill trust fund, and we don’t even have the mechanisms for cleaning up. Unfortunately, we learned that lesson very hard in the 2010 Enbridge pipeline, which was owned by another Canadian company, along the Kalamazoo River in Michigan. It rup-tured, and it spilled 1 million gallons of tar sands into the river. 
This is a picture of that cleanup and 
the process, which was $1.2 billion that was spent. So for those of you who don’t know Kalamazoo, it was an in-credible economic, environmental, and historic issue for the people of Michi-gan. The river was closed for business for 18 months after that spill. More than 35 miles of the river had to be off limits because it was difficult to clean up. 
Today, 4 years later, they are still 
impacted. As I said, the cost was $1.2 billion because they had to dredge the bottom of the river. So any oil spill of that magnitude is damaging. Yet, when we look at this issue, the fact that these tar sands were sinking to the bottom made that dredging even more serious. 
It is the reason why we need to make 
sure these tar sands are taxed just as any other oil that is produced in the United States and pays into this trust fund. A Cornell University study found that ‘‘this spill affected the health of hundreds of residents, displaced resi-dents, hurt businesses, and caused a loss of jobs’’ in Kalamazoo. This study is located online at: https:// www.ilr.cornell.edu/sites/ ilr.cornell.edu/files/GLI lImpact-of- 
Tar-Sands-Pipeline-Spills.pdf. 
I think it is just the start of what the 
challenges will be for us when we allow this kind of tar sands development to move through the United States. Our spill responders are very skilled. First, they know we need to do everything we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jan 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.007 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S224 January 16, 2015 
can to prevent spills, to begin with. 
They are developing technologies to re-spond to the case of an emergency. They are doing everything they can to use this trust fund. 
So we need to make sure we are hav-
ing those who are producing this prod-uct pay into the trust fund. We need to make sure we are closing this loophole. So my colleagues—as I said, Senator W
YDEN and M ARKEY —have been work-
ing on this issue for some time. Sen-ator W
YDEN , the ranking member on 
the Finance Committee, I know he feels very strongly they should be pay-ing into the oil spill liability trust fund and paying their fair share of revenue. I know Senator M
ARKEY has worked on 
this issue in the House of Representa-tives before coming to the Senate. 
So we need to make sure people un-
derstand that dredging is not good enough, that our country needs a plan, that we need not just to rush through this pipeline and basically to think that we have all of the technology, all of the methods, all of the appropriate emergency funds to clean this up. We need to make sure we are not sitting here arguing with a company—a Cana-dian company—that just wants us to clean up the mess and leave the U.S. taxpayer paying the bill. 
In fact, there was some debate in the 
Kalamazoo spill whether the Enbridge company had hit their liability cap and so the trust fund should pay for it, even though they never paid into the trust fund. 
So are we going to let the American 
taxpayers clean up a Canadian oil mess at our expense—that we paid in—and everybody is affected by that? I think we should slow down this process and make sure we are getting things like the oil spill liability trust fund right and that we are getting this added to this legislation before it moves out of the Senate. 
I know my colleagues will get a 
chance to look at this next week. As I said, we will probably start voting early next week on some of these amendments that are being offered. But I hope my colleagues will close these loopholes and make sure that the U.S. citizen and taxpayer is not left on the hook paying for oil spill responsi-bility that should be the responsibility of these individual companies. I know we are expecting some of our other col-leagues to come to the floor shortly to speak on their amendments. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, 
when the new Congress opens there is a choice as to which issues we should start to work on. Would it be infra-structure jobs, clean energy jobs, a 
minimum-wage increase for all of America? No, no. That is not what the new majority decides to bring up. No. Instead, it is a Canadian oil export pipeline. 
Next week I am going to offer an 
amendment that the Senate will con-sider to ask whether we will put Amer-icans first or oil companies first, whether we will keep this oil and gaso-line here for Americans or send it to foreign nations to help them instead. 
If my amendment is defeated, it will 
make clear this is not an energy plan that is ‘‘all of the above,’’ it is oil above all. 
My amendment says that if we build 
the Keystone Pipeline, we keep that oil here. We keep that gasoline here. We keep the diesel, the jet fuel, the heat-ing oil. We keep it all here, because if we send it abroad, what are we doing? We are helping Canadian oil companies get a higher price for their oil. We are acting as the middlemen between dirty foreign oil and thirsty foreign markets. 
Without my amendment, there is 
nothing in the bill or U.S. law that would prevent this oil from being ex-ported. Eighty percent of our refined fuel exports go out of the gulf coast, exactly where Keystone would end, and foreign crude oil—including crude oil from Canada—can be freely reexported. 
We know what TransCanada’s plan is 
because I asked him at a congressional hearing—a senior TransCanada offi-cial—whether he would commit his company to keeping the oil and refined products from Keystone in the United States of America, and he said no. 
Why do the oil companies want to ex-
port this Canadian tar sands oil? Be-cause they can get a higher price and make more profit. 
Tar sands crude in Canada trades for 
$13 less than the U.S. crude bench-mark. The international prices are $3 higher than our prices. 
If we do all of this, if we build this 
pipeline and then we send this oil to foreign countries, then we have turned Uncle Sam into ‘‘Uncle Sucker.’’ Be-cause, make no mistake, without my amendment this bill will not do any-thing to help people at the pump. It will just serve to pump up the profits for oil companies. 
We shouldn’t export in oil, even as we 
are forced to send young men and women to defend oil interests in the most dangerous parts of the world. 
Let us have that debate. As we im-
port—still—oil from the Middle East, coming into the United States on tank-ers, this proposal we are debating next week will actually export oil that is al-ready in the United States. We still im-port millions of barrels of oil every sin-gle day. 
What we hear from the Canadians, 
what we hear from the oil industry is that this is all about energy independ-ence. Energy independence cannot, by definition, include the exportation of oil while the United States of America is still importing millions of barrels of oil per day. That is heading us away 
from, rather than toward, the goal of energy independence. 
That, ladies and gentlemen, is at the 
heart of the issue of what it is that we must understand about this Keystone Pipeline debate. We want lower prices for consumers, lower prices at the gas-oline pump, lower prices for home heat-ing oil, lower prices for diesel, and lower prices all across America. It is akin to a tax break that is going into the pockets of every single American, giving them more spending money be-cause they are paying much less for oil in all of its forms in the United States of America right now, and it is giving an incredible incentive for economic growth in America. 
What makes America great? What 
makes America strong? What makes us strong is when we are strong at home. What makes us strong at home is our economy, because the stronger our economy, the stronger the United States is in projecting power across this planet. 
That is why on this debate the expor-
tation of oil is so central. It goes right to the heart of what we must be dis-cussing and debating in our country. This is an incredible opportunity for our country. 
Let’s take it to the next step. The 
next step includes what is the taxation on the Canadian oil. There is a loop-hole, believe it or not, in the American Tax Code that allows tar sands oil from Canada—such as that that would flow through the Keystone Pipeline—to not pay into the Federal trust fund to re-spond to oilspills in the United States—understand that? 
Canadian oil, the dirtiest in the 
world, coming through the pipeline that the Canadians want to build through the United States, in the event of an oilspill, will not have paid into the oilspill liability fund for oilspill ac-cidents in the United States. 
I wrote to the Treasury Department 
in 2012 urging them to close this loop-hole through executive action, but their response indicated that they do not believe they have the authority to close this loophole on their own, and they need legislation to do so. 
Yet there is nothing in this bill that 
would close this tax loophole for Key-stone tar sands oil. Tar sands oil can be more difficult to clean up than regular crude but receives a ‘‘get out of Canada tax-free’’ card. That makes absolutely 
no sense. We are already importing more than 1.2 million barrels per day of tar sands oil into the United States. But oil companies don’t have to pay into our cleanup fund to import that dirty oil. 
There are roughly 30 oil companies 
importing tar sands crude into the United States. If you are one of those 30 companies, you are getting a great deal. But if you are one of the hundreds of other oil companies out there that do pay into the oilspill trust fund, you should hate this loophole, and the American people should hate that loop-hole as well because the Canadians and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jan 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.009 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S225 January 16, 2015 
their oil companies are not paying 
their fair share of the dues to be able to participate in our great American society. They want to build a pipeline like a straw right through the middle of the United States, send the dirtiest oil right down that straw, and if that straw breaks, if there is a spill, the Ca-nadians have not contributed to the oilspill liability trust fund. Does that make any sense? Does that make any sense? Of course it doesn’t. 
That is why this debate is so impor-
tant. The Congressional Budget Office says this is going to cost the United States of America hundreds of millions of dollars because the Canadians escape their responsibility of paying for the accidents. That is why Senator W
YDEN  
and I are working here to make sure we have an ability to close this loophole, and we are working with Senator C
ANT-
WELL , the ranking member on the com-
mittee. Along with Senator C ANTWELL , 
we are going to make sure we have this important debate on the Senate floor. 
I know Senator C
ANTWELL was out 
here earlier today raising this issue, highlighting this issue, pointing out how unfair and unjust it is that the Ca-nadians escape their responsibility to pay and that it is just another give-away to the oil industry that ensures this is nothing more than a giveaway to those Canadian companies. 
I say this on a day when it is being 
reported there are now 140,000 people in America employed in the solar indus-try—140,000. There is another 50,000 em-ployed in the wind industry—nearly 200,000 people employed in industries that, for the most part, didn’t really even exist in a meaningful way 7 years ago. That is how quickly our own do-mestic wind and solar industries have been developed—creating jobs here in the United States, creating growth here in the United States, creating op-portunity here in the United States. 
So this, colleagues, is really what we 
should be debating. But once again, when the Republicans are in control, we do not debate all of the above. We don’t debate wind and solar and bio-mass and energy efficiency and oil and gas and nuclear. The Republicans al-ways make it one subject, and that is oil above all, not all of the above. 
So I am looking forward to this de-
bate. It goes right to the heart of the security of our country, the economy of our country, and the environment of our country. This is the dirtiest oil in the world. This oil is going to con-tribute dangerously to the warming of the planet. Last year—2014—was the single warmest year ever recorded in the history of the planet—2014. You don’t have to be Dick Tracy to figure out this is a problem that we are pass-ing on to the next generations without the debate this issue must have if we are going to discharge our responsibil-ities to those next generations. 
The Keystone Pipeline is the central 
opportunity we are going to have to raise this issue of global warming, of the national security of our country, of making our economy stronger, and of 
ensuring we discharge our responsi-bility to the next generation. 
Madam President, I yield the floor, 
and I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, climate 
change is one of the greatest chal-lenges of this century. We have a pro-found choice before us. We can deny that our climate is warming, we can fall behind our economic competitors, we can ignore the danger to our planet and to our security—that is one choice—or we can move forward with the diversified energy portfolio that in-cludes clean energy, with an energy policy that makes sense, that creates jobs, that protects the environment, and that will keep our Nation strong. 
There is a lot of work to be done. We 
can work together, we can find com-mon ground, become energy inde-pendent, move us on a path to energy independence, grow our economy, and fight climate change. But instead, un-fortunately, our focus today is on the Keystone XL Pipeline. The new major-ity has not chosen to start with energy policy as a whole or innovation or manufacturing policy or our response to climate change. Instead, we are de-bating on the floor of the Senate just one pipeline project, which primarily benefits another Nation. 
There is really one basic question. Is 
the Keystone Pipeline in our Nation’s interest—not Canada’s interest or Wall Street’s interest but our Nation’s in-terest. I do not believe it is. I say this for two reasons. First, we are being asked to do something I believe is un-precedented—for Congress to step in and promote a bill for one private-sec-tor energy project, to wave ahead a pri-vate pipeline for a private foreign com-pany so that Canadian oil can be piped to Texas for export to other nations. Again, how does this serve our Nation? 
We are told it is about jobs. Keystone 
will create jobs, and, of course, we are all for that. But how many jobs? About 3,900 temporary construction jobs. But how many permanent jobs—jobs that American families can count on for years to come? Maybe about 50. Yet with all the challenges we face, at home and abroad, this is the priority. This is priority No. 1 for the new Re-publican Congress. This is one choice. It is the wrong choice and the wrong priority. 
This brings me to my second point. 
We are at a crossroads in our energy policy. We can still lead the world in clean energy production—wind, solar, advanced biofuels—to reduce global warming pollution, to become energy independent, and to create permanent American jobs. That is our future. 
That should be our priority. 
New Mexicans are already seeing the 
impact of global warming. The South-west is at the eye of the storm, with historic drought, with severe flooding when it does rain, and with more and more wildfires. I talk to farmers and ranchers in my State, and they are struggling. According to a study at Los 
Alamos National Laboratory, by 2050— not far away—we may not have any forests left in my State. It will be as if New Mexico were dragged 300 miles to the south. Our climate will resemble land that is now in the middle of the Chihuahuan Desert. 
I am not a scientist; neither are my 
colleagues. But the experts at Los Ala-mos National Laboratory and sci-entists all over the world are clear: If we do nothing, it will only get worse. We are already seeing the impact. Re-cently the Government Accountability Office issued a warning: Climate change will continue to increase costs to taxpayers for the Federal Flood and Crop Insurance Programs. FEMA is al-ready $24 billion in debt due to extreme weather events such as Hurricane Sandy and last year’s floods in New Mexico. The cost of the Federal Crop Insurance Program has increased 68 percent just since 2007. If left un-checked, these costs will continue to skyrocket. 
But this is more than numbers, dis-
turbing as they are. This is the burden of climate change on farmers, ranchers, and our communities. The damage is real. The threat is here. But so are the solutions and the opportunities, and there are many opportunities. With the right priorities, we can encourage the production of clean energy. We can cre-ate a clean energy economy that leads the world. We can create the jobs of the future right here at home and revi-talize rural America. 
I have long said we need a ‘‘do it all 
and do it right’’ energy policy. That in-cludes traditional energy sources. Oil and gas play an important role in my State. New Mexico is a leading pro-ducer of both oil and gas. We have strong, independent companies. They employ over 12,000 New Mexicans. They help pay for our schools and our other public services. They are an important part of the mix, and so are renewables such as wind and solar. The United States has incredible wind energy po-tential, enough to power the Nation 10 times over. New Mexico has some of the best wind resources in the Nation, enough to meet more than 73 times the State’s current electricity needs. Wind power emits almost no carbon pollu-tion. It uses virtually no water. It al-ready saves folks in my State 470 mil-lion gallons of water a year. The U.S. solar industry employs more than 143,000 Americans—more than coal and natural gas combined. Solar jobs grew 10 times faster than the national aver-age. The majority are in installation, sales, and distribution. Those are well- paying local jobs. Those are permanent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jan 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.004 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S226 January 16, 2015 
jobs, and they won’t be shipped over-
seas. 
Now is the time to build on the mo-
mentum and invest in a clean energy economy. Now is the time to create en-ergy at home and jobs at home. Now. Not later. And we need to do it before we lose too much of the market to our overseas competitors in Germany, China, and elsewhere. They can see the future too, and they are going after it. 
A national renewable electricity 
standard would help us get there. The proposal I have introduced for many years would require utilities to gen-erate 25 percent of electricity from re-newable sources by 2025. New Mexico and over half the States already have one. The States are moving in that di-rection. The Nation needs to move in that direction. We need a national standard. Experts have said a national standard could create 300,000 new jobs. I have pushed for this ever since I came to Congress. The House of Representa-tives has passed it. The Senate has passed a version of this three times. We have to get it right. We have to do this. Let’s get it done. 
America can lead the world in a clean 
energy economy. We have the tech-nology, and we have the resources. We just need the commitment and the co-operation. 
This is a new Congress. Let’s find 
common ground where we can move forward. Just as we invested in the oil industry, we need to invest in wind, solar, and biofuels. We should support 
tax credits for renewables. We should encourage important cutting-edge en-ergy research at great institutions such as Sandia and Los Alamos Na-tional Laboratories. What we don’t need is Congress simply acting as a permitting agency for a Canadian pipe-line. 
I understand the frustration that this 
project has been pending for so long. I believe the President should make a decision now. The necessary studies have been done. The recent litigation is over. We have debated this project ex-tensively in this Congress and in sev-eral elections. If the President decides to approve it without some strong con-ditions that mitigate its climate im-pact, I will be very disappointed. If the President rejects it, the supporters can raise this issue in the next election. But Congress should move on to real, pressing policy debates. 
Let’s get our heads out of the tar 
sands and work together for our econ-omy, for our energy independence, and for our future. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, it 
is good to be here on the Senate floor talking about where we are in the proc-
ess to hopefully finally move toward approval of a permit to allow for con-struction of the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
It has been interesting—the past cou-
ple speakers this morning have all mentioned that they don’t understand why the first order of business in this new Congress should be this measure, that there are a lot of issues out there. And there certainly are. There will al-ways be issues in the Senate. This is what we do. These are all weighty issues. But I would remind my col-leagues that one of the reasons we are moving early to the Keystone XL Pipe-line legislation is because in many ways this is a bit of unfinished busi-ness. 
It was just 6 weeks or so ago that we 
had this measure before us on the floor of the Senate. It was before this body for debate—a good debate—led by our former colleague from Louisiana who was absolutely passionate—absolutely passionate—in her defense of why this was timely, important, critical that this measure be approved. We had that debate, and unfortunately in the final vote we were shy one vote and so we did not see passage. It was a measure that was in front of us because it was timely and also because of the work this body had done to advance it. The energy committee had hearings, proc-ess, and we had a bill in front of us. 
It is the first week of this session, 
and we have a lot of measures that we will be taking up that are extremely important, but they are perhaps not as primed, if you will, for action on the Senate floor because that legislation hasn’t been drafted. The committees have not met to work through some of the legislation that will be before us. 
So why not move to advance the Key-
stone XL Pipeline, a measure that will provide for good-paying jobs in this country; a measure that will work to enhance that relationship with our closest friend and ally to the north, Canada; a measure that will help us from an energy security perspective when we are able to displace oil coming in from places such as Venezuela with oil coming in from Canada. That is a relationship that this Senator would much rather enhance and further. 
So for a host of different reasons we 
are on this measure in the second week of this new Congress. I am pleased we are at this place where when we reached unanimous consent earlier to proceed to consideration of amend-ments on this bipartisan bill. It has been interesting. As I have talked to not only colleagues but reporters out in the hallways—just people having conversations—and there was a fair amount of skepticism that if Repub-licans were to regain the majority, would we return the Senate to what we know as regular order, where there is a processing of amendments and a reg-ular committee process, but that is what we are doing, folks. Those who are observing what is going on, begin-ning today, are seeing something that hasn’t been seen around here in a num-
ber of years. It was unfortunate that we hadn’t had that process, but it is never too late to do the right thing. It is never too late to get back to a delib-erative process that allows for the open exchange and consideration of ideas on the floor. 
When we talk about an open amend-
ment process, clearly it is not just open for amendments for those of us on this side of the aisle. It is an open amendment process for the full Senate so Members on both sides can offer their ideas and work to get votes on them. The majority leader has said sev-eral times that this process is going to be open, but it is not going to be open- ended. We are not going to be on this measure for a full year or even a full month, but we will be taking the time to do the deliberation that I think is important. I think you have already got some people saying: Oh, we are spending enough time on it. It is a mixed message with those saying it is not timely, we shouldn’t be taking it up, and then others complaining that we have been on it now since last week. I think it is important for Members to know we are expecting to see amend-ments filed. We are expecting to see Members come to the floor to call up amendments. I would encourage Mem-bers not to wait until the last minute because to use the majority leader’s words, this is not going to be open- ended. So let’s get to our business and let’s get it done. 
We have three amendments that are 
currently pending before the body. Be-fore I speak to each of those, I would like to very briefly address my support for the underlying bill from the per-spective of Alaska and being one who is immersed in Alaska’s energy process and politics. 
I heard from more than a couple of 
folks back home who have seen the de-bate and discussion playing out, wheth-er it is on C–SPAN or in the media, and I have been asked: We understand Key-stone is in the national interest. We get that. But is it truly in Alaska’s best interest? Folks back home are a little worried right now. We are seeing the price for oil sink to lows we have not seen in years, sitting around $46 a barrel today. It has certainly had an impact on our State’s budget—dra-matically so. It is not just Alaska, I think we are seeing it in other oil-pro-ducing States. It is good news to have lower oil prices, but it is kind of a dou-ble-edged sword for some. 
The questions that are being asked at 
home are legitimate, fair, and very im-portant questions such as: OK. How does this fit in with the Alaska piece? 
We certainly have large-scale infra-
structure projects, particularly energy projects of a serious magnitude. 
We have a world-class oilfield in 
Prudhoe Bay and the connector that the Trans-Alaska Pipeline provides from Prudhoe Bay down to tidewater in Valdez, an 800-mile silver ribbon that bisects our State, is truly a modern 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jan 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.006 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S227 January 16, 2015 
marvel. A State can have the resource, 
but if they don’t have the infrastruc-ture to move the resource it doesn’t do them much good. It doesn’t help their economy and it doesn’t help fund edu-cation if they cannot move it to mar-ket. 
As I mentioned, Alaskans are a little 
nervous right now. A New York Times article recently described what is hap-pening in Alaska. The journalist de-scribed it as economic anxiety hanging over the State because of the drop in the price per barrel of oil. When a State relies on oil for about 90 percent of its revenues to fund its budget and the price drops dramatically, they no-tice it. 
One way to deal with the variations 
and variables in price is to have suffi-cient production. Alaska is suffering from this economic anxiety because our oil production, which was over 2 million barrels a day, has dropped pre-cipitously over the past couple decades. We are now talking about an oil pipe-line that is less than half full. What does that mean to a State such as Alas-ka when the artery for the State’s rev-enues is not pumping at an optimum level? We are in that place right now. As a State we are looking at what can we do to make a difference when it comes to production because there will be price variables. As long as OPEC is in play there will be price variables we are not able to affect as much as we would like. 
We have the resource. We have an es-
timated 40 billion barrels of oil in our Federal areas, offshore in the Chukchi and Beaufort, on our coastal plain within the NPRA. We are not looking at a situation in Alaska where we are running out of oil or about to run out of oil. Our problem straight up is our limited ability to be able to access it. The holdback we get, the pushback we get from our own Federal Government, the policies that keep us from being able to access that resource has been our challenge. 
Now back to the Keystone XL Pipe-
line. The Keystone Pipeline is not going to be carrying any Alaskan crude. Don’t get a mixed message. We have a pipeline. We have already built it. It is waiting to be filled back up. The need isn’t infrastructure in Alaska but permission—consent from the Fed-eral Government to access our lands, access our waters to achieve that en-ergy potential. 
When I am talking to Alaskans about 
the imperative for Keystone and how it intersects with Alaska, there are a cou-ple of messages. The first one is simple. There is plenty of demand within just the United States for all the oil Canada and Alaska can produce at the same time. The demand is there, even with the surge we have seen coming out of the Bakken and the amount of in-creased production we have seen do-mestically in this country. We are con-tinuing to import that oil. Again, it is better for us to rely more on ourselves. The world view that supports the con-struction of Keystone XL is the same 
one that leads to new production in my State of Alaska; that is, the recogni-tion that affordable energy is good. This is my mantra. I keep advertising it. I have a bumper sticker that says ‘‘energy is good.’’ Affordable energy is good. The understanding is that low prices result when world markets are well supplied along with the desire to achieve North American energy inde-pendence. This is something I feel very strongly about. 
Approving the Keystone XL Pipeline 
is not going to eat into the markets for Alaska’s oil. This is an important mes-sage for Alaskans to understand. In fact, it is going to help us preserve the markets we have because right now our North Slope crude is shipped predomi-nantly to the west coast—makes sense, it is in closer proximity—where it is re-fined into gasoline and other petroleum products for use in the lower 48. 
We take it down our 800-mile pipe-
line, put it to tidewater, and it is re-fined on the west coast. We enjoy the benefit of it here. But this ANS crude— Alaskan North Slope crude—as we call it, is now finding itself in competition from the shale plays out of the Bakken. So what we are seeing is, without a Keystone XL Pipeline oil, the oil that is being produced out of the Bakken is finding a home some-where. It is not just sitting there. It is being moved. 
Where is it being moved to? It is 
being moved to refineries that have ca-pacity. It is going west. It is going west to those west coast refineries that are used to getting Alaska crude. Keep in mind that as it moves west, if we don’t have the pipeline, how is it moving there? How are we moving it? We are moving it by rail, predominantly. 
Again, we will have that discussion 
about the environmental impacts of rail or truck versus a pipeline and the safety and emissions issues. If you want a cleaner way to transport oil, it will be in a pipeline. If you want a safer way to transport oil, it will be in a pipeline. We have had this discussion in the past—and again, so Alaskans un-derstand—and the Keystone XL Pipe-line will benefit us in terms of being able to continue to send our crude to those west coast refineries. 
We have heard—I believe repeatedly 
and incorrectly—that the Keystone XL Pipeline is a foreign project that is going to carry Canadian oil to the gulf coast. We know where the name Trans-Canada derives from. We know that much of the oil to be transported will be from Alberta, but I think it is im-portant to acknowledge that we have about 100,000 barrels of Bakken crude that will come from North Dakota and Montana and down through the midcontinent. If we have the Keystone XL Pipeline constructed, it will avoid the west coast. 
The last point I will make for the 
folks back home, for whom I work and who are following this issue, is that I really think the Keystone XL Pipeline is a test for us. It is a test of whether 
we as a nation can still review, license, permit, and build a large-scale energy infrastructure project. We are looking at that in Alaska. We need to know that can continue to be done in this country, because if we cannot do it even here in the lower 48, where the costs are lower and there is an existing 
infrastructure that you tie into, which the Keystone XL will—you have the southern leg already completed—if we can’t demonstrate that we can get be-yond the process of permitting a leg of this pipeline over the Canadian border and into the United States, what con-fidence do we have that we are going to be able to do other big energy infra-structure projects? That worries me a great deal. 
When people say that we are rushing 
this too quickly or that it is premature or that we need to let everything play out, I think we need to remind our-selves that 6 years is a pretty long time to play something out. Most com-panies don’t have the wherewithal to wait something out over the course of 6 years because the cost of con-structing this pipeline has not gone down during this intervening time pe-riod. If anything, the costs are going up. We know the costs are going up. We are working on the Keystone XL Pipe-line right now, but it is just the first step of many I believe we need to take and to do in order to improve our en-ergy policies. 
I will be continuing my conversation 
with Members to explain how my State has an awful lot to offer our country— whether it is increasing the flow of oil in our Trans-Alaska Pipeline or getting production up so we are not half full and instead are full, so we can share that resource with people throughout the country. As we look to move our natural gas—our amazing quantities of natural gas—that massive infrastruc-ture project is a way in which we can work to advance that resource. 
Alaska has so much to offer the 
country, but we need to have the chance and the opportunity to do so. Our pipeline up north is already built. It was completed just after I got out of high school. In fact, I was privileged to have the opportunity to work up in Prudhoe Bay at that time and saw what actually happened out there in the oil fields. It has operated success-fully, safely, and efficiently for dec-ades. It has far surpassed what we be-lieved we would be able to ship through that line, but it remains surrounded by billions and billions of untapped oil that can be brought to market, which would then bring in jobs, generate rev-enue, and keep prices as low as pos-sible, and increase our security. We all want that. 
This is a conversation that will con-
tinue until the conditions of Alaska’s Statehood—those promises that were made to us back in 1959 when we be-came a State—are fulfilled and we are allowed to produce our resources as a State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jan 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.013 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S228 January 16, 2015 
So watching what is going on with 
Keystone is something that is of great interest to the folks back home. We will continue to watch it and hopefully 
be encouraged that we do the right thing from a jobs perspective, from a revenue perspective, from an economic perspective, and an energy-security perspective. 
We have three amendments which are 
pending. I was privileged to be sitting in the Chair a little while ago when the junior Senator from Massachusetts spoke about his amendment. His amendment relates to exports from the Keystone XL Pipeline. My colleague from Massachusetts is not from a big oil-producing State, as I am. 
I believe it is fair to say that his 
State cares a lot about the cost of en-ergy. They have cold winters, infra-structure challenges, and other issues as it relates to energy, and I appreciate that. But it is important to understand what my colleague’s amendment would do. It would specifically prohibit the export of oil that is brought into the United States through the Keystone XL Pipeline, as well as the export of the finished products made from that oil. It is not just the raw crude that is put into the line. It is what goes down to the refineries in the gulf coast and is then refined into products—whether it is diesel or some other product. It is saying that the export of that should be prohibited. 
Basically, his amendment is a full- 
on, flat-out statement saying that you can’t have any aspect of it—any drop of that—leave this country. It essentially says that all of this—every ounce of this new Canadian resource—will be brought into this United States and will stay here. 
My colleague has raised the concern 
that the United States should not be that passthrough entity. He used the terminology that it is similar to a straw from Canada down to the gulf, and then it goes out the back end from there. The President, in a comment, used the term conveyor belt and that the United States should not be that conveyor belt. The argument is that we should not just be a passthrough where Americans get none of the benefits. Well, if we didn’t get any of the bene-fits, I think we should be talking about that. 
It is important to know this is not 
the first time we have had this discus-sion or this idea in front of us. Back in early 2012, it was part of an amendment that came before the floor. It was de-feated 33 to 65. We had many of our Democratic colleagues join with all of the Republicans to reject a statutory ban on exports. 
I am hopeful this amendment that 
has been offered and is pending will see the same fate and ultimately be de-feated by at least the same margin. I say that because I think it continues to be unnecessary, and I strongly be-lieve it takes our export policies in the wrong direction. 
This is not just L
ISAMURKOWSKI say-
ing this takes us the wrong way. The Department of Energy has looked criti-
cally at the issue of the Keystone XL oil being exported and whether or not that makes sense. In their analysis— and they state it pretty succinctly— they say: Without a surplus of heavy oil in PADD 3—that is the gulf coast area—there would be no economic in-centive to ship Canadian oil sands to Asia via Port Arthur, which is where it is coming out of. 
The Department of Energy’s conclu-
sion—they had a pretty broad discus-sion about it. But their conclusion was then reinforced by the State Depart-ment in its final supplemental EIS for Keystone, which is a document that ev-erybody should read—granted that it is 1,000 pages long, or thereabouts, but there is a summary that helps to con-dense so much of it. In the State De-partment’s final EIS, they say that ‘‘such an option’’—that being export— ‘‘such an option appears unlikely to be economically justified for any signifi-cant durable trade given transport costs and market conditions.’’ Think about that. I believe these conclusions make some pretty good sense here. 
The purpose of the Keystone XL 
Pipeline is to bring Canadian and American oil—let’s not forget the 100,000 barrels coming out of Montana and North Dakota—to the gulf coast. It does not make any sense to bring oil all the way—850 miles—to refineries that can refine it—remember, these re-fineries in the gulf coast are set up to deal with exactly this type of oil. So we have the line that brings it from the north to the south where you have re-fineries that are able to handle this. So tell me why it would make sense to just use this pipeline as a pass-through—as a conveyor belt or straw— and then ship it to refineries around the world that will add that transport cost to it. As the State Department EIS said, it would not be economically justified. 
It is important to understand, again, 
what is going on down there in the re-fineries in gulf coast, and the State De-partment looked at that. What they found was that the traditional sources of heavy oil used on the gulf coast are declining. Why are they declining? What we traditionally see coming in as imports there—coming in from Ven-ezuela and Mexico—has been drawn down or lessened, if you will, for a host of different reasons, but not the least of which is because we are producing more here in the lower 48 States in the Bakken. 
We have talked a lot about the mis-
alignment that is going on within our refineries and what is being produced and what we are capable of refining. But again, what we are seeing in the gulf coast is an ability to take on more capacity for this heavy oil. The oppor-tunity to refine the product that is coming out of Canada there in the gulf coast refineries is real. It is there. 
Now, I think it is important to be 
honest here. I don’t want to be written up in somebody’s fact checker. Believe me, we looked at that. There are small 
amounts of oil from Keystone XL that could be reexported as a matter of eco-nomic efficiency, but that should not give anyone a reason to panic or get everybody all excited. It may come as a surprise to some, but the reexport of Canadian oil that is not commingled with the domestic crude is already completely legal. It is already a rou-tine matter where the Commerce De-partment just routinely signs off on it. This is no big deal. There is no change in policy that is dramatic. 
The Obama administration has al-
ready approved dozens of licenses to re-export crude oil all across the world. 
I think it is important to recognize 
that this amendment offered by my colleague from Massachusetts would not just block the export of the crude, it would block the export of finished products. As he said, it would be every-thing. It would be the crude, and it would be everything that is then pro-duced. Every bit we have he would have stay here. But blocking the export of finished products would be a reversal of existing law and current practices. And think about it—just from a practical perspective, how do we enforce this? How would we realistically enforce this measure of diesel that came from this refinery, from this pipeline here in the lower 48—that we can go ahead and ex-port—and this is what we do. It is not any great state secret. We move our re-fined products, and we do so in a sig-nificant way to the benefit of our Na-tion. So how do we fence off everything that comes out of Keystone XL and say: The refined product from this par-ticular pipeline can’t move outside this country. It creates potential havoc, and maybe that is the point. 
I think the Senate should recognize 
that this amendment is not going to improve this bill. I don’t think it will change anybody’s mind. I don’t think it is going to bring new support. I think it is meant to kind of poison the well and perhaps ensure that this pipe-line will never be built and that it can’t operate. 
I encourage my colleagues to look at 
a couple different documents. I men-tioned the final supplemental environ-mental impact statement the State De-partment did. It is an important read for the critical analysis that went into it. I have cited those areas where they speak specifically to the impact of the export. There are others who have re-viewed not only that but other docu-ments, other outside facts. 
I mentioned that President Obama 
had made reference to the conveyor belt theory or tagging Keystone XL as being a conveyor belt for the oil. He made that statement when he was in Burma in November. His specific words were that it would provide ‘‘the ability of Canada to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold everywhere else.’’ 
So the fact checkers got on President 
Obama for that and did a pretty good analysis. I felt it was a pretty good 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:33 Jan 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.015 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S229 January 16, 2015 
analysis. They laid it out in clear 
English and ultimately decided that the President was going to be awarded three Pinocchios for that statement. For those who aren’t familiar, if a per-son makes a significant factual error or obvious contradiction, they get three Pinocchios. 
But it wasn’t just the Washington 
Post and Glen Kessler who did this as-sessment. We also had another fact check come out of PolitiFact, and they also rated that statement mostly false on their Truth-O-Meter. 
I ask unanimous consent that both of 
these fact checks be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, Nov. 20, 2014] 
OBAMA ’SCLAIM THAT KEYSTONE XL C RUDE  
WOULD GO‘EVERYWHERE ELSE’ BUT THE  
UNITED STATES  
(By Glenn Kessler) 
‘‘I won’t hide my opinion about this, which 
is that one major determinant of whether we should approve a pipeline shipping Canadian oil to world markets, not to the United States, is does it contribute to the green-house gases that are causing climate change?’’—President Obama, news con-ference at G20 summit, Brisbane, Australia, Nov. 16, 2014. 
‘‘Understand what this project is. It is pro-
viding the ability of Canada to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold everywhere else.’’—Obama, news conference, Rangoon, 
Burma, Nov. 14. 
Twice during his recent overseas trip, 
President Obama asserted that the proposed Keystone XL pipeline was designed to take Canadian crude oil to the world markets. The implication of the president’s words is that the United States would be simply a conveyor belt for the oil. 
The pipeline would allow the Canadians 
‘‘to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold every-where else,’’ the president said in Burma. The question he faced, he said in Australia, is whether ‘‘we should approve a pipeline shipping Canadian oil to world markets, not to the United States.’’ 
The White House did not provide an on- 
the-record comment. 
Update: The Natural Resources Defense 
Council, in a response to this column, said we were relying on ‘‘outdated’’ information. It noted that in recent months there has been a jump in unrefined crude oil exports from the Gulf Coast, contradicting the con-clusions of the State Department. ‘‘Data from the Gulf Coast today show that some of the tar sands from Keystone XL will be ex-ported internationally before it sees a U.S. refinery,’’ the NRDC said. ‘‘some’’ at the mo-ment amounts to about 200,000 barrels a day; for reference, a supertanker carries 2 million barrels. We did adjust some of the language concerning exports in response to the NRDC critique. 
THE PINOCCHIO TEST  
The president seriously overstates the per-
centage of Canadian crude that might be ex-ported if the Keystone XL pipeline is built. He suggests all of it would be exported, with-out mentioning that it first would almost certainly stop on the Gulf Coast to be refined into products. On top of that, current trends suggest that about half of that refined prod-uct would be exported. That is not insub-stantial, but it is certainly much smaller than 100 percent. All of this is laid out in the extensive re-
port issued by the State of Department ear-lier this year. The president might want to study it before he addresses the Keystone question again. In the meantime, he earns Three Pinocchios. We nearly made it Four Pinocchios, but it is correct that at least some of the product would be exported, based on current market conditions. 
THREE PINOCCHIOS  
Is this really the case? 
THE FACTS  
First of all, the president leaves out a very 
important step. The crude oil would travel to the Gulf Coast, where it would be refined into products such as motor gasoline and diesel fuel (known as a distillate fuel in the trade). As our colleague Steven Mufson re-ported more than two years ago, the refin-eries on the Gulf Coast are ‘‘eagerly wait-ing’’ for the Canadian crude, since there isn’t enough oil in the area anymore to feed the refineries. 
‘‘The modernized Valero refinery [in Port 
Arthur, Tex.] can turn 310,000 barrels a day of some of the world’s worst quality crude oil—such as the bitumen-laden mixture from Canadian oil sands—into gasoline and diesel fuel for cars and trucks,’’ Mufson wrote. ‘‘Valero, the largest U.S. oil refining com-pany, would be one of the biggest customers of oil from the Keystone XL pipeline, buying about 150,000 barrels a day.’’ 
Indeed, the State Department’s final envi-
ronmental impact statement on the Key-stone XL project specifically disputed claims that the oil ‘‘would pass through the United States and be loaded onto vessels for ulti-mate sale in markets such as Asia,’’ saying it was not economically justified. The State Department noted that the traditional sources of crude for the Gulf Coast, such as Mexico and Venezuela, are declining, and so refineries would have ‘‘significant incentive to obtain heavy crude from the oil sands.’’ 
So then the question turns on what hap-
pens to that oil after it leaves the refinery. Oil is a global commodity, of course, and where it travels often depends on market conditions. In Obama’s telling, however, the refined Canadian oil goes ‘‘everywhere else’’ and ‘‘not to the United States.’’ 
But that’s not right either, according to 
the State Department report. U.S. exports are not affected by various pipeline scenarios but instead by market conditions, such as ‘‘domestic demand versus domestic refining capacity, the cost of natural gas, and refin-ing capacity abroad, including in foreign markets currently importing U.S. refined products such as Mexico, Brazil, Chile, and Europe,’’ the report said. The demand for ex-ports, in other words, is completely unre-lated to building the Keystone XL pipeline. 
For the sake of argument, let’s look at the 
percentage of exports currently from the Gulf Coast area, using data for refining out-put and product exports from the Energy In-formation Administration. Depending on how you crunch the numbers, the percentage of exports for finished products ranges be-tween 35 percent and 50 percent. The State Department pegged the rate of exports at just over 50 percent, noting that ‘‘this in-creased volume of refined products is being exported by refiners as they respond to lower domestic gasoline demand and continued higher demand and prices in overseas mar-kets.’’ 
In other words, at least half of the oil that 
is refined on the Gulf Coast stays in the United States. Market conditions could change, of course, but there is little basis to claim that virtually all of the product would be exported. (The Fact Checker has pre-viously noted that, contrary to the claims of advocates of the project, Keystone XL is un-likely to have much impact on gasoline 
prices.) 
Opponents of the Keystone project have 
seized on slides, such as the one below from one of Valero’s presentations to investors, to suggest the plan ultimately is to export the production from Canadian oil sands. 
But Bill Day, a spokesman for Valero, says 
‘‘it’s a mistake to interpret this to mean that Gulf Coast products would ONLY go to export markets.’’ The slide is simply show-ing the flow of trade, from various refineries; diesel currently is more popular in Europe while gasoline is king in the United States, though demand for diesel is growing in both markets. Day noted that currently the vast majority of the company’s products stay in the United States for domestic consumption. 
[From PolitiFact, Nov. 20, 2014] 
OBAMA SAYSKEYSTONE XL IS FOR EXPORTING  
OILOUTSIDE THE U.S., E XPERTS DISAGREE  
(By Lauren Carroll) 
President Barack Obama and many other 
Democrats think there’s little to be gained by building the Keystone XL pipeline. 
On Nov. 18, Senate Democrats voted down 
a proposal to build the oil pipeline—which would stretch from Canada to Steele City, Neb., where it would connect with an exist-ing pipeline that goes to Texas’ coast. But the issue isn’t going anywhere. When the new Republican-led Senate takes over in January, it will likely be at the top of their priorities list. 
Obama and other Keystone critics have ar-
gued that the pipeline would have a negative environmental impact, while having little benefit for the United States. For example, constructing the pipeline would result in few permanent American jobs. 
‘‘Understand what this project is,’’ Obama 
said at a Nov. 14 press conference in Burma. ‘‘It is providing the ability of Canada to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold every-where else. That doesn’t have an impact on U.S. gas prices.’’ 
Two days later, in Brisbane, Australia, 
Obama described Keystone XL as ‘‘a pipeline shipping Canadian oil to world markets, not to the United States.’’ 
Predicting the effect of the pipeline on gas 
prices is a little tricky. Experts tend to agree that it could impact gas prices, but the effect would be indirect and minimal. But in this fact check, we’re going to focus on the export question—whether or not, as Obama said, Keystone XL’s primary destination is beyond the United States. 
We found that Obama’s off the mark. 
CRUDE OIL  
In recent years, the United States has be-
come a net-exporter of refined oil products, like gasoline, jet fuel and asphalt (meaning it exports more products than it imports), according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. However, it is a net-im-porter of the crude oil it uses to make those products. 
Keystone XL would transport crude oil 
from Canada’s tar sands through the Mid-western United States down to the Gulf Coast, and there are refineries all along the proposed route. 
America gets more crude oil from Canada 
than any other country. Nearly all of Can-ada’s exports go to the United States, and this accounts for about a third of America’s total crude oil imports. Much of its oil al-ready makes it to the United States by rail and existing pipelines. 
We asked several energy economics ex-
perts, and they believe that quite a bit—if not most—of the Keystone XL crude oil will be bought and used by American refineries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.016 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S230 January 16, 2015 
‘‘It’s difficult to say with any certainty, 
but it is most likely that most would be re-fined in the U.S.,’’ said Kenneth Medlock, an expert in energy economics at Rice Univer-sity in Texas. 
A recent State Department report argues 
that it would not be ‘‘economically justi-fied’’ for Canada to primarily export its Key-stone XL oil to countries other than the United States, when there are plenty of American refineries to consume it. 
Some independent refineries—particularly 
those in the upper Midwest, but also in Texas—are in desperate need of crude oil, said Charles Ebinger, a senior fellow in en-ergy security at the Brookings Institution. Currently, the refineries have to import crude from places like Venezuela and Mex-ico—though it would be cheaper and better for overall energy security to buy from a North American source, rather than pay high transport costs. 
On Nov. 17, TransCanada told Reuters, it 
‘‘makes no business sense for our customers to transport oil down to the U.S. Gulf Coast, pay to export it overseas but then pay to transport millions of barrels of higher-priced oil back to the U.S. refineries to create the products we rely on.’’ 
Ebinger added that many American refin-
eries are geared to use heavy crude, which is what Keystone would transport from Can-ada’s tar sands. 
There would, though, likely be oil coming 
through the Keystone XL pipeline in excess of what the American refineries would be able to use, noted Eric Smith, an energy economist at Tulane University. This excess oil could go to other countries capable of re-fining it. Still, most Keystone oil would stay in North America. 
REFINED PRODUCTS  
Some Keystone XL critics have focused on 
the fact that American refineries could ex-port some of the products they make with the Canadian crude oil, such as gasoline, die-sel fuel or asphalt. They argue that because products made in the United States, using Keystone XL oil, will leave the country, the pipeline wouldn’t improve domestic energy security or independence. 
Anti-Keystone XL environmental group 
Tar Sands Action (part of the larger 350.org) said in a Keystone XL fact sheet, that Amer-ican refineries will process the oil but, ‘‘much of the fuel refined from the pipeline’s heavy crude oil will never reach U.S. drivers’ tanks.’’ 
However, American oil refineries’ product 
exports are ‘‘not sensitive’’ to the addition of a new pipeline, the State Department study says. Export trends are more dependent on demand—both domestically and abroad—as well as the cost of natural gas and foreign re-fining capacity. American oil refineries are already increasing their exports, and that trend could continue independent of Key-stone XL. 
‘‘Refined product export levels have al-
ready increased and some of the crude used is from foreign sources,’’ the report says. ‘‘As this may already be occurring, it may continue with or without (Keystone XL).’’ 
Further, the report says, ‘‘The economic 
viability of exports does increase the demand for crudes in the United States,’’ but, ‘‘this demand does not depend on the proposed project.’’ 
Even if exports are increasing, the major-
ity of oil products refined in the United States stay in the United States. For exam-ple, in 2013, Gulf Coast area refineries pro-duced about 946,000 barrels of finished motor gasoline per day. They exported about one- third of that—323,000 barrels per day. 
In January, Our friends at the Washington 
Post’s Fact Checker looked at an ad by lib-eral PAC NextGen Climate that said, 
‘‘(China is) counting on the U.S. to approve TransCanada’s pipeline to ship oil through America’s heartland and out to foreign coun-tries like theirs.’’ A spokesman for NextGen told Fact Checker that they were referring to refined product exports, rather than crude oil. Fact Checker gave the ad its lowest rat-ing of Four Pinocchios. 
Even if Keystone XL isn’t built, experts 
said Canada will find other ways to transport their oil to the United States. Canada al-ready sends crude from the oil sands into the United States by rail and other pipelines. 
‘‘I have no doubt that Canada will develop 
alternate means of monetizing its crude oil, whether that be via expanded rail shipments or by building pipelines to one or both of its coasts,’’ Smith said. 
The longer that politicians debate Key-
stone XL, the more time Canada has to fig-ure out these alternate means. 
‘‘Keystone XL is rapidly becoming irrele-
vant,’’ said Michelle Foss, energy economist at the University of Texas’ Bureau of Eco-nomic Geology. 
OUR RULING  
Obama said, Keystone XL allows ‘‘Canada 
to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold every-where else.’’ 
The general consensus among experts, as 
well as the State Department, is that Amer-ican refineries would be the primary buyers of crude oil transported through the Key-stone XL pipeline, by a vast margin. Some Keystone XL critics have a point that Amer-ican refineries would likely export some of the products that they make with crude oil transported by the pipeline. The State De-partment says, however, that product ex-ports are already increasing, and that trend would likely continue independent of a new pipeline. Additionally, American refineries tend to keep more products in the country than they export. 
We rate Obama’s claim Mostly False. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Again, I think it 
is important to have a full under-standing of what we are talking about when we talk about the export of Key-stone XL and the imperative that in order for something to work, as the Senator from Massachusetts has sug-gested that we are just going to have this passthrough, it has to make sense for those who are moving this product. There has to be economic justification at the other end. And what makes sense is to move that product to the gulf coast, where our refineries have the capacity to handle that heavy crude, turn it into product there, and continue to create jobs within that re-gion. 
I am not going to support the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachu-setts, which I think is obvious from my statement, but I believe it is important to give some of the background. I would commend to colleagues some of these articles I have referenced. 
There are two other amendments 
that are pending before us, and I will speak very quickly to the amendment that has been offered by the Senators from Ohio and New Hampshire. They have once again teamed up to offer this bipartisan amendment on energy effi-ciency. They have worked very closely on these issues over the years. We are to the point where we can’t think about energy efficiency without think-ing P
ORTMAN or S HAHEEN , so I com-
mend my colleagues for their diligence. I have been happy to support them in their efforts, and I am happy, quite honestly, that we will have an oppor-tunity to vote on an amendment that does relate to energy efficiency. It is not the full-on energy efficiency bill my colleagues introduced previously, but it is an amendment with text that is identical to the measure that came out of the House, the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act. This is a bill that moved through the House 375 to 36 dur-ing the last Congress, toward the end. We tried to move it through in the Sen-ate, and we came close to advancing it by unanimous consent, but there were still a few outstanding concerns we couldn’t get around, so it is back be-fore us once again. But really nothing has changed since then, and in my view this is a good reason why this proposal is really regarded as important and noncontroversial. It is cost-neutral. It contains four provisions, one of which is extremely time-sensitive. 
Sometimes people don’t want to get 
down into the weeds of certain aspects of what we are dealing with. The time- sensitive provision we are dealing with is these energy efficiency standards re-lated to water heaters where we have a consent decree from back in 2010 that our water heater manufacturers have until April 16 of this year—so actually 3 months from today—to meet these re-vised minimum efficiency standards from DOE. 
The problem we have is that DOE’s 
standards effectively ban production of these grid-enabled water heaters that many of our rural co-ops use for elec-trical thermal storage or demand re-sponse programs. So instead of saving energy, these revised standards now threaten to actually work against these goals. So we have a bizarre, unin-tended consequence in this situation. 
We have been working for a couple of 
years now to address this and to fix it, and now it is urgent. Now we have to deal with it because, again, we are at 3 short months. The manufacturers are worried about what the Congress is going to do. Is it going to be resolved? Should I be building any of these? Thanks to the cooperation of the Sen-ators from Ohio and New Hampshire, we have an opportunity to have this measure in front of us once again. 
There are three other provisions in 
this amendment that are equally non-controversial. They all relate to vol-untary efficiency programs. One fo-cuses on the efficiency of commercial office buildings. Another provides greater information about energy usage in those buildings. The third looks at energy-efficient government technology and practices. 
This is one that I hope we will be 
able to advance without further delay. This is really a commonsense effort to fix a real problem for our rural co-ops. 
More importantly, let’s embrace en-
ergy efficiency around here. We are now involved in the discussion about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.001 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S231 January 16, 2015 
increased production, which is very 
real. I started off my comments by talking about Alaska’s desired con-tribution to the national energy econ-omy, but I view energy from a three- legged stool perspective: We have in-creased production. We have all the technologies that are going to allow us to achieve our potential with our clean and renewable resources, which is hugely important, but we also have the efficiency and the conservation piece. We don’t talk about that enough around here. We need to do more. Sha-heen-Portman is one way to get us there, albeit in a very small way. 
The last amendment we have pending 
is an amendment offered by my col-league from Minnesota on the other side of the aisle, who also serves on the energy committee. He has introduced an amendment that would require that all of the iron, the steel—that all the manufactured goods that are used to construct Keystone XL be produced right here in the United States. 
I think all of us want to do all we 
can, certainly, to encourage more jobs and job creation here in this country and to put in place policies that would allow us to do so. I do appreciate that the Franken amendment inserts lan-guage in the amendment that allows— or I guess it avoids a conflict with our international trade agreements be-cause we know that could have really threatened the bill. It would actually have given the President real reason to threaten to veto this bipartisan bill. But they have addressed that within the amendment. I also appreciate that the amendment allows the President to waive the requirements for American materials based on findings he makes. So that is language which is included in it. 
But I have to tell my colleagues, we 
are sitting here at 2,310 days since the initial cross-border application was submitted for this project. I was re-minded that when the initial applica-tion was first presented, the President was then Senator Obama. That much time has elapsed. So I see this lan-guage, and I think it is included in this amendment in good faith, but I just can’t be convinced that the President would actually exercise this type of a waiver in a timely manner. He cer-tainly hasn’t demonstrated it at any point throughout this whole, long, drawn-out process we have been on with Keystone XL after 6 years. 
So I am going to be opposing this 
amendment for the same reasons I op-posed it when we had it in front of us in 2012. It was included as part of a broader amendment at that time, but it did fall on a pretty strong bipartisan basis. 
These are important issues to be 
thinking about and considering, and I did take good time to review this. Again, I think all of us want to do more to encourage job production, job creation. I buy American and I buy local wherever and whenever I can. I strongly support the use of American materials in American projects, wheth-
er it is in my State or around the coun-try. I know the Presiding Officer prob-ably does as well, as does the Senator from Minnesota. But in considering whether we here in Congress should mandate specific materials for the Keystone XL Pipeline, I have come down on the side that we should not mandate that. 
I think we need to look at several 
things. First off is the commitment that has been made to buy American without any sort of mandate, without any requirement coming out of Con-gress. Fully 75 percent of the pipe from this project is going to come from North America. That is the commit-
ment that has been made, and I under-stand that more than half of that— about 332,000 tons—is going to come from Arkansas alone. 
Again, this is a commitment that has 
been made to ensure that America does derive benefit, that we do see those— direct and indirect—induced jobs. When you make a commitment, you say that we will pledge a full 75 percent of the pipe for the project that is going to come from North America. I think that is important. It was important enough that TransCanada announced this 3 years ago. So this is not just some-thing they have decided in order to help facilitate this—that we are going to say 75 percent. They made this com-mitment a while ago. 
Here in Congress we passed the Buy 
American Act, and that act specifically is applied to projects that are Feder-ally funded. But keep in mind here that when we are talking about Keystone XL, this is a private project. Keystone XL gets no subsidies. It will receive no taxpayer dollars. It will be built to the government’s specifications. We have seen that when you look to that final SEIS, where the additional mitigation measures are required once the permit is approved. It will be built to govern-ment specifications, but I don’t think the government should decide what it is actually built with. We are going to define the parameters in terms of miti-gation, but, again, this is a private project. This receives no Federal funds, and it would be somewhat precedent setting. So I asked the Congressional Research Service to see if they can identify for me any other projects where the Congress has sought to force or direct private parties or a private company to purchase domestic goods and materials—so all of the materials that go into it and not just the steel but everything else in there. They have been looking. They have some pretty sharp folks over there at CRS. So far, they have not been able to come up with an example in our laws. I am con-cerned about this, quite honestly. As much as I support ‘‘Buy American’’ and making sure that we receive the ben-efit of these jobs from creating these products, I am concerned about the Congress’ setting a precedent here. I think it potentially puts us on a pretty slippery slope. If we are going to set the precedent 
here for Keystone XL and say, well, you have to do it for pipelines, why wouldn’t we do it for other energy sources? Is that going to be a require-ment we are going to place on wind turbines? 
I know some of my colleagues are in 
some States where they are manufac-turing good made-in-America wind tur-bines. I am all for that, but is that a policy we are going to take on—where we are going to say, no, it is an impor-tant industry, it is an important sec-tor, and so we are going to require that it all be made in America? If that is the case, why not on our vehicles? Why not everything? 
I worry about that. I worry about the 
precedent. I worry about where we go beyond Keystone XL if that is the re-quirement. I think it is also important to listen to the industry’s perspective on this position. The American Iron and Steel Institute have been a huge supporter of Keystone XL for years now. They have 19 different member companies, major producers such as U.S. Steel. They have 125 associate members. 
On January 8—actually, right after 
we came into session—before this amendment was even filed, the Amer-ican Iron and Steel Institute sent every one of us a Steelgram reiterating their support for Keystone XL, and their let-ter is pretty definite. They are not nuanced about it. They say: 
It is essential that Congress act to ensure 
the approval of the Keystone XL Pipeline without further delay. 
I think we should listen to those 
words. Those words aren’t coming from a TransCanada. They are not coming from an oil company. They are coming from associations and workers around the country who believe earnestly and honestly that construction of this pipe-line will be good for this country and it will be good for these families. So let’s listen to them. Let’s agree that 2,310 days and counting is more than enough time to make a decision. 
We saw the Nebraska Supreme Court 
come out with their determination that the decision that came out of Ne-braska was not unconstitutional. So it clears away that excuse, if you will, or that reason to say we can’t move for-ward. 
There is really nothing holding up a 
decision at this point in time other than the President’s unwillingness to move on this issue. I think if we want to move forward and provide good jobs—and we have had the debate about how many jobs are really created. Is it the 42,100 that the final SEIS states in terms of direct and indirect jobs? 
If you want just to focus on the per-
manent jobs, that is definitely a much lower number—35 to 50 permanent jobs. But you know what. When you build something, there is the opportunity for good, honest work for well-paying jobs for welders, for truck drivers, for oper-ators. People are looking for an oppor-tunity such as this. They want to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.017 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S232 January 16, 2015 
part of building something. I can tell 
you that in Alaska, when we are debat-ing how we are going to move our nat-ural gas to market and how we are going to build this natural gas pipeline that will move this, nobody is saying that we can’t build this because it is only going to provide temporary con-struction jobs. That is not what we are talking about. They know that there is benefit there. They are hoping they are going to be part of that benefit. 
When we talk about where we are 
with some of these amendments com-ing forward, I think it is good to have this debate. I think it is good to have this discussion, whether it is talking about exports, because that is a legiti-
mate part of the discussion, talking about requirements that may be placed on construction. But I think we have to remember we are not the zoning board here in the Senate or in the Congress. This bill doesn’t have anything to do with siting. We are not determining the route. That is what the States do and rightly so. What this 2-page, 400- word bill does is approve the issuance of that permit to allow for construc-tion, but we are not the ones deter-mining that this is the way the line goes. 
I would urge colleagues to look criti-
cally at the language and see exactly what it does. Understand that when we are talking about the benefits and bur-dens of a pipeline, it is true that pipe-lines are not 100 percent fail-safe. Not much that we build is 100 percent fail- safe, but what we try to do at every turn and at every opportunity is to make it as close as possible. But when you look from a safety perspective, from an environmental perspective, the safest and most environmentally sound way to move this oil is in a pipeline. It is not putting it in rail to other parts of the country. It is not putting it on the roads as we are seeing. Those are the options right now. Whether people in this body or across the Chamber here object, Canada is accessing their resource. They are accessing their re-source, and they will move their re-source. Right now the way they are moving it is in a way, quite honestly, that adds to emissions, has greater po-tential for a spill and for an environ-mental incident. So I am looking at it from the perspective that Canada is going to move that. They have made that very clear. 
In fact, there was an article just a 
couple of days now, in the Wall Street Journal—and it is talking about the impact of lower oil prices and the im-pact on what is happening in Canada as an oil producer. Are they slowing down their production in response to lower oil prices? Absolutely not. What we are seeing is almost—I don’t want to de-scribe it as a doubling down because that is an inaccurate phrase—but what we are seeing is continued effort within Canada to access their oil resources. Some of the statements that are made by some of the Canadian oil companies are really quite telling. They say that Canadian Natural is a company that 
will ‘‘ensure the oil sands will continue adding to the global oil glut for a long time to come, regardless of the price of 
crude.’’ They go on to say: ‘‘It’s not well understood just how robust the oil sands are. If you stopped expansion of the oil sands tomorrow, you would have no decline in the production base for decades . . . But few of the largest producers in Canada envision scaling back production at their oil sands oper-ations.’’ 
So what we are seeing is there was 
big investment up front with the oil sands in Canada and accessing a re-source that is plentiful, but if you are to believe some of the statements from these Canadian companies, they are going to continue to produce their re-source, even in the face of what we are seeing—declining world oil prices. 
If Canada is going to continue to 
produce, how is that product going to be moved? I would rather it be moved safely through a pipeline, with fewer emissions through a pipeline, and to a part of the country where we are set up to accommodate that resource in our refineries so that we can refine that product to our benefit. 
To me, that makes sense. So we will 
have good and—excuse the pun—ener-getic debate about amendments in these coming days. I think you can see from my comments we are going to have some amendments that I like and some that I am not supporting. But what I am looking forward to is the fact that we are at a point that we are describing as regular orders. We are going to be voting on amendments, per-haps quite a few, as we move toward the final passage of this bipartisan bill. I look forward to the exchange that we will have. 
I thank you for your attention, and I 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). The Senator from North Da-
kota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I am very pleased to 
join my colleague this morning, the chairman of our energy committee. The Senator from Alaska is doing a fantastic job leading our energy com-mittee. I so appreciate her leadership on the committee, her knowledge of energy. Her words this morning—very well spoken—I think really go to the heart of what we are trying to do with this legislation: not only pass impor-tant energy legislation for the country but have this open process, open dia-logue, have a real energy debate, and not just a debate but give people the opportunity to vote. 
Republican and Democrat alike, we 
are saying, come on down here, bring your amendments, and let’s have a se-rious discussion about energy and about building the energy future of this country. Offer your amendments, make your case, and then let’s vote. If you can get 60 people to support your amendment, if you can get 60 votes, that gets attached to the legislation. That is the way it is supposed to work around here. So we are encouraging our colleagues 
to join with us and get the work done that the American people want done. So I thank our energy chairman for setting that in motion. That is the right way to do business. That is what we are elected to do. We are going to get something done for the American people, who sent us here for that very reason. 
When you look at what is going on in 
energy today, you have to feel pretty good about it. If not, drive over to the gas station to fill your car. Gas prices at the pump are about a dollar lower than they were this time a year ago. If you equated that savings our con-sumers are receiving at the pump to a 
tax cut, it would be more than a $100 billion tax cut for hard-working Ameri-cans. That is pretty exciting. That did not just happen. It certainly did not happen because OPEC or anyone else— Venezuela or Russia or anybody—de-cided they wanted to cut us a break, cut hard-working Americans, hard- working taxpayers, consumers, small businesses across this country a break. It happened because we are producing more energy in this country and we are working with our closest friend and ally in the world—Canada—to produce more energy. 
On a daily basis we consume about 18 
million barrels of oil a day—oil and oil equivalents—and produce about 11 mil-lion of those barrels here domestically. We are up to about 3 million, so of the 7 million we import, about 3 million comes from Canada. So we are down to only importing about 4 million barrels a day from other sources. If we stay on this track, if we build the necessary en-ergy infrastructure—such as the Key-stone XL Pipeline—and we continue to build good business climates and get our companies to invest, to create jobs, and produce more energy, we can get to a point where we truly have North American energy security, meaning we produce more energy here at home and with Canada than we consume. Boy, then we will be in the driver’s seat— not OPEC; America will be in the driv-er’s seat. If we don’t do it, if we block projects like we are debating right now, then we will put OPEC back in the driver’s seat. So when they hear our President say he is going to con-tinue to block this project, to veto this legislation if we are able to pass it with a strong bipartisan majority, that is music to OPEC’s ears because that puts them right back in the saddle. That is what they want. 
But we work for America. That is 
why we need to continue to move for-ward and build this exciting energy fu-ture for our country that we are build-ing. It is energy. It is jobs. It is eco-nomic growth. This project will create hundreds of millions of dollars of rev-enue—State, local, and Federal rev-enue to help reduce the debt and def-icit. That is a huge and important im-pact of the project. Of course it is about national security with energy se-curity. So I want to emphasize that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.019 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S233 January 16, 2015 
again because that is doing the work 
the American people sent us here to do. 
For the opponents—there are a cou-
ple of things that I heard this morning and that I hear on an ongoing basis. One is that, oh, gee, we should be doing renewable energy instead of fossil fuels. 
Why not do all of it? Why are they 
mutually exclusive? How does doing this project in any way prevent us from doing any renewable project we ought to do? Let’s do those renewable projects. 
In my home State we use steam from 
coal plants to produce biofuels, power biofuels plants. We use the wastewater from some of our communities in those biofuels plants. We have wind energy. We have geothermal, ethanol, bio-diesel. We are now the second largest oil-producing State in the country. We produce 1.2 million barrels a day—sec-ond only to Texas. 
They are not mutually exclusive. 
Let’s do it all. How does holding up one enable us to do the other? It does not. So when I hear the argument that ‘‘Well, we ought to do all of those other things,’’ good—let’s do them. But doing this project helps us. It provides more energy. Heck, let’s do the others too. So arguing that we should do renew-ables is not an argument against this project. Fine. Let’s do it. Let’s do them both. 
The other argument that I heard this 
morning and that I hear, of course, a lot from the critics is the environ-mental argument. Again, I say look at the facts. Go back to the science. The report itself says ‘‘no significant envi-ronmental impact.’’ That is the report done by the Obama administration, the environmental impact statement that was designed to look specifically at the environmental impacts. That has been done over the course of 6 years; not one, not two, not three, but five re-ports—three draft reports, two final re-ports. The results are right in the re-port: The Keystone XL Pipeline will have no significant environmental im-pact. 
In fact, we will have higher green-
house emissions without the pipeline than we will with it because it would take 1,400 railcars a day to move all of that crude into our country, which is what will happen. If somehow the crit-ics manage to block that, then it would go to China. We would have pipelines built to the west coast of Canada. The oil would go to China in tanker ships and be refined in refineries that have higher emissions. So however you slice it, without the pipeline, we would have higher greenhouse gas emissions. 
But here is what I want to touch on 
for just a few minutes today. I will talk about it more next week. Canada is working aggressively to get investment in the oil sands to reduce the green-house gas emissions. Exxon has a major project up there. Shell has a major project up there. The Exxon project is the Kearl project. The Shell project is the Quest project. In both cases they are bringing down the 
greenhouse gas emissions of the oil sands buy investing in new tech-nologies, in cogeneration, and in car-bon capture and storage. Hundreds of millions—billions of dollars are being invested along with the Canadian Gov-ernment in carbon reduction tech-nologies. Not only does that reduce the 
carbon footprint of the oil sands, but think about it—as that technology is developed, what happens? It is adopted in other places. It is adopted here in this country. It might be adopted in China and other places around the world. So the advances they make in technology in reducing greenhouse gas emissions, in reducing the footprint of this oil production and finding better ways, more cost-effective, more effi-cient ways, more environmentally friendly ways to produce that energy, that technology then is adopted around the world. 
In other words, they are finding solu-
tions to some of the concerns that are being raised on the environmental front by the very critics of this project. So instead of stopping that investment and that advancement, why don’t we find ways to continue to develop that, which is not only a benefit in the oil sands in Alberta, but it is a benefit that we can utilize to produce energy in this country and other places around the world. That is true for oil. That is true for gas. That is true for all fossil fuel energy. 
See, that is how America has always 
worked. We create that business cli-mate. We encourage the investment. We get American ingenuity. We get American companies to use their entre-preneurial genius to make those in-vestments to not only create good jobs but to produce more energy, giving us energy security, and deploy the very technologies that give us the better en-vironmental stewardship that we want. But when we block these projects, when we prevent the investment, when we will not let them build the infra-structure, we bring all of that to a grinding stop. Why would we do that? It does not make sense. 
There is not one penny of U.S. tax-
payer money going into this $8 billion project. It is private investment. Why would we not want the private invest-ment that helps build the infrastruc-ture and develop and deploy the tech-nology that gives us better environ-mental stewardship? Isn’t that what it is all about? Isn’t that why our power-plants and our energy production in this country are light-years ahead of what they are doing in countries around the world, where in many cases they are still using third world-type energy approaches? Let’s lead the way forward in technology. Let’s empower that to happen. 
Because I note that the time is wrap-
ping up here, I will come back to the floor next week. But I am going to talk about the hundreds of millions that are being invested in the Kearl project— Exxon is doing that project—and also in the Quest project, and Shell is doing 
that project. They are working with the provincial government in Alberta to develop carbon capture and storage. That is something we talk all the time about wanting to do. Here we have pri-vate companies working to put hun-dreds of millions into developing that very technology. 
Since 1990 the greenhouse gas emis-
sions for the production of oil in the oil sands has come down 28 percent—been reduced almost by one-third. They are continuing to find ways to improve the environmental stewardship and reduce the greenhouse gas emissions. Isn’t that what we want versus continuing, for example, to import oil from Ven-ezuela that has as high or a higher footprint, and you do not have that kind of investment in new tech-nologies, that kind of investment in better environmental stewardship. 
So as we talk about this issue, let’s 
talk about it in a way where we ad-vance the ball and we do it the right way; where we get the energy, the jobs, the economic growth; where we build our relationship with Canada rather than saying: No, we are not going to work with you guys. At the same time, we will get better environmental stew-ardship. We can do it. Let’s do it. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CYBER SECURITY  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to 
discuss the critical need for cyber secu-rity legislation. 
Computers control nearly everything 
we use in our daily lives. They control our cars, our phones, our water supply, our power grid, our financial services, our retail networks, our food produc-tion and in many respects our military capabilities. 
Fortunately, our adversaries have 
not yet succeeded in inflicting major physical damage on our Nation’s inter-dependent critical infrastructure. 
That is not to say however they are 
not vulnerable to persistent threats in cyber space. Look no further than in the ‘‘2014 U.S. State of Cybercrime Sur-vey.’’ That is a study prepared by PricewaterhouseCoopers, the U.S. Se-cret Service, Carnegie Mellon Univer-sity, and CSO magazine. 
Of the more than 500 U.S. executives 
and security experts surveyed, 77 per-cent of businesses detected an at-tempted security breach in the pre-vious 12 months, and 34 percent of these businesses said the number of se-curity incidents detected increased over the previous year, with an average number of 135 incidents per organiza-tion. 
The report makes many key observa-
tions, but let me emphasize a key find-ing that resonated with me. One thing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.020 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S234 January 16, 2015 
is very clear: Most organizations’ cyber 
security programs do not rival the per-sistence, tactical skills, and techno-logical prowess of today’s cyber adver-saries. 
Cyber thieves proved their deter-
mination just last week when Russian hackers amassed over 1 billion Internet user names and passwords, the largest known collection of Internet creden-tials. 
In the years following the September 
11, 2001, attacks, the U.S. Director of National Intelligence consistently ranked terrorism as our No. 1 threat, but that started to change a few years ago. In 2012 then-FBI Director Robert Mueller predicted that ‘‘in the not too distant future, we anticipate that the cyber threat will pose the number one threat to our country.’’ 
He was right. In 2013 and 2014 the intelligence com-
munity’s Worldwide Threat Assess-ment lists cyber as the top threat to our Nation. Terrorism, nuclear pro-liferation, and unauthorized leaks of classified information remain grave threats to our country, but cyber is now our No. 1 threat. 
Yet it is hard to believe no major 
cyber security legislation has been en-acted since 2002, when Congress passed the Federal Information Security Man-agement Act—or FISMA—and the Cy-bersecurity Research and Development Act. Of course, there have been provi-sions relevant to cyber security en-acted in subsequent laws but nothing as significant or comprehensive as the laws passed 12 years ago. 
As we begin a new Congress, let me 
articulate a few guiding principles that should be included in any cyber secu-rity legislation. 
First, we must acknowledge the need 
for the government and the private sec-tor to cooperate in order to fend off cyber attacks, but today businesses are reluctant to share critical information out of fear of legal repercussions. Con-gress must provide proper incentives, such as liability protection, to encour-age the private sector to share cyber threat information with our govern-ment. 
Next, any cyber security legislation 
must strike the right balance between protecting our Nation’s computer in-frastructure and protecting individual privacy rights. 
Thus, information sharing between 
businesses and the government must be tailored to the recipient’s actual secu-rity responsibilities. Moreover, any legislation should avoid overly broad language that could clash with privacy protections. 
Furthermore, a voluntary, non-
regulatory approach is most likely to yield consensus legislation. The role of DHS and other government agencies should be to provide advice and re-sources to improve our Nation’s cyber security posture, not to pile on addi-tional burdensome regulations. 
Finally, and perhaps most important, 
we must build a strong cyber security workforce in the public and the private 
sectors. Enacting cyber security legis-lation will mean very little if there are no trained professionals prepared to tackle our Nation’s cyber security challenges. 
In order to build the enduring capa-
bilities capable of protecting our cyber infrastructure, we must encourage young people to pursue high-tech ca-reers and attract highly skilled work-ers from around the world. 
Beyond the civilian realm, the cyber 
threats we face present critical new challenges to our national security. Ar-guably, we have not yet faced a simi-larly novel catalyst for policy formula-tion and change since the development of our nuclear deterrence strategy more than 60 years ago. 
As we face this new world of cyber 
threats, the fundamental question re-mains the same: What is the most effi-cient and effective means to defend our country, the United States, while re-maining true to the Constitution at the same time. Answering that ques-tion should be the cornerstone of the President’s cyber security strategy. 
I was encouraged to hear the Presi-
dent say during his visit to the Na-tional Cybersecurity Communications Integration Center earlier this week that ‘‘cyber threats are an urgent and growing danger.’’ I certainly share that assessment of the dire nature of this very real threat to our national secu-rity. 
While I applaud the White House for 
its plans to host a conference on cyber security and consumer protection next month, the nature of the cyber secu-rity threat demands a comprehensive strategy to protect our Nation. 
Much work remains to be done on 
this front, especially from the stand-point of the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security. The urgency of this task was amplified when the Congressional Research Serv-ice concluded just this month that ‘‘the overarching defense strategy for securing cyberspace is vague and evolv-ing.’’ 
As we face these threats, we must act 
decisively to ensure that bureaucratic barriers do not hinder the development of an effective strategy to counter 
threats from cyber space. As it stands, there is not a single agency primarily responsible for cyber defense. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity is charged with protecting civilian networks and working with the private sector. The FBI and Secret Service are responsible for investigating cyber crime, and the Department of Defense is responsible for defending its own sys-tems and partnering to protect the de-fense industrial base. 
Critically, the Defense Department is 
only tasked with supporting DHS when the cyber attack is directed at our homeland. Yet these differences of re-sponsibility can operate as artificial barriers to the efficient and effective cyber defense system. 
Indeed, the lack of a single organiza-
tion with direct responsibility runs counter to the basic leadership prin-
ciple of unity of command. It bears re-membering that these boundaries only exist for our agencies, not the hackers which seek to exploit the limitless ter-rain of cyber space. In a world in which the lines between cyber crime and cyber warfare are increasingly blurred, we need to ensure that all of our defen-sive cyber capabilities are brought to bear against the wide variety of threats facing our infrastructure, pri-vate and public, civilian and military. 
Nevertheless, the need for a primary 
agency of responsibility does not nec-essarily mean the Department of De-fense should be that agency, even de-spite its remarkable capabilities. Such a course would raise both legal and practical concerns. 
Beginning with the legal issue, as the 
Supreme Court has stated, there is a ‘‘traditional and strong resistance of Americans to any military intrusion into civilian affairs.’’ 
The use of the military to enforce the 
law, with respect to domestic hackers or to virtually patrol on private net-works is problematic because of the provisions of 18 U.S.C. section 1835. 
In addition, the Defense Depart-
ment’s organization to defend against cyber attacks might not be the most efficient. Currently, U.S. Cyber Com-mand, which is responsible for the training and equipping of our cyber warriors, is also entrusted with the De-partment’s operational activities in cyber space. Such a construct makes sense. Yet unlike a unified combatant command, Cyber Command is a subuni-fied command under U.S. Strategic Command. Though this configuration has been considered and agreed to by the Senate Armed Services Committee, I am still not convinced of its value. Therefore, I also hope the President ad-dresses how our military forces can best be aligned to facilitate the most efficient and effective cyber defense possible. 
But returning to the larger question, 
if concentrating our efforts entirely in the hands of the Defense Department is not advisable, what are we to do? 
One possible solution has been pre-
sented by Richard Clarke, the noted former member of the National Secu-rity Council, in his book, ‘‘Cyber War.’’ 
To be clear, I am not endorsing Mr. 
Clarke’s proposal. We surely do not need another government bureaucracy, but I do believe it is an important con-cept to be discussed during future de-bates on cyber security. Specifically, Mr. Clarke argues for a civilian cyber defense administration which would be responsible for protecting ‘‘the dot-gov domain and critical infrastructure dur-ing an attack.’’ As well as assigning those Federal law enforcement agen-cies personnel responsible for cyber crime to this centralized cyber defense administration, it would only be log-ical to ask if such an agency could pro-vide other cyber defense functions. 
Accordingly, addressing proposals 
such as this as part of answering the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.022 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S235 January 16, 2015 
question as to what is the most effec-
tive organization we can employ for cyber security should be a focal point of the President’s address. 
But we should not just place these 
questions at the President’s door. The Senate itself must consider modifying the way it considers cyber security leg-islation and issues. 
Currently, there are at least five sep-
arate Senate committees which are re-sponsible for various aspects of cyber security. Therefore, we, too, have a unity-of-effort issue, and the Senate should consider means to concentrate this body’s expertise on this critical matter. 
In conclusion, there are a myriad of 
questions which our government must address before we are able to state we have the most effective, efficient, and constitutional cyber security defense possible. 
I hope the President fully utilizes the 
opportunity presented to him in his State of the Union Address to answer these important questions—and if he doesn’t, we have to. So we better solve these problems. I presume the Presi-dent will speak intelligently on these issues and hopefully in a way that will unify the country, unify the Congress, and get us all working in the same way. 
We can’t afford to let this drag any 
longer. This is one of the most impor-tant sets of issues we have in our coun-try. It may be one of the most impor-tant issues or sets of issues in the world at large. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SAUDI ARABIA 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, on Janu-
ary 12 in Saudi Arabia a prominent human rights lawyer, Mr. Waleed Abu al-Khair, was handed a 5-year exten-sion to his 10-year prison sentence. Mr. Abu al-Khair, who is the founder and director of the watchdog group Monitor of Human Rights in Saudi Arabia, was also fined, banned from travel outside the county for 15 years after his re-lease, and his websites will be shut down. What were the crimes that brought about this sentence? He was charged with harming the kingdom’s reputation and insulting judicial au-
thority, among other violations related to his non-violent activism. 
This case and others like it certainly 
have harmed the kingdom’s reputation, and insulted its judicial system, but the fault is not Mr. Abu al-Khair’s. 
After years of defending human 
rights activists as a legal advocate in Saudi courts, he was called in front of a terrorism tribunal at the end of 2013 for a trial that from its earliest days was declared a farce by human rights organizations. This was not the first time Mr. Abu al-Khair was made a tar-get of the justice system, having first faced trial in 2011 for signing a petition that called for government reform. 
During the fifth hearing in front of 
the terrorism tribunal he was jailed mid-trial under the January 2014 anti-terrorism law, which covers verbal acts that harm the reputation of the state. Mr. Abu al-Khair was eventually sen-tenced to 10 years for his activism amid growing international condemna-tion of Saudi repression. His decision not to disavow his beliefs led to this week’s further sentencing. 
Unfortunately, Mr. Abu al-Khair’s 
case is not unique. As more Saudis have begun to speak out against gov-ernment repression, the monarchy has responded by escalating its crackdown on dissent, including by using the al-ready dubious terrorism tribunal sys-tem to punish human rights defenders. 
It is ironic that while Saudi officials 
condemned the brutal killings of jour-nalists at Charlie Hebdo, and their Am-bassador attended the rally in Paris, their Justice Ministry was preparing to carry out the first of 1,000 public lash-ings of Raif Badawi. Like the cartoon-ists, Mr. Badawi has been accused of in-sulting Islam, and like them and his former lawyer, Mr. Abu al-Khair, he was simply exercising his nonviolent right of freedom of expression. Need-less to say, his persecution has drawn an international outcry, including by many of those who joined the Saudi government in denouncing the attacks in Paris. 
The United States and Saudi Arabia 
have long been strategic allies, and we want that relationship to continue. But the fundamental right of free ex-pression cannot be a casualty of con-venience. The injustices I have de-scribed must be addressed. Not only do these actions violate the Saudi govern-ment’s stated policy and its commit-ment as a member of the UN Human Rights Council to protect human rights, but they are a flawed strategy for discouraging dissent. Ominously, as we have seen in many countries, they may cause critics of the government to resort to violence to achieve their goals. 
I urge the Saudi government to re-
lease Mr. Abu al-Khair and Mr. Badawi and dismiss the spurious charges against them. This kind of repression and barbarity have no place in the 21st century. CORN ETHANOL MANDATE 
ELIMINATION ACT 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
wish to submit an amendment with my colleagues, Senators T
OOMEY and 
FLAKE to correct a major problem with 
the current Renewable Fuel Standard: the mandate for corn ethanol. We see two major problems with continuing to mandate the consumption of so much corn ethanol each year. The statute currently mandates more corn ethanol than can be used by the current vehicle fleet and gas stations. Roughly 40 per-cent of the U.S. corn crop is now used to produce ethanol, artificially pushing up food and feed prices while damaging the environment. This amendment of-fers a simple fix that addresses both problems: elimination of the corn eth-anol mandate. 
Also, the amendment leaves in place 
the requirement that oil companies purchase and use low-carbon advanced biofuels, including cellulosic ethanol and biodiesel. This allows the program to focus on the fuels that best address climate change and do not compete with the food supply. 
Let me highlight a few of the unin-
tended consequences of the corn eth-anol mandate. The policy has led us to use roughly 40 percent of the U.S. corn crop not for food but for fuel, nearly twice the rate in 2006. Using more and more corn for ethanol—in drought years as well as years with bumper crops—places unnecessary pressure on the price of corn. 
The Congressional Budget Office esti-
mated in June 2014 that escalating the volume of corn ethanol as currently re-quired by statute would raise the aver-age price of corn about 6 percent by 2017. That would increase food expendi-tures by $3.5 billion per year by 2017, the equivalent of about $10 per person, 
which most directly affects families living on the margin. 
Internationally, according to Tufts 
University researchers, the corn eth-anol mandate has cost net corn import-ing countries $11.6 billion in higher corn prices, with more than half that cost, $6.6 billion, borne by developing countries. Higher corn prices also raise prices throughout the food supply chain by raising the cost of animal feed. For the turkey industry alone, the Renewable Fuel Standard raised feed expenses by $1.9 billion in 2013, ac-cording to the President of the Na-tional Turkey Federation. For the res-taurant industry, a recent Price- Waterhouse-Coopers study projects that the corn ethanol mandate would increase costs by up to $3.2 billion a year. For the milk industry, the West-ern United Dairyman reported in 2013 that a combination of high feed costs and low milk prices put 105 dairies out of business in one year alone. 
The corn ethanol mandate also has 
unintended environmental con-sequences. In 2013, an investigative re-port from the Associated Press found using government satellite data that 1.2 million acres of virgin land in Ne-braska and the Dakotas alone were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.023 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S236 January 16, 2015 
converted to fields of corn and soy-
beans since 2006. Putting virgin land under cultivation has environmental consequences, including greater runoff, greater use of fertilizer, and less land available for conservation. 
Another consequence of the corn eth-
anol mandate is that it places a regu-latory requirement on oil refiners that cannot actually be satisfied—it re-quires more ethanol than the auto fleet and existing gas stations can accom-modate, a concept called the blend wall. Under the RFS, oil refineries are required to blend 15 billion gallons of corn ethanol into the fuel supply in 2015. This far exceeds the roughly 13.5 billion gallons that our current infra-structure can accommodate. According to the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s final 2013 rule, the ‘‘EPA does not currently foresee a scenario in which the market could consume enough eth-anol to meet the volumes stated in the statute.’’ The Congressional Budget Of-fice confirmed this judgment in its June 2014 report, saying that the statu-tory goal of escalating corn ethanol volumes would be ‘‘very hard to meet in future years.’’ 
Chevron, which operates oil refin-
eries in my home State, is also con-cerned that the statutory mandate re-quires too much ethanol. It is Chev-ron’s judgment that ‘‘the required vol-ume of renewable fuel exceeds the amount that can be safely blended into transportation fuels used by con-sumers.’’ Facing this difficulty, the EPA has been unable to finalize the volume requirements for 2014 or 2015. This leaves the businesses seeking to develop advanced biofuel ventures without any certain prospects to guide their investments and undermines the primary purpose of the Renewable Fuel Standard. 
The Corn Ethanol Mandate Elimi-
nation Act would address the blend wall directly, thereby allowing EPA to continue increasing volumes of low carbon advanced biofuel. 
The corn industry, by contrast, does 
not depend on the RFS for its liveli-hood. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office predicts that refiners will con-tinue to blend corn ethanol into the fuel supply in the absence of a man-date, because ethanol is the oil refin-er’s preferred octane booster and oxy-genate. 
Ultimately, I believe that this bill 
would better serve the advanced biofuel industry by removing the blend wall as an obstacle to the industry’s expan-sion, and providing the regulatory cer-tainty that they need to guide their in-vestments. These advanced biofuels have none of the same problems as corn ethanol. They do not compete directly with food, and they reduce greenhouse gas emissions by at least 50 percent compared to petroleum. 
I am also fundamentally committed 
to the vitally important public health and climate protections provided by the Clean Air Act. That is why I would like to make it crystal clear that this legislation is a narrow bill repealing 
the corn ethanol mandate. The bill’s language explicitly clarifies that the legislation has no effect on the low- carbon advanced biofuel provisions in the Renewable Fuel Standard, and I would oppose any bill that would amend, revise or weaken the advanced biofuel provisions or other public health protections provided by the Clean Air Act. 
The elimination of the corn ethanol 
mandate is a smart, simple reform with support from the prepared food indus-try, the dairy, beef, and poultry indus-tries, the oil and gas industries, hunger relief organizations, and environ-mental groups. 
The bill solves the problems of the 
Renewable Fuel Standard while main-taining the provisions that encourage the development, growth, and deploy-ment of cellulosic ethanol, algae-based fuel, biodiesel, and other low-carbon advanced biofuels. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
JOHNSON CITY CHAMBER OF COM-
MERCE CENTENNIAL CELEBRA-TION 
∑Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
this year marks the centennial year of the establishment of the Johnson City Chamber of Commerce. 
Since its establishment on July 6, 
1915, the chamber has served as the leading voice for local business and community development. The chamber has been instrumental in transforming Johnson City from a small rail-ship-ping town in the early 1900s to a distin-guished medical community over the past several decades and continues to lead the way for new business, trade, and growth in upper East Tennessee. 
As we see around the country, the 
Federal Government has been throwing a big, wet blanket of burdensome regu-lations on businesses and the economy, and chambers of commerce around the Nation have been leaders in advocating to get Washington out of the way and unleash our free enterprise system. The best thing we can do for job creation is to remove these regulations so busi-nesses and entrepreneurs will be able to get our economy moving again. 
We need to be working to help our 
job creators put people back to work, and we thank the Johnson City cham-ber for its work to help Tennessee busi-nesses and employees, and for all it has done to help Johnson City succeed and continue to thrive. 
With a new Republican majority, we 
will work with the chamber to advance our shared goals to jump-start our economy and liberate our free market so businesses in Tennessee and around the Nation will have the freedom they need to get our economy going in the right direction. ∑ VERMONT ESSAY WINNERS 
∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, since 
2010 I have sponsored a State of the Union essay contest for Vermont stu-dents. The contest, now in its fifth year, is an opportunity for Vermont students to articulate what issues they would prioritize if they were President of the United States. A panel of Vermont teachers reviewed all of the essays submitted and selected the top twenty. I am proud to say that more than 400 students wrote essays for this year’s State of the Union contest. 
I would like to congratulate each and 
every finalist, and to specifically ac-knowledge Leo Lehrer-Small as this year’s winner of the contest. I would also like to recognize Ryan Taggard for placing second and Craig Pelsor and Hadley Menk for placing third. I ask to have printed in the R
ECORD the win-
ning essays. 
The essays follow. 
LEO LEHRER -SMALL , MOUNT MANSFIELD UNION  
HIGH SCHOOL (WINNER)  
As we enter the year of 2015, there is one 
issue in particular that our government, in conjunction with global policy makers, need to address with attention and urgency. This issue, quite simply, is the safety of our plan-et: global climate change is already affecting the environment through droughts, increas-ingly frequent heat waves, and rising sea lev-els. It is a scientific fact that climate change is man-made, even though some politicians still deny the part that humans play in the issue. 
As the most powerful country in the world, 
the US must be a driving force in halting global climate change. The question is: how do we go about doing this? In order to fix our growing crisis, we must first understand the roots of the problem. Last year’s report re-leased by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change showed that the recent rise of temperature is due to an excess of green-house gases that humans have released into our atmosphere. And to quote the Environ-mental Protection Agency, ‘‘The largest source of greenhouse gas emissions from human activities in the United States is from burning fossil fuels for electricity, heat, and transportation.’’ So it is clear; the root of our problem is our overuse of fossil fuels. 
We must take drastic measures to reduce 
our fossil fuel consumption. Congress must make and pass bills that finance green en-ergy projects. Government subsidies which are currently being given to the oil and gas industries should be given to the renewable energy industry. This boost would allow re-newable and clean energy sources such as wind and solar to provide more of the na-tion’s energy, and in return lower our usage of fossil fuels. The growth of clean energy usage in the US would not only play a role in climate change reversal, but also provide millions of safe jobs for American workers. 
Furthermore, our government should heav-
ily tax the large greenhouse gas producers; companies that burn cheap fossil fuels to make massive amounts of money. These are the main contributors to climate change. These are the corporations that we must limit through a tax on carbon dioxide. Such a tax would not only discourage the burning of fossil fuels, but the money may also be in-vested in the redevelopment of clean energy. 
And as one of the leaders in our global 
economy, the rest of the world will look to us to initiate the transition towards clean energy usage. We have the opportunity to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.028 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S237 January 16, 2015 
globally legitimize renewable energy, which 
is a vital step towards ending climate change. The action that our country takes on this problem will be a model for the rest of the world, which makes it the most impor-tant issue that should be addressed by the United States. Not taking care of the planet is not taking care of the people. 
RYAN TAGGARD , BRATTLEBORO UNION HIGH  
SCHOOL (SECOND PLACE)  
The state of our country has seen marked 
improvement over the last year. Unemploy-ment is at its lowest level since before the recession, the stock market is setting record highs, and a manufacturing sector that has added jobs for the first time in nearly two decades. But we’re working to regain lost ground, while neglecting the importance of innovating, creating, and aspiring—the very aspects that once made our country great. 
Throughout the 60’s and 70’s, America was 
the planet’s premier superpower. Despite the threat of an aggressive U.S.S.R. looming on the horizon, campus unrest, the conflict in Vietnam, and the civil rights movement playing out in confrontations on the street, we found time to dream about tomorrow. The engine of this growth was the relentless advancement of science and technology. Our crowned jewel, NASA, was among the most powerful agencies the world had ever seen, and promised us a future full of plenty. We didn’t outsource jobs, because no other na-tion could do what America could. We spawned entire industries built around new inventions. And most importantly, we gained a technological edge, strengthening our mili-tary, infrastructure, and economy. 
MRIs, GPS receivers, cochlear implants, 
Lasik surgery, catalytic converters, the first fuel cells, cordless tools, cell phones, and the microprocessors that enable our lives are all direct results of our first forays into the abyss of space. Due to our curiosity, hun-dreds of thousands of lives were saved. Pa-tients who were born deaf were given the ability to hear. The blind could see. The en-vironment was restored in numerous and in-valuable ways, and communication became constant and universal. Curiosity enabled our nation to perform miracles. 
Unfortunately for our nation, NASA was 
formed in the midst of a panic induced by the launch of the Soviet’s Sputnik. Once the American government saw that the U.S.S.R. wasn’t ready to go to the moon, they ceded their push to move forwards. Today NASA’s spending represents 0.49% of our federal budget. This half a penny off the tax dollar pays for all of NASA’s operations: the Inter-national Space Station, Hubble telescope, Curiosity rover, all the astronauts, and more. With only a slight increase in funding, we could go back to the moon, send men to Mars, and journey on to explore asteroids and alien worlds. 
The incentives for raising NASA’s budget 
are diverse, powerful, and irrespective of party. As well as providing an opportunity for our government to assume a leadership position, the economic stimulus that accom-panies a revived space industry would create new jobs, the technologies developed would improve our lives, and the cultural shift that occurred in the 60’s and 70’s would once again become the norm. Students would aspire to become scientists, engineers, mathemati-cians, and technologists. We as a nation would reclaim our former spot at the very forefront of innovation. And America would reap the benefits of an educated, industrial, and forward thinking workforce. 
HADLEY MENK , CHAMPLAIN VALLEY UNION HIGH  
SCHOOL (THIRD PLACE)  
The future of our great nation is being 
threatened at this very moment, and the foe may not be what you suspect. The current states of our agricultural practices are 
harming our country’s future in catastrophic ways. Before a country can focus on issues like health care, gun control, abortion, or even the functioning of its own government, it must make sure the people’s basic needs are met. And nothing is more basic or essen-tial than food. 
The United Nations Food and Agriculture 
Organization estimates that the world’s pop-ulation will reach 9 billion people within the next 40 years. To meet this need, global agri-cultural production must increase by 70%. Elected officials of the United States must take this seriously. Fortunately, agriculture is a subject in which Vermont is well versed. It is time for Vermont to lead the way in ad-vocating for more efficient, effective, and sustainable agriculture. Investing in agri-culture is one of the simplest but most effec-tive ways for the United States to protect its future as a nation and as a world leader. 
There are several interconnected issues 
currently facing our agriculture industry, the most important of which are afford-ability, water, and land management. Food prices tend to fluctuate depending on the price of oil, as petroleum products are widely used in almost all aspects of food production. From trucks and equipment to synthetic fer-tilizers and pesticides, petroleum plays too large a role in our food. Emphasis must be placed on finding more natural alternatives to petroleum. Water and land management are also major issues. As is evidenced by the crisis in California, more needs to be done in terms of finding ways to better conserve water for agriculture. According to the Index Mundi, in North America in 1961, the amount of arable land per person was 1.1 hectares. In 2009, that number had decreased to .61 per person, due to land misuse. Legislators on a local, state, and national level need to work with scientists to solve these potentially catastrophic problems. 
Without agriculture, it is impossible for 
any country to survive. Widespread food shortages can cause not only starvation but also corruption in the government. Investing in food production benefits everyone, regard-less of race, gender, socioeconomic status, or political party, and yet agriculture is not treated with as much attention as issues like gun control and immigration in the media. 
In order to preserve the future of the 
United States, we as Vermonters must lead the way in urging legislators to endorse measures that will improve agricultural methods and help farmers be more sustain-able. In a letter to George Washington dated August 14, 1787, Thomas Jefferson stated that ‘‘Agriculture . . . is our wisest pursuit, because it will in the end contribute most to real wealth, good morals and happiness.’’ 
CRAIG PELSOR , MILTON HIGH SCHOOL (THIRD  
PLACE)  
The United States of America is without a 
doubt in a better position now than it was ten years ago. The economy has rebounded and the few lingering effects of the ‘‘Great Recession’’ are being mended. The national unemployment rate stands at 5.9% as of Sep-tember, the lowest it’s been since 2008. The United States is producing more oil, natural gas and energy from renewable resources than ever before, which seeks to further the eventual dream of an energy independent America. In addition, rates for violent and property crimes continue to decline and our national GDP continues to outpace every other nations. 
Even with the future seeming so bright, 
there remains still pressing issues to which we must give our full attention. 
As the economy has recovered and grown, 
so has the gap between the rich and the poor, and even the rich and the super-rich. We hear of the wealthiest one percent’s still 
growing fortunes while those in the 30th or 10th percentile are still waiting for the wealth to trickle down. That has not worked, and we must do something to stem the tide of this growing inequality. To do this we must raise the minimum wage until it is a livable wage in all fifty states, as well as reorganizing our tax structure so that those with the most wealth are contributing more than those without. There is also the issue of massive student loan debts which dampen the potential success of graduates. With the average student loan debt growing, there are a number of steps we could take to make paying for higher education less of a fi-nancial burden. Expand the federal student loan program to grant more money to those who need it, while at the same time ensuring public colleges and universities do not raise their tuitions. The system of federally sub-sidized Universities used in Canada and some Europeans nations could easily be adopted in the United States in order to keep the work-ing costs of our colleges and universities at a level where they will not need to raise their tuition costs every year. 
On a global front, there continues the trou-
bles in the Middle East and abroad, for which America has a duty to respond with both hu-manitarian aid and military force to ensure a lasting peace in the region. The arming of so called ‘‘moderate’’ rebels in conflicts in Syria have proven of little aid to America or its interests as well as the weapons and in-telligence we provide ending up in unin-tended hands. Also, the billions of dollars of military aid to countries such as Israel which has become a massively unnecessary expenditure. In light of this, America should adopt a renewed focus on bettering education opportunities and the general standards of living in the Middle East and avoid joining any new conflicts. The containment and de-struction of ISIS should remain a top pri-ority, although the commitment of ground troops to the area should be withheld unless the situation gets far worse. 
A chasm of trust has grown between Amer-
ican citizens and those put in charge of their protection, law enforcement, due to a lack of transparency and discretion. To that end, the United States government must provide the states with incentive to equip local law enforcement with things such as body cam-eras instead of armored vehicles and assault rifles, as well as further training in dealing with the mentally ill and minorities where it is most needed. Until the people feel like po-lice officers are being held accountable for their actions, we cannot expect to further improve the nation. 
Another small change which may help 
stem the continuing rise in prescription drug abuse would be the outlawing of television, radio and internet advertising for all pre-scription drugs. With this people will be less likely to believe that they need all of the drugs that they see on television and that they are all safe because they are being pub-licly advertised. 
There is no one solution to all the nation’s 
problems, but through many small steps and congressional efforts like the ones that I have mentioned can make the United States of America a much stronger and prosperous nation. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING S&W WHOLESALE 
FOODS 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, one of 
the most important advantages of small businesses is their unparalleled devotion to their customers and com-munities. Small business owners are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.029 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S238 January 16, 2015 
the most qualified to truly recognize 
and meet the needs of their local re-gions. Having a local presence can make all the difference when it comes to building up a community, providing essential goods and services, as well as giving back to those starting new ven-tures. For my second Small Business of the Week, I am honored to recognize S & W Wholesale Foods for its success and commitment to serving southeast Louisiana and parts of the Mississippi Gulf Coast. 
Family owned and operated, Frank 
Spalitta and Richard Willams opened S & W Wholesale Foods in 1978. Over the years, it has grown from a 5,000 square foot operation to two locations in Hammond, LA, and Baton Rouge, LA. While S & W Wholesale Foods is well- known for distributing fresh food prod-ucts such as meats, seafood, and produce, it also stocks complementary supplies, including plasticware, chem-ical and cleaning supplies, and paper products to surrounding restaurants, bakeries, childcare centers, conven-ience stores, and other local busi-nesses. When Frank retired in 2006, his son and daughter-in-law, Paul and Tif-fany Spalitta, purchased the business in order to keep the family tradition alive. 
S & W Wholesale Foods has made a 
commitment to provide the best avail-able products to its customers, while also supporting an environment in which local restaurants and businesses work together to succeed. As a share-holder in one of the largest foodservice distribution cooperatives, Unipro Foodservice, S & W Wholesale Foods is able to supply high-quality products and services for its customers, which in turn supply Louisianians and residents of the Mississippi Gulf Coast. Even more inspiring is that S & W Wholesale Foods incorporates Louisiana brands, including New Orleans Roast and Zatarain’s, to its larger product base. One of the more unique aspects of the company is the quarterly brochure that shares seasonal recipes and local-ized tips and ideas to help readers build up and maintain their own businesses. 
S & W Wholesale Foods is a great ex-
ample of how hard work and quality products can lead to a successful small business. The company’s motto truly sums up the undeniable foundation of its priorities, ‘‘Large Enough to Serve . . . Small Enough to Care.’’ It is my honor to recognize this company that works so diligently to promote the businesses of the customers they serve. Once again, I congratulate S & W Wholesale Foods for being recognized as this week’s ‘‘Small Business of the Week’’ and wish them all of the best in the future. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 9:38 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 37. An act to make technical correc-
tions to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and private markets, to reduce regulatory burdens, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 185. An act to reform the process by 
which Federal agencies analyze and formu-late new regulations and guidance docu-ments. 
H.R. 240. An act making appropriations for 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 37. An act to make technical correc-
tions to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and private markets, to reduce regulatory burdens, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
H.R. 185. An act to reform the process by 
which Federal agencies analyze and formu-late new regulations and guidance docu-ments; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 33. An act to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into ac-count as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
H.R. 240. An act making appropriations for 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and 
Mr. P AUL): 
S. 180. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide an above-the- line deduction for child care expenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. C OONS , Mr. B LUNT , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , and Mr. K AINE): 
S. 181. A bill to jump-start economic recov-
ery through the formation and growth of new businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Mr. 
G
RASSLEY , Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. 
PORTMAN ): 
S. 182. A bill to amend the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 to prohibit Federal education mandates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. 
H
ATCH , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , 
Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B URR, Mr. C OATS , Mr. 
CRAPO , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mr. K IRK, Mr. M ORAN , Mr. R OBERTS , 
Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S COTT, Mr. T OOMEY , 
Mr. V ITTER , and Mr. W ICKER ): 
S. 183. A bill to repeal the annual fee on 
health insurance providers enacted by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. 
T
ESTER ): 
S. 184. A bill to amend the Indian Child 
Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before fos-ter care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. 
B
ENNET ): 
S. 185. A bill to create a limited population 
pathway for approval of certain antibacterial drugs; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. 
B
LUNT , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. 
INHOFE ): 
S. 186. A bill to improve transparency and 
efficiency with respect to audits and commu-nications between taxpayers and the Inter-nal Revenue Service; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 187. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to clarify that products de-rived from tar sands are crude oil for pur-poses of the Federal excise tax on petroleum, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 188. A bill to ensure that oil transported 
through the Keystone XL pipeline into the United States is used to reduce United States dependence on Middle Eastern oil; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself and 
Mr. R EID): 
S. Res. 27. A resolution to authorize testi-
mony and representation in United States of America v. Jeffrey A. Sterling; considered and agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.011 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S239 January 16, 2015 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 125 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 125, a bill to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the au-thorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes. 
S. 153 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
153, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to authorize addi-tional visas for well-educated aliens to live and work in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 165 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from Nebraska 
(Mrs. F ISCHER ), the Senator from Kan-
sas (Mr. M ORAN ), the Senator from 
Kansas (Mr. R OBERTS ), the Senator 
from Oklahoma (Mr. I NHOFE ), the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin (Mr. J OHNSON ), the 
Senator from Texas (Mr. C RUZ) and the 
Senator from Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 165, a bill to extend and enhance prohibitions and limitations with respect to the transfer or release of individuals de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and for other purposes. 
S. 166 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 166, a bill to stop exploitation through trafficking. 
S. 167 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the names of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ), the Senator 
from Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ) and the 
Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R EED) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 167, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan re-payment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Adminis-tration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 170 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 170, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the maximum age for children eligible for medical care under the CHAMPVA pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 171 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
171, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for coverage under the beneficiary travel program of 
the Department of Veterans Affairs of certain disabled veterans for travel in connection with certain special disabil-ities rehabilitation, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Michi-
gan (Ms. S TABENOW ) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 13 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from 
Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) were added as 
cosponsors of amendment No. 17 pro-posed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Wyoming 
(Mr. B ARRASSO ) and the Senator from 
Wyoming (Mr. E NZI) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 19 intended to be proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 25 intended to be proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 27—TO AU-
THORIZE TESTIMONY AND REP-RESENTATION IN UNITED STATES OF AMERICA V. JEF-FREY A. STERLING 
Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and 
Mr. R EID) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 27 
Whereas, in the case of United States of 
America v. Jeffrey A. Sterling , Cr. No. 10–485, 
pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, testi-mony has been requested from Julie Katzman, a former employee of the Senate Committee on the Judiciary; 
Whereas, pursuant to sections 703(a) and 
704(a)(2) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, 2 U.S.C. §§288b(a) and 288c(a)(2), the Senate may direct its counsel to represent current or former employees of the Senate with respect to any subpoena, order, or re-quest for testimony relating to their official responsibilities; 
Whereas, by the privileges of the Senate of 
the United States and Rule XI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, no evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate may, by the judicial or administrative proc-ess, be taken from such control or possession but by permission of the Senate; and 
Whereas, when it appears that evidence 
under the control or in the possession of the Senate may promote the administration of justice, the Senate will take such action as will promote the ends of justice consistent with the privileges of the Senate: Now, 
therefore, be it 
Resolved, That Julie Katzman is authorized 
to testify in the case of United States of Amer-
ica v. Jeffrey A. Sterling , except concerning 
matters for which a privilege should be as-serted. 
S
EC. 2. The Senate Legal Counsel is author-
ized to represent Ms. Katzman in connection with the production of evidence authorized in section one of this resolution. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 35. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. 
WARNER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to ap-prove the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 36. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. 
C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , 
Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 37. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 38. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 39. Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , and Mr. F LAKE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 40. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mrs. 
F
EINSTEIN , and Mr. F LAKE ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 41. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. 
C
ASEY , and Mr. H ATCH ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 42. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 43. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. 
D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 44. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 45. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 46. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.008 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S240 January 16, 2015 
SA 47. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 48. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 49. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mr. 
TESTER , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. 
WARREN , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
UDALL , Ms. S TABENOW , and Mr. M URPHY ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , 
Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 50. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 51. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 52. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. H
OEVEN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 53. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. 
ALEXANDER ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 54. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 55. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. 
S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 56. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
DAINES ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 35. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and 
Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. COORDINATION OF ENERGY RETRO-
FITTING ASSISTANCE FOR SCHOOLS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S CHOOL .—The term ‘‘school’’ means— 
(A) an elementary school or secondary 
school (as defined in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)); 
(B) an institution of higher education (as 
defined in section 102(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002(a)); 
(C) a school of the defense dependents’ edu-
cation system under the Defense Dependents’ Education Act of 1978 (20 U.S.C. 921 et seq.) or established under section 2164 of title 10, United States Code; 
(D) a school operated by the Bureau of In-
dian Affairs; 
(E) a tribally controlled school (as defined 
in section 5212 of the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2511)); and 
(F) a Tribal College or University (as de-
fined in section 316(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b))). 
(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Energy. 
(b) D ESIGNATION OF LEAD AGENCY .—The 
Secretary, acting through the Office of En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, shall act as the lead Federal agency for coordi-nating and disseminating information on ex-isting Federal programs and assistance that may be used to help initiate, develop, and fi-nance energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects for schools. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out coordi-
nation and outreach under subsection (b), the Secretary shall— 
(1) in consultation and coordination with 
the appropriate Federal agencies, carry out a 
review of existing programs and financing mechanisms (including revolving loan funds and loan guarantees) available in or from the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Energy, the Department of Education, the Department of the Treasury, the Internal Revenue Service, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, and other appropriate Federal agencies with jurisdiction over energy fi-nancing and facilitation that are currently used or may be used to help initiate, develop, and finance energy efficiency, renewable en-ergy, and energy retrofitting projects for schools; 
(2) establish a Federal cross-departmental 
collaborative coordination, education, and outreach effort to streamline communica-tion and promote available Federal opportu-nities and assistance described in paragraph (1) for energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects that enables States, local educational agencies, and schools— 
(A) to use existing Federal opportunities 
more effectively; and 
(B) to form partnerships with Governors, 
State energy programs, local educational, fi-nancial, and energy officials, State and local government officials, nonprofit organiza-tions, and other appropriate entities to sup-port the initiation of the projects; 
(3) provide technical assistance for States, 
local educational agencies, and schools to help develop and finance energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects— 
(A) to increase the energy efficiency of 
buildings or facilities; 
(B) to install systems that individually 
generate energy from renewable energy re-sources; 
(C) to establish partnerships to leverage 
economies of scale and additional financing mechanisms available to larger clean energy initiatives; or 
(D) to promote— (i) the maintenance of health, environ-
mental quality, and safety in schools, includ-ing the ambient air quality, through energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy ret-rofit projects; and (ii) the achievement of expected energy 
savings and renewable energy production through proper operations and maintenance practices; 
(4) develop and maintain a single online re-
source website with contact information for relevant technical assistance and support staff in the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy for States, local edu-cational agencies, and schools to effectively access and use Federal opportunities and as-
sistance described in paragraph (1) to de-velop energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects; and 
(5) establish a process for recognition of 
schools that— 
(A) have successfully implemented energy 
efficiency, renewable energy, and energy ret-rofitting projects; and 
(B) are willing to serve as resources for 
other local educational agencies and schools to assist initiation of similar efforts. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing the implementation of this section. 
SA 36. Mr. GARDNER (for himself 
and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. USE OF ENERGY AND WATER EFFI-
CIENCY MEASURES IN FEDERAL BUILDINGS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) private sector funding and expertise can 
help address the energy efficiency challenges facing the United States; 
(2) the Federal Government spends more 
than $6,000,000,000 annually in energy costs; 
(3) reducing Federal energy costs can help 
save money, create jobs, and reduce waste; 
(4) energy savings performance contracts 
and utility energy service contracts are tools for using private sector investment to up-grade Federal facilities without any up-front cost to the taxpayer; 
(5) performance contracting is a way to 
retrofit Federal buildings using private sec-tor investment in the absence of appro-priated dollars; and 
(6) retrofits that reduce energy use also 
improve infrastructure, protect national se-curity, and cut facility operations and main-tenance costs. 
(b) E
NERGY MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS .— 
Section 543(f)(4) of the National Energy Con-servation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8253(f)(4)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; 
(2) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) M
EASURES NOT IMPLEMENTED .—Each 
energy manager, as part of the certification system under paragraph (7) and using guide-lines developed by the Secretary, shall pro-vide an explanation regarding any life-cycle cost-effective measures described in subpara-graph (A)(i) that have not been imple-mented.’’. 
(c) R
EPORTS .—Section 548(b) of the Na-
tional Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8258(b)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.012 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S241 January 16, 2015 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) the status of the energy savings 
performance contracts and utility energy service contracts of each agency; 
‘‘(B) the investment value of the contracts; ‘‘(C) the guaranteed energy savings for the 
previous year as compared to the actual en-ergy savings for the previous year; 
‘‘(D) the plan for entering into the con-
tracts in the coming year; and 
‘‘(E) information explaining why any pre-
viously submitted plans for the contracts were not implemented.’’. 
(d) D
EFINITION OF ENERGY CONSERVATION  
MEASURES .—Section 551(4) of the National 
Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8259(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘or retrofit activities’’ and inserting ‘‘retrofit activities, or energy consuming devices and required support structures’’. 
(e) A
UTHORITY TO ENTER INTOCONTRACTS .— 
Section 801(a)(2)(F) of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287(a)(2)(F)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in clause (ii), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) limit the recognition of operation 
and maintenance savings associated with systems modernized or replaced with the im-plementation of energy conservation meas-ures, water conservation measures, or any combination of energy conservation meas-ures and water conservation measures.’’. 
(f) M
ISCELLANEOUS AUTHORITY .—Section 
801(a)(2) of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(H) M
ISCELLANEOUS AUTHORITY .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, a Fed-eral agency may sell or transfer energy sav-ings and apply the proceeds of the sale or transfer to fund a contract under this title.’’. 
(g) P
AYMENT OF COSTS.—Section 802 of the 
National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287a) is amended by striking ‘‘(and related operation and maintenance ex-penses)’’ and inserting ‘‘, including related operations and maintenance expenses’’. 
(h) D
EFINITION OF ENERGY SAVINGS .—Sec-
tion 804(2) of the National Energy Conserva-tion Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287c(2)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘feder-
ally owned building or buildings or other fed-erally owned facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘Fed-eral building (as defined in section 551)’’ each place it appears; 
(2) in subparagraph (C) , by striking ‘‘; 
and’’ and inserting a semicolon; 
(3) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) the use, sale, or transfer of energy in-
centives, rebates, or credits (including re-newable energy credits) from Federal, State, or local governments or utilities; and 
‘‘(F) any revenue generated from a reduc-
tion in energy or water use, more efficient waste recycling, or additional energy gen-erated from more efficient equipment.’’. 
SA 37. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: SEC. 3. APPLICABILITY OF LIMITATIONS ON EX-
PORTATION OF DOMESTIC CRUDE OIL TO FOREIGN CRUDE OIL IM-PORTED INTO THE UNITED STATES BY PIPELINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On and after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, crude oil im-ported into the United States by pipeline shall be subject to the limitations described in subsection (b) and the licensing require-ments described in subsection (c) to the same extent and in the same manner as those limi-tations and requirements apply to crude oil produced in the United States. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS DESCRIBED .—The limita-
tions described in this subsection are the limitations on the exportation of crude oil produced in the United States under section 103(b) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6212(b)), section 28(u) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185(u)), and section 28 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1354). 
(c) L
ICENSING REQUIREMENTS DESCRIBED .— 
The licensing requirements described in this subsection are the licensing requirements applicable to crude oil produced in the United States under the Export Administra-tion Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. App. 2401 et seq.) (as in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). 
SA 38. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . CLARIFICATION OF OIL SANDS AS 
CRUDE OIL FOR EXCISE TAX PUR-POSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 
4612(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) C
RUDE OIL .—The term ‘crude oil’ in-
cludes crude oil condensates, natural gaso-line, bitumen, and bituminous mixtures.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (2) 
of section 4612(a) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘from a well located’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 39. Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. 
BARRASSO , and Mr. F LAKE ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. REGIONAL HAZE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Adminis-trator’’) shall not reject or disapprove, in whole or in part, a State implementation plan addressing any regional haze regulation of the Environmental Protection Agency (in-cluding the regulations described in sections 51.308 and 51.309 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations)), if— 
(1) the State— (A) has submitted to the Administrator a 
State implementation plan for regional haze that considers the factors identified in sec-tion 169A of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7491); and 
(B) substantially applied the relevant laws 
(including regulations) in determining the final plan to be selected; 
(2) the Administrator cannot demonstrate, 
using the best available science, that a Fed-eral implementation plan action governing a 
specific emissions source or emissions unit, when compared to the State plan, will result in greater than a 1.0 deciview improvement from any new emissions control in any single class I area (as classified under section 162 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7472)), based on a 3-year average of the maximum 98th-per-centile impact; or 
(3) implementation of the Federal imple-
mentation plan, when compared to the State plan, will result in an economic cost to the State or to the private sector of greater than $100,000,000 in any fiscal year or $300,000,000 in the aggregate. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section applies to 
all State implementation plans described in subsection (a) submitted to the Adminis-trator before, on, or after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 40. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. F LAKE ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to ap-prove the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. ELIMINATION OF CORN ETHANOL MAN-
DATE FOR RENEWABLE FUEL. 
(a) R EMOVAL OF TABLE .—Section 
211(o)(2)(B)(i) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7545(o)(2)(B)(i)) is amended by striking sub-clause (I). 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
211(o)(2)(B) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7545(o)(2)(B)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i)— (A) by redesignating subclauses (II) 
through (IV) as subclauses (I) through (III), respectively; 
(B) in subclause (I) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘of the volume of renewable fuel re-quired under subclause (I),’’; and 
(C) in subclauses (II) and (III) (as so redes-
ignated), by striking ‘‘subclause (II)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subclause (I)’’; and 
(2) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘clause 
(i)(IV)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i)(III)’’. 
(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—Nothing in this sec-
tion or the amendments made by this section affects the volumes of advanced biofuel, cel-lulosic biofuel, or biomass-based diesel that are required under section 211(o) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7545(o)). 
SA 41. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. 
CASEY , and Mr. H ATCH ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. STANDARDS FOR COAL REFUSE POWER 
PLANTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) 19th-century mining operations left be-
hind more than 2,000,000,000 tons of coal refuse on surface land in various coal mining regions of the United States; 
(2) coal refuse piles— (A) pose significant environmental risks; (B) have contaminated more than 180,000 
acres of land and streams; and 
(C) are susceptible to fires that endanger 
public health and emit an estimated 9,000,000 tons of carbon dioxide each year, in addition to other uncontrolled pollutants; 
(3) the Environmental Protection Agency, 
the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, and the Department of En-vironmental Protection of the State of Penn-sylvania recognize the significant public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.013 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S242 January 16, 2015 
health benefits of power plants that use coal 
refuse as fuel; 
(4) since the inception of coal refuse power 
plants, the plants have removed 210,000,000 tons of coal refuse and restored 8,200 acres of contaminated land; and 
(5) due to the unique nature of coal refuse 
and the power plants that use coal refuse as a fuel, those plants face distinct economic and technical obstacles to achieving compli-ance with regulatory standards established for traditional coal-fired power plants. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF COAL REFUSE .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘coal refuse’’ means any byproduct of coal mining, physical coal cleaning, or coal preparation operations that contains coal, matrix material, clay, and other organic and inorganic material. 
(c) E
MISSION LIMITATIONS FOR CERTAIN  
ELECTRIC UTILITY STEAM GENERATING  
UNITS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The general emission lim-
itations established by the Environmental Protection Agency in the final rule entitled ‘‘Federal Implementation Plans: Interstate Transport of Fine Particulate Matter and Ozone and Correction of SIP Approvals’’ (76 Fed. Reg. 48208 (August 8, 2011)) (or a suc-cessor regulation) shall not apply to an elec-tric utility steam generating unit described in paragraph (3). 
(2) H
YDROGEN CHLORIDE AND SULFUR DIOX -
IDE.—The emission limitations for hydrogen 
chloride and sulfur dioxide contained in table 2 of subpart UUUUU of part 63 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), entitled ‘‘Emission Limits for Existing EGUs’’ shall not apply to an elec-tric utility steam generating unit described in paragraph (3). 
(3) D
ESCRIPTION OF ELECTRIC UTILITY STEAM  
GENERATING UNITS .—An electric utility 
steam generating unit referred to in para-graphs (1) and (2) is an electric utility steam generating unit that— 
(A) is in operation as of the date of enact-
ment of this Act; 
(B) uses fluidized bed combustion tech-
nology to convert coal refuse into energy; and 
(C) uses coal refuse as at least 50 percent of 
the annual fuel consumed, by weight, of the unit. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Act, this section takes effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 42. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. STUDY REQUIRED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) S TUDY REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study on the possible im-pediments to transitioning the entire Fed-eral fleet (as that term is defined in section 303(b)(3) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13212(b)(3)) and vehicles of the United States Postal Service to vehicles fueled by natural gas. 
(2) C
RITERIA .—The study required under 
paragraph (1) shall specifically examine— 
(A) the status of refueling infrastructure; (B) the ability of private vendors to supply 
adequate numbers of natural gas vehicles, in-cluding the necessary accessories; and 
(C) any new maintenance requirements, in-
cluding technical training for employees of the Federal Government, that the transition would require. (b) R
EPORT .—On completion of the study 
required under subsection (a), the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study. 
SA 43. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and 
Mr. D ONNELLY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE II—NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘North 
American Energy Infrastructure Act’’. 
SEC. 202. FINDING. 
Congress finds that the United States 
should establish a more uniform, trans-parent, and modern process for the construc-tion, connection, operation, and mainte-nance of oil and natural gas pipelines and electric transmission facilities for the im-port and export of oil and natural gas and the transmission of electricity to and from Canada and Mexico, in pursuit of a more se-cure and efficient North American energy market. 
SEC. 203. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN ENERGY 
INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS AT THE NATIONAL BOUNDARY OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Except as provided in 
subsection (c) and section 207, no person may construct, connect, operate, or maintain a cross-border segment of an oil pipeline or electric transmission facility for the import or export of oil or the transmission of elec-tricity to or from Canada or Mexico without obtaining a certificate of crossing for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of the cross-border segment under this section. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATE OF CROSSING .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 120 days 
after final action is taken under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to a cross- border segment for which a request is re-ceived under this section, the relevant offi-cial identified under paragraph (2), in con-sultation with appropriate Federal agencies, shall issue a certificate of crossing for the cross-border segment unless the relevant of-ficial finds that the construction, connec-tion, operation, or maintenance of the cross- border segment is not in the public interest of the United States. 
(2) R
ELEVANT OFFICIAL .—The relevant offi-
cial referred to in paragraph (1) is— 
(A) the Secretary of State with respect to 
oil pipelines; and 
(B) the Secretary of Energy with respect to 
electric transmission facilities. 
(3) A DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT FOR ELECTRIC  
TRANSMISSION FACILITIES .—In the case of a 
request for a certificate of crossing for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of a cross-border segment of an electric transmission facility, the Secretary of Energy shall require, as a condition of issuing the certificate of crossing for the re-quest under paragraph (1), that the cross- border segment of the electric transmission facility be constructed, connected, operated, or maintained consistent with all applicable policies and standards of— (A) the Electric Reliability Organization 
and the applicable regional entity; and 
(B) any Regional Transmission Organiza-
tion or Independent System Operator with operational or functional control over the cross-border segment of the electric trans-mission facility. 
(c) E
XCLUSIONS .—This section shall not 
apply to any construction, connection, oper-ation, or maintenance of a cross-border seg-ment of an oil pipeline or electric trans-mission facility for the import or export of oil or the transmission of electricity to or from Canada or Mexico— 
(1) if the cross-border segment is operating 
for such import, export, or transmission as of the date of enactment of this Act; 
(2) if a permit described in section 206 for 
such construction, connection, operation, or maintenance has been issued; 
(3) if a certificate of crossing for such con-
struction, connection, operation, or mainte-nance has previously been issued under this section; or 
(4) if an application for a permit described 
in section 206 for such construction, connec-tion, operation, or maintenance is pending on the date of enactment of this Act, until the earlier of— 
(A) the date on which such application is 
denied; or 
(B) July 1, 2016. 
(d) E
FFECT OF OTHER LAWS.— 
(1) A PPLICATION TO PROJECTS .—Nothing in 
this section or section 207 shall affect the ap-plication of any other Federal statute to a project for which a certificate of crossing for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of a cross-border segment is sought under this section. 
(2) E
NERGY POLICY AND CONSERVATION  
ACT.—Nothing in this section or section 207 
shall affect the authority of the President under section 103(a) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act. 
SEC. 204. IMPORTATION OR EXPORTATION OF 
NATURAL GAS TO CANADA AND MEX-ICO. 
Section 3(c) of the Natural Gas Act (15 
U.S.C. 717b(c)) is amended— 
(1) by striking, ‘‘For purposes of subsection 
(a) of this section’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-
section (a)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
EADLINE FOR APPROVAL OF APPLICA -
TIONS RELATING TO CANADA AND MEXICO .—In 
the case of an application for the importa-tion or exportation of natural gas to or from Canada or Mexico, the Commission shall ap-prove the application not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of the application.’’. 
SEC. 205. TRANSMISSION OF ELECTRIC ENERGY 
TO CANADA AND MEXICO. 
(a) R EPEAL OF REQUIREMENT TOSECURE  
ORDER .—Section 202(e) of the Federal Power 
Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(e)) is repealed. 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S TATE REGULATIONS .—Section 202(f) of 
the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘insofar as such State regulation does not conflict with the exer-cise of the Commission’s powers under or re-lating to subsection 202(e)’’. 
(2) S
EASONAL DIVERSITY ELECTRICITY EX -
CHANGE .—Section 602(b) of the Public Utility 
Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 824a–4(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Com-mission has conducted hearings and made the findings required under section 202(e) of the Federal Power Act’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘the Secretary has conducted hearings and finds that the proposed transmission facili-ties would not impair the sufficiency of elec-tric supply within the United States or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.013 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S243 January 16, 2015 
would not impede or tend to impede the co-
ordination in the public interest of facilities subject to the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary.’’. 
SEC. 206. NO PRESIDENTIAL PERMIT REQUIRED. 
No Presidential permit (or similar permit) 
required under Executive Order No. 13337 (3 U.S.C. 301 note), Executive Order No. 11423 (3 U.S.C. 301 note), section 301 of title 3, United States Code, Executive Order No. 12038, Exec-utive Order No. 10485, or any other Executive order shall be necessary for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of an oil or natural gas pipeline or electric trans-mission facility, or any cross-border segment thereof. 
SEC. 207. MODIFICATIONS TO EXISTING 
PROJECTS. 
No certificate of crossing under section 203, 
or permit described in section 206, shall be required for a modification to the construc-tion, connection, operation, or maintenance of an oil or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility— 
(1) that is operating for the import or ex-
port of oil or natural gas or the transmission of electricity to or from Canada or Mexico as of the date of enactment of the Act; 
(2) for which a permit described in section 
206 for such construction, connection, oper-ation, or maintenance has been issued; or 
(3) for which a certificate of crossing for 
the cross-border segment of the pipeline or facility has previously been issued under sec-tion 203. 
SEC. 208. EFFECTIVE DATE; RULEMAKING DEAD-
LINES. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—Sections 203 through 
207, and the amendments made by such sec-tions, shall take effect on July 1, 2015. 
(b) R
ULEMAKING DEADLINES .—Each relevant 
official described in section 203(b)(2) shall— 
(1) not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, publish in the Federal Register notice of a proposed rulemaking to carry out the applicable requirements of sec-tion 203; and 
(2) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, publish in the Federal Register a final rule to carry out the applica-ble requirements of section 203. 
SEC. 209. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘cross-border segment’’ means 
the portion of an oil or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility that is lo-cated at the national boundary of the United States with either Canada or Mexico; 
(2) the term ‘‘modification’’ includes a 
change in ownership, volume expansion, downstream or upstream interconnection, or adjustment to maintain flow (such as a re-duction or increase in the number of pump or compressor stations); 
(3) the term ‘‘natural gas’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 2 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717a); 
(4) the term ‘‘oil’’ means petroleum or a 
petroleum product; 
(5) the terms ‘‘Electric Reliability Organi-
zation’’ and ‘‘regional entity’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 215 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o); and 
(6) the terms ‘‘Independent System Oper-
ator’’ and ‘‘Regional Transmission Organiza-tion’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 796). 
SA 44. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTION OF EXISTING GRAZING 
RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any rule 
or regulation of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, within the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument, in areas administered by the Bureau of Land Management, any grazing of livestock that was established as of September 17, 1996, or the date that is 1 day before the designation of the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument in accordance with Presidential Proclamation Number 6920 (whichever is earlier), and any grazing of livestock that has been estab-lished since that date, shall be allowed to continue subject to such reasonable regula-tions, policies, and practices as the Sec-retary of the Interior considers to be nec-essary, on the condition that the Secretary shall allow the grazing levels to continue at current levels to the maximum extent prac-ticable. 
(b) P
ERMITS .—In carrying out subsection 
(a), the Secretary of the Interior may issue new permits (or renew permits) for the graz-ing of livestock in the areas described in sub-section (a). 
SA 45. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PRIORITIZATION OF CERTAIN FEDERAL 
REVENUES. 
Section 35 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 
U.S.C. 191) is amended— 
(1) by striking the section designation and 
all that follows through ‘‘All money re-ceived’’ in the first sentence of subsection (a) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 35. DISPOSITION OF MONEY RECEIVED. 
‘‘(a) D ISPOSITION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—All money received’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the second sentence, by striking 
‘‘All moneys received’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNTS TO MISCELLANEOUS RE -
CEIPTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—All money received’’; 
(B) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Pay-
ments to States’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(3) D
EADLINES .—Payments to States’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2) (as designated by sub-
paragraph (A)), by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(B) P
RIORITIZATION OF REVENUES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Act, if, after the date of enactment of the Keystone XL Pipeline Act, the Secretary or Congress increases a royalty rate under this Act (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Keystone XL Pipeline Act), of the amount described in clause (ii), there shall be depos-ited annually in a special account in the Treasury only such funds as are necessary to fulfill the staffing requirements of the agen-cies responsible for activities relating to— ‘‘(I) coordinating or permitting Federal oil 
and gas leases; 
‘‘(II) permits to drill and applications for 
permits to drill (APDs); and 
‘‘(III) compliance with the National Envi-
ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF AMOUNT .—The amount 
referred to in clause (i) is an amount equal to the difference between— 
‘‘(I) the amounts credited to miscellaneous 
receipts under paragraph (1), taking into ac-count the increased royalty rate under this Act, as described in clause (i); and 
‘‘(II) the amounts credited to miscella-
neous receipts under paragraph (1), as in ef-fect on the day before the effective date of such an increased royalty rate.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting the clauses appropriately; 
(B) by striking ‘‘(2) Of’’ and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Of’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) P
RIORITIZATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Act, if, after the date of enactment of the Keystone XL Pipeline Act, the Secretary or Congress increases a rental rate under this Act (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Key-stone XL Pipeline Act), of the money depos-ited in the Fund under subparagraph (A)(ii), only such funds as are necessary from the amount described in clause (ii) shall be used to fulfill the staffing requirements of the agencies responsible for activities relating to— 
‘‘(I) coordinating or permitting Federal oil 
and gas leases; 
‘‘(II) permits to drill and applications for 
permits to drill (APDs); and 
‘‘(III) compliance with the National Envi-
ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF AMOUNT .—The amount 
referred to in clause (i) is an amount equal to the difference between— 
‘‘(I) the amounts deposited in the Fund 
under subparagraph (A)(ii), taking into ac-count the increased rental rate under this Act, as described in clause (i); and 
‘‘(II) the amounts of the money deposited 
in the Fund under subparagraph (A)(ii), as in effect on the day before the effective date of such an increased rental rate.’’. 
SA 46. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . STATE AUTHORITY FOR HYDRAULIC 
FRACTURING REGULATION. 
The Mineral Leasing Act is amended— 
(1) by redesignating section 44 (30 U.S.C. 
181 note) as section 45; and 
(2) by inserting after section 43 (30 U.S.C. 
226–3) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 44. STATE AUTHORITY FOR HYDRAULIC 
FRACTURING REGULATION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF HYDRAULIC FRAC-
TURING .—In this section the term ‘hydraulic 
fracturing’ means the process by which frac-turing fluids (or a fracturing fluid system) are pumped into an underground geologic formation at a calculated, predetermined rate and pressure to generate fractures or cracks in the target formation and, as a re-sult, increase the permeability of the rock near the wellbore and improve production of natural gas or oil. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.019 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S244 January 16, 2015 
‘‘(b) P ROHIBITION .—The Secretary of the In-
terior shall not enforce any Federal regula-tion, guidance, or permit requirement re-garding hydraulic fracturing, or any compo-nent of hydraulic fracturing, relating to oil, gas, or geothermal production activities on or under any land in any State that has reg-ulations, guidance, or permit requirements for hydraulic fracturing. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
shall recognize and defer to State regula-tions, guidance, and permitting for all ac-tivities regarding hydraulic fracturing, or any component of hydraulic fracturing, re-lating to oil, gas, or geothermal production activities on Federal land regardless of whether the regulations, guidance, and per-mitting are duplicative, more or less restric-tive, have different requirements, or do not meet Federal regulations, guidance, or per-mit requirements.’’. 
SA 47. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR 
PINYON-JUNIPER TREE REMOVAL. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, a vegetation management project by the Director of the Bureau of Land Management or the Chief of the Forest Service involving removal or treatment of any Pinyon or Juni-per tree for the purpose of conserving or re-storing the habitat of the greater sage– grouse or mule deer shall be eligible to be a categorical exclusion (as defined in section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation)) for purposes of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
SA 48. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. DEFINITION OF UNDERGROUND INJEC-
TION. 
Section 1421(d)(1) of the Safe Drinking 
Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300h(d)(1)) is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) includes the underground injection of 
natural gas for purposes of storage.’’. 
SA 49. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, 
Mr. T ESTER , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Ms. W ARREN , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mr. U DALL , Ms. S TABENOW , and Mr. 
MURPHY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , 
Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 
1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-line; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. ll. PROTECTING THE UNITED STATES 
POSTAL SERVICE. 
(a) M ORATORIUM ON CLOSING OR CONSOLI -
DATING POSTAL FACILITIES .—During the 2- 
year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act, the United States Postal Service may not close or consolidate any processing and distribution center, proc-essing and distribution facility, network dis-tribution center, or other facility that is op-erated by the United States Postal Service, the primary function of which is to sort and process mail. 
(b) M
ORATORIUM ON CHANGES TO SERVICE  
STANDARDS .—During the 2-year period begin-
ning on the date of enactment of this Act, the United States Postal Service shall apply the service standards for first-class mail and periodicals under part 121 of title 39, Code of Federal Regulations, that were in effect on July 1, 2012. 
SA 50. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . CLARIFICATION OF TAR SANDS AS 
CRUDE OIL FOR EXCISE TAX PUR-POSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 
4612(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) C
RUDE OIL .—The term ‘crude oil’ in-
cludes— 
‘‘(A) crude oil condensates and natural gas-
oline, and 
‘‘(B) in the case of any calendar quarter be-
ginning more than 60 days after the date on which the certification under subsection (g) is made, synthetic petroleum, any bitumen or bituminous mixture, any oil derived from a bitumen or bituminous mixture, and any oil derived from kerogen-bearing sources.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (2) 
of section 4612(a) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new sen-tence: ‘‘In the case of any calendar quarter beginning more than 60 days after the date on which the certification under subsection (g) is made, the preceding sentence shall be applied without regard to whether the crude oil is produced from a well.’’. 
(c) C
ERTIFICATION THATMODIFICATION WILL 
NOTINCREASE PRICE OF GASOLINE .—Section 
4612 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(g) S
PECIAL RULERELATING TO DEFINITION  
OFCRUDE OIL.—The Secretary shall not 
make a certification under this subsection unless the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce, determines that the provisions of subparagraph (B) of sub-section (a)(1) and the second sentence of sub-section (a)(2) will not result in any increase in the retail price of gasoline in the United States.’’. 
SA 51. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE II—METAL THEFT 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Metal Theft 
Prevention Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘critical infrastructure’’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 1016(e) of the USA PATRIOT Act (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e)); (2) the term ‘‘recycling agent’’ means any 
person engaged in the business of purchasing specified metal for reuse or recycling, with-out regard to whether that person is engaged in the business of recycling or otherwise processing the purchased specified metal for reuse; and 
(3) the term ‘‘specified metal’’ means 
metal that— 
(A)(i) is marked with the name, logo, or 
initials of a city, county, State, or Federal government entity, a railroad, an electric, gas, or water company, a telephone com-pany, a cable company, a retail establish-ment, a beer supplier or distributor, or a public utility; or 
(ii) has been altered for the purpose of re-
moving, concealing, or obliterating a name, logo, or initials described in clause (i) through burning or cutting of wire sheathing or other means; or 
(B) is part of— (i) a street light pole or street light fix-
ture; 
(ii) a road or bridge guard rail; (iii) a highway or street sign; (iv) a water meter cover; (v) a storm water grate; (vi) unused or undamaged building con-
struction or utility material; 
(vii) a historical marker; (viii) a grave marker or cemetery urn; (ix) a utility access cover; or (x) a container used to transport or store 
beer with a capacity of 5 gallons or more; 
(C) is a wire or cable commonly used by 
communications and electrical utilities; or 
(D) is copper, aluminum, and other metal 
(including any metal combined with other materials) that is valuable for recycling or reuse as raw metal, except for— 
(i) aluminum cans; and (ii) motor vehicles, the purchases of which 
are reported to the National Motor Vehicle Title Information System (established under section 30502 of title 49, United States Code). 
SEC. 203. THEFT OF SPECIFIED METAL. 
(a) O FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful to know-
ingly steal specified metal— 
(1) being used in or affecting interstate or 
foreign commerce; and 
(2) the theft of which is from and harms 
critical infrastructure. 
(b) P ENALTY .—Any person who commits an 
offense described in subsection (a) shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, im-prisoned not more than 10 years, or both. 
SEC. 204. DOCUMENTATION OF OWNERSHIP OR 
AUTHORITY TO SELL. 
(a) O FFENSES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for a recy-cling agent to purchase specified metal de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 202(3), unless— 
(A) the seller, at the time of the trans-
action, provides documentation of ownership of, or other proof of the authority of the sell-er to sell, the specified metal; and 
(B) there is a reasonable basis to believe 
that the documentation or other proof of au-thority provided under subparagraph (A) is valid. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to a recycling agent that is subject to a State or local law that sets forth a require-ment on recycling agents to obtain docu-mentation of ownership or proof of authority to sell specified metal before purchasing specified metal. 
(3) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF RECYCLING AGENT .—A 
recycling agent is not required to independ-ently verify the validity of the documenta-tion or other proof of authority described in paragraph (1). 
(4) P
URCHASE OF STOLEN METAL .—It shall be 
unlawful for a recycling agent to purchase 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.019 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S245 January 16, 2015 
any specified metal that the recycling 
agent— 
(A) knows to be stolen; or (B) should know or believe, based upon 
commercial experience and practice, to be stolen. 
(b) C
IVIL PENALTY .—A person who know-
ingly violates subsection (a) shall be subject to a civil penalty of not more than $10,000 for each violation. 
SEC. 205. TRANSACTION REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) R ECORDING REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), a recycling agent shall main-tain a written or electronic record of each purchase of specified metal. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to a recycling agent that is subject to a State or local law that sets forth recording requirements that are substantially similar to the requirements described in paragraph (3) for the purchase of specified metal. 
(3) C
ONTENTS .—A record under paragraph 
(1) shall include— 
(A) the name and address of the recycling 
agent; and 
(B) for each purchase of specified metal— (i) the date of the transaction; (ii) a description of the specified metal 
purchased using widely used and accepted in-dustry terminology; 
(iii) the amount paid by the recycling 
agent; 
(iv) the name and address of the person to 
which the payment was made; 
(v) the name of the person delivering the 
specified metal to the recycling agent, in-cluding a distinctive number from a Federal or State government-issued photo identifica-tion card and a description of the type of the identification; and 
(vi) the license plate number and State-of- 
issue, make, and model, if available, of the vehicle used to deliver the specified metal to the recycling agent. 
(4) R
EPEAT SELLERS .—A recycling agent 
may comply with the requirements of this subsection with respect to a purchase of specified metal from a person from which the recycling agent has previously purchased specified metal by— 
(A) reference to the existing record relat-
ing to the seller; and 
(B) recording any information for the 
transaction that is different from the record relating to the previous purchase from that person. 
(5) R
ECORD RETENTION PERIOD .—A recycling 
agent shall maintain any record required under this subsection for not less than 2 years after the date of the transaction to which the record relates. 
(6) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—Any information col-
lected or retained under this section may be disclosed to any Federal, State, or local law enforcement authority or as otherwise di-rected by a court of law. 
(b) P
URCHASES IN EXCESS OF $100.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), a recycling agent may not pay cash for a single purchase of specified metal of more than $100. For purposes of this para-graph, more than 1 purchase in any 48-hour period from the same seller shall be consid-ered to be a single purchase. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to a recycling agent that is subject to a State or local law that sets forth a max-imum amount for cash payments for the pur-chase of specified metal. 
(3) P
AYMENT METHOD .— 
(A) O CCASIONAL SELLERS .—Except as pro-
vided in subparagraph (B), for any purchase of specified metal of more than $100 a recy-cling agent shall make payment by check that— 
(i) is payable to the seller; and (ii) includes the name and address of the 
seller. 
(B) E
STABLISHED COMMERCIAL TRANS -
ACTIONS .—A recycling agent may make pay-
ments for a purchase of specified metal of more than $100 from a governmental or com-mercial supplier of specified metal with which the recycling agent has an established commercial relationship by electronic funds transfer or other established commercial transaction payment method through a com-mercial bank if the recycling agent main-tains a written record of the payment that identifies the seller, the amount paid, and the date of the purchase. 
(c) C
IVIL PENALTY .—A person who know-
ingly violates subsection (a) or (b) shall be subject to a civil penalty of not more than $5,000 for each violation, except that a person who commits a minor violation shall be sub-ject to a penalty of not more than $1,000. 
SEC. 206. ENFORCEMENT BY ATTORNEY GEN-
ERAL. 
The Attorney General may bring an en-
forcement action in an appropriate United States district court against any person that engages in conduct that violates this title. 
SEC. 207. ENFORCEMENT BY STATE ATTORNEYS 
GENERAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An attorney general or 
equivalent regulator of a State may bring a civil action in the name of the State, as parens patriae on behalf of natural persons residing in the State, in any district court of the United States or other competent court having jurisdiction over the defendant, to se-cure monetary or equitable relief for a viola-tion of this title. 
(b) N
OTICE REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 
days before the date on which an action under subsection (a) is filed, the attorney general or equivalent regulator of the State involved shall provide to the Attorney Gen-eral— 
(1) written notice of the action; and (2) a copy of the complaint for the action. 
(c) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ACTION .—Upon re-
ceiving notice under subsection (b), the At-torney General shall have the right— 
(1) to intervene in the action; (2) upon so intervening, to be heard on all 
matters arising therein; 
(3) to remove the action to an appropriate 
district court of the United States; and 
(4) to file petitions for appeal. 
(d) P
ENDING FEDERAL PROCEEDINGS .—If a 
civil action has been instituted by the Attor-ney General for a violation of this title, no State may, during the pendency of the ac-tion instituted by the Attorney General, in-stitute a civil action under this title against any defendant named in the complaint in the civil action for any violation alleged in the complaint. 
(e) C
ONSTRUCTION .—For purposes of bring-
ing a civil action under subsection (a), noth-ing in this section regarding notification shall be construed to prevent the attorney general or equivalent regulator of the State from exercising any powers conferred under the laws of that State to— 
(1) conduct investigations; (2) administer oaths or affirmations; or (3) compel the attendance of witnesses or 
the production of documentary and other evidence. 
SEC. 208. DIRECTIVE TO SENTENCING COMMIS-
SION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Pursuant to its authority 
under section 994 of title 28, United States Code, and in accordance with this section, the United States Sentencing Commission, shall review and, if appropriate, amend the Federal Sentencing Guidelines and policy statements applicable to a person convicted of a criminal violation of section 203 of this Act or any other Federal criminal law based on the theft of specified metal by such per-
son. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out this 
section, the Sentencing Commission shall— 
(1) ensure that the sentencing guidelines 
and policy statements reflect the— 
(A) serious nature of the theft of specified 
metal; and 
(B) need for an effective deterrent and ap-
propriate punishment to prevent such theft; 
(2) consider the extent to which the guide-
lines and policy statements appropriately account for— 
(A) the potential and actual harm to the 
public from the offense, including any dam-age to critical infrastructure; 
(B) the amount of loss, or the costs associ-
ated with replacement or repair, attributable to the offense; 
(C) the level of sophistication and planning 
involved in the offense; and 
(D) whether the offense was intended to or 
had the effect of creating a threat to public health or safety, injury to another person, or death; 
(3) account for any additional aggravating 
or mitigating circumstances that may jus-tify exceptions to the generally applicable sentencing ranges; 
(4) assure reasonable consistency with 
other relevant directives and with other sen-tencing guidelines and policy statements; and 
(5) assure that the sentencing guidelines 
and policy statements adequately meet the purposes of sentencing as set forth in section 3553(a)(2) of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 209. STATE AND LOCAL LAW NOT PRE-
EMPTED. 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to 
preempt any State or local law regulating the sale or purchase of specified metal, the reporting of such transactions, or any other aspect of the metal recycling industry. 
SEC. 210. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title shall take effect 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 52. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself 
and Mr. H OEVEN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll . ENERGY EFFICIENCY RETROFIT 
PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPLICANT .—The term ‘‘applicant’’ 
means a nonprofit organization that applies for a grant under this section. 
(2) E
NERGY -EFFICIENCY IMPROVEMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘energy-effi-
ciency improvement’’ means an installed measure (including a product, equipment, system, service, or practice) that results in a reduction in use by a nonprofit organization for energy or fuel supplied from outside the nonprofit building. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘energy-effi-
ciency improvement’’ includes an installed measure described in subparagraph (A) in-volving— 
(i) repairing, replacing, or installing— (I) a roof or lighting system, or component 
of a roof or lighting system; 
(II) a window; (III) a door, including a security door; or (IV) a heating, ventilation, or air condi-
tioning system or component of the system 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.015 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S246 January 16, 2015 
(including insulation and wiring and plumb-
ing improvements needed to serve a more ef-ficient system); 
(ii) a renewable energy generation or heat-
ing system, including a solar, photovoltaic, wind, geothermal, or biomass (including wood pellet) system or component of the sys-tem; and 
(iii) any other measure taken to mod-
ernize, renovate, or repair a nonprofit build-ing to make the nonprofit building more en-ergy efficient. 
(3) N
ONPROFIT BUILDING .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘nonprofit 
building’’ means a building operated and owned by a nonprofit organization. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘nonprofit 
building’’ includes a building described in subparagraph (A) that is— 
(i) a hospital; (ii) a youth center; (iii) a school; (iv) a social-welfare program facility; (v) a faith-based organization; and (vi) any other nonresidential and non-
commercial structure. 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Energy. 
(b) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a pilot program to award grants for the purpose of retrofitting nonprofit buildings with energy-efficiency improvements. 
(c) G
RANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may award 
grants under the program established under subsection (b). 
(2) A
PPLICATION .—The Secretary may 
award a grant under this section if an appli-cant submits to the Secretary an application at such time, in such form, and containing such information as the Secretary may pre-scribe. 
(3) C
RITERIA FOR GRANT .—In determining 
whether to award a grant under this section, the Secretary shall apply performance-based criteria, which shall give priority to applica-tions based on— 
(A) the energy savings achieved; (B) the cost-effectiveness of the energy-ef-
ficiency improvement; 
(C) an effective plan for evaluation, meas-
urement, and verification of energy savings; 
(D) the financial need of the applicant; and (E) the percentage of the matching con-
tribution by the applicant. 
(4) L
IMITATION ON INDIVIDUAL GRANT  
AMOUNT .—Each grant awarded under this sec-
tion shall not exceed— 
(A) an amount equal to 50 percent of the 
energy-efficiency improvement; and 
(B) $200,000. (5) C
OST SHARING .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded under 
this section shall be subject to a minimum non-Federal cost-sharing requirement of 50 percent. 
(B) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—The non-Fed-
eral share may be provided in the form of in- kind contributions of materials or services. 
(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, to remain available until expended. 
(e) O
FFSET .—Section 942(f) of the Energy 
Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16251(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘$250,000,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$200,000,000’’. 
SA 53. Mr. WARNER (for himself and 
Mr. A LEXANDER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. QUADRENNIAL ENERGY REVIEW. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the President’s Council of Advisors on 
Science and Technology recommends that the United States develop a Governmentwide Federal energy policy and update the policy regularly with strategic Quadrennial Energy Reviews similar to the reviews conducted by the Department of Defense; 
(2) as the lead agency in support of energy 
science and technology innovation, the De-partment of Energy has conducted a Quad-rennial Technology Review of the energy technology policies and programs of the De-partment; 
(3) the Quadrennial Technology Review of 
the Department of Energy serves as the basis for coordination with other agencies and on other programs for which the Department has a key role; 
(4) a Quadrennial Energy Review would— (A) establish integrated, Governmentwide 
national energy objectives in the context of economic, environmental, and security pri-orities; 
(B) coordinate actions across Federal agen-
cies; 
(C) identify the resources needed for the in-
vention, adoption, and diffusion of energy technologies; and 
(D) provide a strong analytical base for 
Federal energy policy decisions; 
(5) a Quadrennial Energy Review should be 
established taking into account estimated Federal budgetary resources; 
(6) the development of an energy policy re-
sulting from a Quadrennial Energy Review would— 
(A) enhance the energy security of the 
United States; 
(B) create jobs; and (C) mitigate environmental harm; and (7) while a Quadrennial Energy Review will 
be a product of the executive branch, the re-view will have substantial input from— 
(A) Congress; (B) the energy industry; (C) academia; (D) nongovernmental organizations; and (E) the public. 
(b) Q
UADRENNIAL ENERGY REVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 801 of the Depart-
ment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7321) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 801. QUADRENNIAL ENERGY REVIEW. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) D IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means 
the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy within the Executive Of-fice of the President. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL LABORATORY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘Federal Lab-
oratory’ has the meaning given the term ‘laboratory’ in section 12(d) of the Steven-son-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a(d)). 
‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘Federal Lab-
oratory’ includes a federally funded research and development center sponsored by a Fed-eral agency. 
‘‘(3) I
NTERAGENCY ENERGY COORDINATION  
COUNCIL .—The term ‘interagency energy co-
ordination council’ means a council estab-lished under subsection (b)(1). 
‘‘(4) Q
UADRENNIAL ENERGY REVIEW .—The 
term ‘Quadrennial Energy Review’ means a comprehensive multiyear review, coordi-nated across Federal agencies, that— ‘‘(A) focuses on energy programs and tech-
nologies; 
‘‘(B) establishes energy objectives across 
the Federal Government; and 
‘‘(C) covers each of the areas described in 
subsection (d)(2). 
‘‘(b) I
NTERAGENCY ENERGY COORDINATION  
COUNCIL .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of enactment of the Key-stone XL Pipeline Approval Act, and every 4 years thereafter, the President shall estab-lish an interagency energy coordination council to coordinate the Quadrennial En-ergy Review. 
‘‘(2) C
O-CHAIRPERSONS .—The appropriate 
senior Federal Government official des-ignated by the President and the Director shall be co-chairpersons of the interagency energy coordination council. 
‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .—The interagency energy 
coordination council shall be comprised of representatives at level I or II of the Execu-tive Schedule of— 
‘‘(A) the Department of Energy; ‘‘(B) the Department of Commerce; ‘‘(C) the Department of Defense; ‘‘(D) the Department of State; ‘‘(E) the Department of the Interior; ‘‘(F) the Department of Agriculture; ‘‘(G) the Department of the Treasury; ‘‘(H) the Department of Transportation; ‘‘(I) the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(J) the National Science Foundation; ‘‘(K) the Environmental Protection Agen-
cy; and 
‘‘(L) such other Federal organizations, de-
partments, and agencies that the President considers to be appropriate. 
‘‘(c) C
ONDUCT OF REVIEW .—Each Quadren-
nial Energy Review shall be conducted to provide an integrated view of important na-tional energy objectives and Federal energy policy, including the maximum practicable alignment of research programs, incentives, regulations, and partnerships. 
‘‘(d) S
UBMISSION OF QUADRENNIAL ENERGY  
REVIEW TO CONGRESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than August 1, 
2016, and every 4 years thereafter, the Presi-dent shall publish and submit to Congress a report on the Quadrennial Energy Review. 
‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The report described in 
paragraph (1) should include, as appro-priate— 
‘‘(A) an integrated view of short-, inter-
mediate-, and long-term objectives for Fed-eral energy policy in the context of eco-nomic, environmental, and security prior-ities; 
‘‘(B) anticipated Federal actions (including 
programmatic, regulatory, and fiscal ac-tions) and resource requirements— 
‘‘(i) to achieve the objectives described in 
subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(ii) to be coordinated across multiple 
agencies; 
‘‘(C) an analysis of the prospective roles of 
parties (including academia, industry, con-sumers, the public, and Federal agencies) in achieving the objectives described in sub-paragraph (A), including— 
‘‘(i) an analysis, by energy use sector, in-
cluding— 
‘‘(I) commercial and residential buildings; ‘‘(II) the industrial sector; ‘‘(III) transportation; and ‘‘(IV) electric power; ‘‘(ii) requirements for invention, adoption, 
development, and diffusion of energy tech-nologies that are mapped onto each of the energy use sectors; and 
‘‘(iii) other research that inform strategies 
to incentivize desired actions; 
‘‘(D) an assessment of policy options to in-
crease domestic energy supplies and energy efficiency; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.016 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S247 January 16, 2015 
‘‘(E) an evaluation of energy storage, 
transmission, and distribution requirements, including requirements for renewable en-ergy; 
‘‘(F) an integrated plan for the involve-
ment of the Federal Laboratories in energy programs; 
‘‘(G) portfolio assessments that describe 
the optimal deployment of resources, includ-ing prioritizing financial resources for en-ergy programs; 
‘‘(H) a mapping of the linkages among 
basic research and applied programs, dem-onstration programs, and other innovation mechanisms across the Federal agencies; 
‘‘(I) an identification of, and projections 
for, demonstration projects, including time-frames, milestones, sources of funding, and management; 
‘‘(J) an identification of public and private 
funding needs for various energy tech-nologies, systems, and infrastructure, in-cluding consideration of public-private part-nerships, loans, and loan guarantees; 
‘‘(K) an assessment of global competitors 
and an identification of programs that can be enhanced with international cooperation; 
‘‘(L) an identification of policy gaps that 
need to be filled to accelerate the adoption and diffusion of energy technologies, includ-ing consideration of— 
‘‘(i) Federal tax policies; and ‘‘(ii) the role of Federal agencies as early 
adopters and purchasers of new energy tech-nologies; 
‘‘(M) a priority list for implementation of 
objectives and actions taking into account estimated Federal budgetary resources; 
‘‘(N) an analysis of— ‘‘(i) points of maximum leverage for policy 
intervention to achieve outcomes; and 
‘‘(ii) areas of energy policy that can be 
most effective in meeting national goals for the energy sector; and 
‘‘(O) recommendations for executive 
branch organization changes to facilitate the development and implementation of Federal energy policies. 
‘‘(e) I
NTERIM REPORTS .—The President may 
prepare and publish interim reports as part of the Quadrennial Energy Review. 
‘‘(f) E
XECUTIVE SECRETARIAT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall provide the Quadrennial Energy Review with an Executive Secretariat who shall make available the necessary analytical, fi-nancial, and administrative support for the conduct of each Quadrennial Energy Review required under this section. 
‘‘(2) C
OOPERATION .—The heads of applicable 
Federal agencies shall cooperate with the Secretary and provide such assistance, infor-mation, and resources as the Secretary may require to assist in carrying out this sec-tion.’’. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—Nothing in this sec-
tion or an amendment made by this section supersedes, modifies, amends, or repeals any provision of Federal law not expressly super-seded, modified, amended, or repealed by this section. 
SA 54. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. llll . ENSURING PERMANENT EXTENSION 
OF THE WIND PRODUCTION TAX CREDIT. 
This Act shall not take effect prior to the 
date that, pursuant to an Act of Congress, the credit allowed under section 45 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is permanently extended for facilities described in sub-section (d)(1) of such section. 
SA 55. Mr. PETERS (for himself and 
Ms. S TABENOW ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. STUDY OF BY-PRODUCT ENVIRON-
MENTAL IMPACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency shall complete and make pub-licly available on the Internet a study as-sessing the potential environmental impact of by-products generated from the refining of oil transported through the pipeline referred to in section (2)(a), including petroleum coke. 
(b) R
EPORT .—On completion of the study 
required under subsection (a), the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study, including a sum-mary of best practices for the transpor-tation, storage, and handling of petroleum coke. 
SA 56. Mr. TESTER (for himself and 
Mr. D AINES ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 3, between lines 19 and 20, insert 
the following: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON PROPOSED POWDER 
RIVER 3 LOW MILITARY OPER-ATIONS AREA. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may not 
approve the proposed Powder River 3 Low Military Operations Area (MOA), described in the final environmental impact statement for the Powder River Training Complex as ‘‘500 feet altitude above ground level (AGL) up to, but not including, 12,000 feet MSL’’ in the Powder River 3 section of the Powder River Training Complex. 
f 
NOTICE: REGISTRATION OF MASS 
MAILINGS 
The filing date for the 2014 fourth 
quarter Mass Mailing report is Mon-day, January 26, 2015. If your office did no mass mailings during this period, please submit a form that states ‘‘none.’’ 
Mass mailing registrations, or nega-
tive reports, should be submitted to the Senate Office of Public Records, 232 Hart Building, Washington, DC 20510– 7116. 
The Senate Office of Public Records 
will be open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. on the filing date to accept these filings. For further information, please contact 
the Senate Office of Public Records at (202) 224–0322. 
f 
AUTHORIZING SENATE LEGAL 
COUNSEL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 27, which was submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 27) to authorize testi-
mony and representation in United States of America v. Jeffrey A. Sterling. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, this 
resolution concerns a request for testi-mony in a criminal case under way in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. In this case, a former CIA officer has been charged with unlawfully disclosing classified information. In 2010, the Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 600, in the 111th Congress, which authorized the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence to provide evidence in the investigation that preceded this indictment. 
In addition to Senate Intelligence 
Committee staff, testimony as a fact witness has been requested from a former employee of the Senate Judici-ary Committee. The chairman and ranking minority member of the Judi-ciary Committee would like to cooper-ate with the request for testimony in this case. 
Accordingly, this resolution would 
authorize the former Judiciary Com-mittee employee to testify at trial with representation by the Senate Legal Counsel. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 27) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.) 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—H.R. 240 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading and, in order to place 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA6.016 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S248 January 16, 2015 
the bill on the calendar under the pro-
visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
AUTHORIZING APPOINTMENT OF 
ESCORT COMMITTEE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Pre-siding Officer of the Senate be author-ized to appoint a committee on the part of the Senate to join with a like committee on the part of the House of Representatives to escort the President of the United States into the House Chamber for the joint session to be held at 9 p.m. on Tuesday, January 20, 2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JANUARY 
20, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Jan-uary 20, 2015; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for 
their use later in the day; I further ask that the Senate then proceed to a pe-riod of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the Republicans controlling the final half; that following morning business, the Senate then resume con-sideration of S. 1; further, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference lunches. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Senators should 
anticipate votes on pending amend-ments to the bill starting shortly after lunch on Tuesday. Senators M
UR-
KOWSKI and C ANTWELL are working 
with Members on both sides of the aisle to debate and offer amendments to the bill. Now that we have overcome the Democratic filibuster on the motion to proceed to this bill, Senators are free to come to offer their amendments. The tree has not been filled and Chair-man M
URKOWSKI is managing an or-
derly process to alternate amendments between the two sides. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TUESDAY, 
JANUARY 20, 2015, AT 10 A.M. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 1:33 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, January 20, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
SECURITIES INVESTOR PROTECTION  
CORPORATION  
JOHN E. MENDEZ, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A DIRECTOR 
OF THE SECURITIES INVESTOR PROTECTION CORPORA-TION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2015, VICE SHARON Y. BOWEN, RESIGNED. 
JOHN E. MENDEZ, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A DIRECTOR 
OF THE SECURITIES INVESTOR PROTECTION CORPORA-TION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2018. (RE-APPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
ADEWALE ADEYEMO, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AN AS-
SISTANT SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY, VICE MARISA LAGO. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
BRIAN JAMES EGAN, OF MARYLAND, TO BE LEGAL AD-
VISER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE, VICE HAROLD HONGJU KOH, RESIGNED. 
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION  
AND DEVELOPMENT  
MATTHEW T. MCGUIRE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE UNITED STATES EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS, VICE IAN HODDY SOLOMON, TERM EXPIRED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G16JA6.027 S16JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E75 January 16, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 16, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, on January 6, I 
attended the funeral of the former Governor of New York, Mario Cuomo, in New York City. Consequently I missed several votes in the House of Representatives. 
I would like to submit how I intended to vote 
had I been present: 
On Roll Call 1, the Quorum Call of the 
House, I would have voted PRESENT. 
On Roll Call 2, the Election of the Speaker 
of the House of Representatives, I would have voted for Representative N
ANCY PELOSI of 
California. 
On Roll Call 3, to Table the Motion to Refer 
H. Res. 5, Adopting rules for the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, I would have voted NAY. 
On Roll Call 4, Ordering the Previous Ques-
tion on H. Res. 5, I would have voted NAY. 
On Roll Call 5, the Motion to Recommit H. 
Res. 5 with Instructions, I would have voted YEA. 
On Roll Call 6, Agreeing to H. Res. 5, I 
would have voted NAY. 
On Roll Call 7, the Motion to Suspend the 
Rules and Pass H.R. 22, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 16, 2015 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-
plain my vote on Wednesday, January 14, 2015 in opposition to H.R. 240, Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015. Although I support many aspects of this legis-lation, I was unable to support the final bill due to a number of troubling amendments. 
I am strongly in favor of funding the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security (DHS), especially with the risk of terrorism we currently face as a nation. I applaud many sections of the DHS funding bill, including increased funding from FY 2014 for Customs & Border Patrol (CBP), the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), and the Transportation Security Ad-ministration (TSA). 
However, there are a number of amend-
ments added to this bill which run the risk of tearing families apart, and I could not support the final bill. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 240) making ap-propriations for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2015, and for other purposes: 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong 
opposition to H.R. 240, the Homeland Security Appropriations Act of 2015. Without further ac-tion by Congress, the Department of Home-land Security (DHS) will face a shutdown on February 28, 2015. Everyone agrees DHS should receive robust funding to carry out their mission of keeping the American people safe, and I’m pleased to see there is bipartisan, bi-cameral agreement on funding levels for the agency. However, I am very disappointed that the Republican majority had decided to add poison-pill amendments to this legislation re-lated to the President’s actions on immigra-tion. This is putting the American people at risk and is unacceptable. 
Global tensions remain high following the 
terrorist attacks in France, and we should not be letting down our guard at this critical time. Yet this is exactly what we are doing by pass-ing H.R. 240 today. This legislation has no chance of being signed into law, as President Obama has already said he would veto the bill. If my friends on the other side of the aisle are so concerned about immigration, they should work with Democrats in a bipartisan manner on comprehensive immigration reform. I stand ready to work with them on this critical issue. 
I want to address the DeSantis Amendment 
to this legislation. As a woman who is active on domestic violence issues, I will always do everything in my power to protect victims of abuse. However, this amendment is mis-leading and I am afraid it could have unin-tended consequences if adopted. The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops stated that this amendment would discourage victims of domestic violence from reporting abuse to the proper authorities. I also spoke with domestic violence groups in Michigan, and they have pointed out the unintended consequences of this amendment as well. We need to make it easier to report incidents of domestic violence, not harder, which is why I am opposing the DeSantis amendment today. 
In the meantime, we should pass a clean 
DHS appropriations bill so the operations of this critical department can continue uninter-rupted. Their mission is simply too important to jeopardize. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing H.R. 240. PAYING TRIBUTE TO THE MEMORY 
OF LEMON HENRY MOSES, JR. 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 16, 2015 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-
ute to Lemon Henry Moses, Jr., a distin-guished community leader in Maryland’s Fifth District who passed away on December 10, 2014. He was 94 years old. 
Lemon Moses made history as the first Afri-
can-American to serve as Chairman of the Charles County Liquor Board. All of us who knew Lemon saw how deeply devoted he was to his family, his community, and his country. He gave so much of himself to all three, and he will be fondly remembered by the many whose lives he touched across Charles Coun-ty and Maryland. 
After growing up in Savannah, Georgia, 
Lemon moved to Pittsburgh in his youth and was a singer and tap dancer in a local Vaude-ville troupe called the ‘Kandy Kids,’ where he befriended Gene Kelly before he became fa-mous. Attending Howard University in Wash-ington, DC, Lemon studied mechanical engi-neering, and when World War II broke out, he joined the U.S. Navy and served his country as a sailor in the Pacific Theater of Oper-ations. When the war ended, he began a ca-reer with the U.S. Postal Service that lasted forty-four years, where he served in a number of leadership positions. 
Lemon became involved in the Civil Rights 
Movement in 1947, when he worked to inte-
grate his local school district while serving as president of a parent-teacher association. In the Postal Service, he held the role of Eastern Region Vice President for the Postal Service Supervisors and made equal rights a focus of his work there. President Lyndon Johnson later appointed Lemon as an Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Specialist to handle discrimi-nation complaints in Congress. In 1974, he moved to Waldorf, in Charles County, where he became very active in the County’s chapter of the NAACP. In addition to a trailblazing service on the Charles County Liquor Board, Lemon also spent five years on the board of directors for what is now the University of Maryland Charles Regional Medical Center and was active in Chapter 3885 of the AARP. 
Lemon was a devoted husband, father, 
grandfather, and great-grandfather. He is sur-vived by his wife of seventy-three years, Elaine Moses, as well as his daughter Yvonne Beatrice Buford and her husband Walter; and his son Mike Moses and his wife Delores. In addition to them, four grandchildren, and eight great-grandchildren, Lemon is survived by a community to which he had devoted so much of his time and energy both before and during his retirement. He was an active member of St. Peter’s Catholic Church in Waldorf, where family and friends bade farewell in a moving funeral mass on December 18, 2014. 
I join in expressing my condolences to 
Elaine and to the entire Moses family, and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16JA8.001 E16JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E76 January 16, 2015 
thank them for sharing Lemon with all of us for 
the many years in which he did so much good for the people and communities of Charles County and for our country. As I remarked at his funeral, Lemon Moses was no lemon—he was a peach, a pear, and an apple, and all of our lives were made sweeter because of his. 
f 
HONORING DENISE RUSHING 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 16, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor and thank Lake County Supervisor Denise Rushing for her eight years of dedicated service to the people of Lake County. Supervisor Rushing championed countless projects that will improve the long- term vitality of our county. 
Supervisor Rushing served as the 3rd Dis-
trict Supervisor for Lake County for eight years, during which time she also served as the Chair of the Lake County Board of Super-visors. During her years of service, Supervisor Rushing was instrumental to implementing and finishing a number of projects that will help to protect and sustain our environment. 
During her tenure Lake County installed 
solar power at county facilities, such as the jail and wastewater treatment plant. With Super-visor Rushing’s guidance, the Board of Super-visors transformed the unsightly trailer park known as Clark’s Island into an eco-park, made entirely of natural materials. In fact, Lake County made such tremendous ad-vances in its use of solar power and green building practices that the county received two California Green Summit Environmental Lead-ership Awards. 
Supervisor Rushing also championed the 
development of Mount Konocti County Park, the Middle Creek Restoration Project and the Konocti Regional Trails. Thanks to her fine work, residents of Lake County will be better able to enjoy the natural beauty and splendor that our county offers for generations to come. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate at this time 
that we honor and thank Supervisor Rushing for her invaluable service to Lake County. Her unyielding dedication to protecting and pro-moting environmental sustainability and re-newable energy is greatly appreciated by the entire community and we wish her the best of luck in her future endeavors. 
f 
PROMOTING JOB CREATION AND 
REDUCING SMALL BUSINESS BURDENS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, the legisla-
tion we are being asked to vote on today is identical to legislation that failed on the sus-pension calendar last week—and so is now being brought back to the floor under a closed 
rule, without possibility of amendment. I op-posed this bill on both policy and procedural grounds last week, and because nothing has fundamentally changed on either score, I will do so again today. 
Mr. Speaker, this unwieldy legislation is 
comprised of eleven, mostly unrelated titles— a few of which I have supported in the past, some of which I probably could support on a freestanding basis in the future and several of which either need a lot more work or simply should not be supported. In particular, as an advocate of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form Act, I think we should tread very carefully before modifying or weakening something as central to financial reform as the Volcker Rule, which Title VIII of this legislation would do with respect to collateralized debt obligations. Addi-tionally, while I am strongly in favor of giving employees more ownership opportunities in the companies they work for, I also believe those employees deserve to know the value of the stock they are being offered, and that is something Title XI of this bill fails to do. 
For these reasons, I urge a no vote. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE OHIO 
STATE UNIVERSITY BUCKEYES 
HON. MARCIA L. FUDGE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 16, 2015 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate The Ohio State University Buck-eyes, the undisputed 2015 NCAA Football Na-tional Champions. In the inaugural College Football Playoff National Championship Game on January 12, 2015, the Buckeyes, led by Coach Urban Meyer, beat the Oregon Ducks with a final score of 42–20. 
In the state of Ohio, nothing is given. Every-
thing is earned. This year’s Buckeye football team worked hard the entire season in the face of adversity. After the pre-season loss of starting quarterback Braxton Miller, many crit-ics predicted the season would be doomed. Following a 35–21 defeat in the second game of the season to the Virginia Tech Hokies, many questioned whether the Buckeyes could win the Big-10 Championship. When J.T. Bar-rett broke his ankle in the final regular season game against the University of Michigan, some wondered if the Buckeyes even de-served to be considered for the playoffs de-spite a 11–1 record. 
This year’s team defied all odds, silenced 
the critics, and finished the season as national champions. In their final 3 games of the sea-son the Buckeyes, led by quarterback Cardale Jones, a constituent of my Congressional Dis-trict, won the Big 10 Championship against the Wisconsin Badgers, defeated the Alabama Crimson Tide in the Sugar Bowl to advance to the National Championship Game, and capped off the tremendous season with a win over the Oregon Ducks. 
As a proud alum of The Ohio State Univer-
sity, I commend these student athletes for their hard work and dedication both on and off the football field. O–H–I–O! PAYING TRIBUTE TO THE MEMORY 
OF DAVID L. LEVY 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 16, 2015 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-
ute to the life of David Lawrence Levy, a pio-neering children’s rights leader and advocate for joint parenting, who passed away last month. A longtime resident of Hyattsville, MD, which is in the Fifth District, David had battled cancer for several years with tenacity, deter-mination, and infectious optimism. Sadly, he lost that battle on December 11, 2014, when he passed away at the age of 78. 
David co-founded the National Council for 
Children’s Rights—now called the Children’s Rights Council—in 1985 and served as its CEO until 2008 and President of its Board until 2009. During that time, he fought for poli-cies at the local, state, and federal level that promoted shared parenting with joint custody of children after divorce and encouraged courts to place the needs and well-being of children first. The title of a book David edited in 1994 summed up well the mission of the or-ganization he had built: ‘‘The Best Parent is Both Parents.’’ He oversaw the creation of the Children’s Rights Council’s access and visita-tion centers—including its flagship center in Prince George’s County—which provide neu-tral locations for separated parents to drop off and pick up their children and a place where supervised visitation can take place. In Octo-ber 2009, David was named as one of the ‘‘25 Most Influential People in our Children’s Lives’’ by Children’s Health magazine, alongside Sec-retary of Education Arne Duncan, Melinda Gates, and Taylor Swift. 
David was a native of New York and re-
ceived his undergraduate and law degrees from the University of Florida before settling in Hyattsville, which is in Prince George’s Coun-ty. Early in his career, he spent several years working as a copyright lawyer at the Library of Congress. David was also an accomplished author, having published several works rang-ing from fiction novels to articles in the Wash-ington Post and other papers. He served as President of the Beth Torah Congregation in Hyattsville and later was an active member of Tifereth Israel Congregation in Washington, DC., where family, friends, and local commu-nity leaders gathered on December 14 to pay tribute to David at his funeral service. 
David is survived by his wife Ellen, their 
daughter Diana and her husband Danny, his son Justin and his wife Ilana, and his grand-daughter Corina. He also leaves behind many friends, neighbors, and extended family who will fondly remember David for his warmth, his 
sense of humor, and his enthusiasm for life. I join in offering my condolences to his family, in mourning this loss to our community and our country, and in celebrating his extraor-dinary life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16JA8.003 E16JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E77 January 16, 2015 
DOLLY MAE NAVE 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 16, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Dolly Nave, who passed away on De-cember 23, 2014, at her home in San Rafael, California. As a dedicated community orga-nizer and leader, Ms. Nave helped to trans-form recreational facilities in the City of San Rafael for the benefit of countless Marin County residents. 
In the 1980s, on behalf of Ms. Nave’s eight 
children and the children in the local commu-nity, Ms. Nave rallied the support of local con-tractors and volunteers to donate the equip-ment, labor, and funding necessary to breathe new life into public schools and city-owned recreation fields and facilities. Ms. Nave con-
tinued to improve recreational facilities throughout her life, and founded the Marin Bocce Federation in Albert Park, San Rafael. 
Ms. Nave was a skillful community leader 
who possessed the necessary organizational skills to always put the pieces in place and get the job done. She was the project manager for the construction of Marin Community Fields in Larkspur and was in the forefront of numerous projects at San Rafael High, initiating the suc-
cessful ‘‘Save Night Football’’ campaign. A volunteer at Albert Park for 35 years, she be-came known as the ‘‘Angel of Albert Park’’ be-cause she was one of its foremost advocates. In 1993, she was a founding board member and construction chair of the Marin Bocce Federation in Albert Park. The six bocce courts are now used by more than 1,000 play-ers a week. Ms. Nave’s work did not go unnoticed, and 
her longstanding commitment to others was recognized by numerous awards including San Rafael Citizen of the Year, the Marv Lechner Award from San Rafael High, and Woman of the Year for California’s Third Senate District in 1991. She was also one of the first women to be inducted into the Marin Athletic Founda-tion High School Hall of Fame. 
Mr. Speaker, Dolly Nave’s selfless efforts 
have benefited countless residents of San 
Rafael and Marin County. Her legacy will not soon be forgotten as her accomplishments can be seen all around the City of San Rafael. It is therefore appropriate that we pay tribute to her today and express our deepest condo-lences to her husband, Rich; three sons, Rich-ard Jr., Paul and Tom; and three daughters, Sheri, Kathy and Patti; as well as her forty-two grandchildren and great grandchildren. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16JA8.008 E16JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D34 Friday, January 16, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S221–S248 
Measures Introduced: Nine bills and one resolu-
tion were introduced, as follows: S. 180–188, and S. Res. 27.
                                                                            Page S238 
Measures Passed: 
Authorizing Testimony and Representation: Sen-
ate agreed to S. Res. 27, to authorize testimony and representation in United States of America v. Jeffrey A. 
Sterling.
                                                                              Page S247 
Measures Considered: 
Keystone XL Pipeline—Agreement: Senate re-
sumed consideration of S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                                   Pages S221–35 
Pending: 
Murkowski Amendment No. 2, in the nature of 
a substitute.                                                                     Page S222 
Markey/Baldwin Amendment No. 13 (to Amend-
ment No. 2), to ensure that oil transported through the Keystone XL pipeline into the United States is used to reduce United States dependence on Middle 
Eastern oil.
                                                                      Page S222 
Portman/Shaheen Amendment No. 3 (to Amend-
ment No. 2), to promote energy efficiency.    Page S222 
Cantwell (for Franken) Amendment No. 17 (to 
Amendment No. 2), to require the use of iron, steel, and manufactured goods produced in the United States in the construction of the Keystone XL Pipe-line and facilities.
                                                        Page S222 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 11 a.m., on Tuesday, January 20, 2015, Senate resume consideration of the bill.
                                                                                     Page S248 
Joint Session Escort Committee—Agreement: A 
unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the Presiding Officer of the Senate be author-ized to appoint a committee on the part of the Sen-ate to join with a like committee on the part of the House of Representatives to escort the President of the United States into the House Chamber for the joint session to be held at 9 p.m., on Tuesday, Janu-ary 20, 2015.
                                                                 Page S248 Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
John E. Mendez, of California, to be a Director of 
the Securities Investor Protection Corporation for a term expiring December 31, 2015. 
John E. Mendez, of California, to be a Director of 
the Securities Investor Protection Corporation for a term expiring December 31, 2018. 
Adewale Adeyemo, of California, to be an Assist-
ant Secretary of the Treasury. 
Brian James Egan, of Maryland, to be Legal Ad-
viser of the Department of State. 
Matthew T. McGuire, of the District of Columbia, 
to be United States Executive Director of the Inter-national Bank for Reconstruction and Development for a term of two years.
                                            Page S248 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S238 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S238 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:    Pages S221, S238 
Measures Read the First Time:       Page S238, S247–48 
Additional Cosponsors:                                          Page S239 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                              Page S239 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S236–38 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S239–47 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 1:35 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, January 20, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S248.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee announced 
the following subcommittee assignments: 
Subcommittee on AirLand: Senators Cotton (Chair), 
Inhofe, Sessions, Wicker, Rounds, Ernst, Sullivan, Lee, Manchin, McCaskill, Gillibrand, Blumenthal, Donnelly, Hirono, and Heinrich. 
VerDate Mar 15 2010 04:20 Nov 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JAN 15\D16JA5.REC D16JA5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D35 January 16, 2015 
Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities: Sen-
ators Fischer (Chair), Ayotte, Cotton, Ernst, Tillis, Graham, Cruz, Nelson, Manchin, Shaheen, Gilli-brand, Donnelly, and Kaine. 
Subcommittee on Personnel: Senators Graham (Chair), 
Wicker, Cotton, Tillis, Sullivan, Gillibrand, McCas-kill, Blumenthal, and King. 
Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support: Sen-
ators Ayotte (Chair), Inhofe, Fischer, Rounds, Ernst, Lee, Kaine, McCaskill, Shaheen, Hirono, and Hein-rich. Subcommittee on Seapower: Senators Wicker (Chair), 
Sessions, Ayotte, Rounds, Tillis, Sullivan, Cruz, Hirono, Nelson, Shaheen, Blumenthal, Kaine, and King. 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces: Senators Sessions 
(Chair), Inhofe, Fischer, Lee, Graham, Cruz, Don-nelly, Nelson, Manchin, King, and Heinrich. 
Senators McCain and Reed are ex officio members of 
each subcommittee. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 7 public 
bills, H.R. 298–404; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 37, were introduced.
                                                          Page H412 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H412 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Messer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                              Page H411 
Guest Chaplain: Reverend Thomas Petri, Domini-
can House of Studies, Washington, DC.          Page H411 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence— Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s 
appointment of the following Members of the House to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Representatives Gutie ´rrez, Himes, Sewell (AL), Car-
son (IN), Speier, Quigley, Swalwell (CA), and Mur-phy (FL).
                                                                          Page H411 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay 
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 4 p.m. and ad-
journed at 4:04 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D1156) 
H.R. 26, to extend the termination date of the 
Terrorism Insurance Program established under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002. Signed on January 12, 2015. (Public Law 114–1) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
JANUARY 20, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold hearings to examine perspectives on the strategic ne-cessity of Iran sanctions, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: orga-
nizational business meeting to consider committee rules of procedure, and an original resolution authorizing ex-penditures by the committee during the 114th Congress, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
36, the ‘‘Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act’’; and H.R. 161, the ‘‘Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Re-form Act’’, 2 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of January 19 through January 23, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , at approximately 11 a.m., Senate will 
resume consideration of S. 1, Keystone XL Pipeline. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
VerDate Mar 15 2010 04:20 Nov 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JAN 15\D16JA5.REC D16JA5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D36 January 16, 2015 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: January 21, to hold hear-
ings to examine global challenges and United States na-tional security strategy, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
January 22, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-
ing on training and equipping the vetted Syrian opposi-tion, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Janu-
ary 20, to hold hearings to examine perspectives on the strategic necessity of Iran sanctions, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
January 22, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Janu-
ary 20, organizational business meeting to consider com-mittee rules of procedure, and an original resolution au-thorizing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Congress, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
January 21, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine protecting the Internet and consumers through con-gressional action, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: January 21, 
organizational business meeting to consider an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Congress, 10:30 a.m., SD–406. 
January 22, Full Committee, organizational business 
meeting to continue consideration of an original resolu-tion authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Congress, 9:30 a.m., Room to be announced. 
Committee on Finance: January 22, to hold hearings to 
examine jobs and a healthy economy, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: January 22, to hold hear-
ings to examine Iran nuclear negotiations, focusing on the status of talks and the role of Congress, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Jan-
uary 21, to hold hearings to examine fixing No Child Left Behind, focusing on testing and accountability, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
January 22, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine job-based health insurance and defining full-time work, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
January 22, organizational business meeting to consider an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Congress, and committee rules of procedure, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: January 21, to hold hearings 
to examine the nominations of Michelle K. Lee, of Cali-fornia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellec-tual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, Daniel Henry Marti, of Virginia, to be Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator, Ex-ecutive Office of the President, Alfred H. Bennett, George C. Hanks, Jr., and Jose Rolando Olvera, Jr., all to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, and Jill N. Parrish, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. January 22, Full Committee, organizational business 
meeting to consider an original resolution authorizing ex-penditures by the committee during the 114th Congress, subcommittee assignments, and committee rules of proce-dure, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: January 21, organiza-
tional business meeting to consider an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Congress, committee rules of procedure, and H.R. 203, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan re-payment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Vet-erans Health Administration of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, 10 a.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: January 20, to receive a 
closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
January 22, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, January 22, Full Committee, 
organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on the Budget, January 22, Full Committee, 
organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 9:30 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, January 21, 
Full Committee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, January 21, Sub-
committee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting the Internet and Consumers Through Congressional Action’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
January 21, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled 
‘‘A Permanent Solution to the SGR: The Time Is Now’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
January 22, Subcommittee on Environment and the 
Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s 2014 Final Rule: Dis-posal of Coal Combustion Residuals from Electric Utili-ties’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
January 22, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled 
‘‘A Permanent Solution to the SGR: The Time Is Now’’ (continued), 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, January 21, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 2 p.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, January 21, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Judiciary, January 21, Full Committee, 
organizational meeting for the 114th Congress; hearing on H.R. 181, the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015’’; H.R. 350, to direct the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to identify strategies to prevent children from becoming victims of trafficking and review trafficking prevention efforts, to protect and assist in the recovery of victims of trafficking, and for other purposes; H.R. 159, the ‘‘Stop Exploitation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16JA5.REC D16JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D37 January 16, 2015 
Through Trafficking Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 285, to 
amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a penalty for knowingly selling advertising that offers certain com-mercial sex acts, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, January 21, 
Full Committee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 11 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
January 21, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Un-
manned Aerial Systems Research and Development’’, 2:30 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, January 
21, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘FAA Reauthoriza-tion: Reforming and Streamlining the FAA’s Regulatory Certification Processes’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, January 21, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress; hearing entitled ‘‘Building a Better VA: Assessing Ongo-ing Major Construction Management Problems within the Department’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
January 22, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and 
Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Veterans’ Dilemma: Navigating the Appeals System for Veterans Claims’’, 10:30 a.m., 340 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, January 21, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10:15 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
VerDate Mar 15 2010 04:20 Nov 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JAN 15\D16JA5.REC D16JA5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD38 January 16, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, January 20 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will resume consideration of S. 1, Keystone XL Pipeline. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, January 20 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Joint Session with the Senate to 
receive the State of the Union Address from the President of the United States. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E75 
Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E76 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E75 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E75, E76 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E77 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E75 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E76 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E76 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jan 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16JA5.REC D16JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST