Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2215 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15, 2015 No. 54 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. J
OLLY ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
April 15, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable D AVID W. 
JOLLY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
IMMIGRATION REFORM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, the 
man pictured alongside me will go a long way towards determining who lives in the White House for the next few years. No, he is not a pollster or a campaign spin doctor. No, this is a Federal judge for the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, the Honorable Judge Andrew Hanen. 
The lawsuit by 26 Republican Gov-
ernors and attorneys general seeking to block the executive actions taken by 
the Obama administration on immigra-tion was filed in his court. He has not ruled yet on the constitutionality of the case. 
He ordered a preliminary injunction, 
however, saying he thought the States have standing to bring the suit—or at least that the State of Texas did. That was enough for him to stop the imple-mentation of the program nationwide. 
Not surprisingly, just last week, the 
judge refused the government’s request to lift his injunction and allow the plan to move forward. 
Here is the reality: Congress man-
dates that about 400,000 people will be deported this year out of a total of 11 million. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security 
developed a plan to choose between hardened criminals and those immi-grants who have lived here for at least 5 years, have U.S. citizen children, and can pass a criminal background check at their own expense. 
The plan also requires immigrants to 
renew their temporary status periodi-cally to prove again that they have not committed crimes or fraudulently sought out services or benefits. 
It is that plan for the parents of U.S. 
citizens in American families, people who have been working and staying out of trouble for years, that the Texas judge here believes will cause irrep-arable damage to the State of Texas and, therefore, must be stopped nation-ally. 
Just as they had hoped, the judge 
ruled that Texas might some day in the future suffer irreparable harm because of driver’s licenses. In other words, people who qualify for driver’s licenses and who take the test and pay their fees for driver’s licenses—if they live in Texas and apply for those driver’s li-censes in Texas—will be doing the State irreparable harm. 
I have a driver’s license. It is right 
here. I had no idea I was causing irrep-arable damage to the State of Illinois 
just by applying for it and paying for the driver’s license and learning the rules of the road and buying car insur-ance; but who am I to disagree with a Federal judge? 
On Friday, the Department of Justice 
will argue before the fifth circuit court in New Orleans that the President’s ex-ecutive actions should move forward. It is well known that the fifth circuit is among the most conservative. 
Look what happened a couple of 
weeks ago in that very same circuit court. They ruled on a lawsuit related to the State of Mississippi which, like Texas, felt it might some day in the fu-ture be dealt damage by the deferred action program announced by the President for DREAMers back in 2012. 
The panel of judges from the fifth cir-
cuit looked at the program, the evi-dence, and the cost of the State of Mis-sissippi, and the fifth circuit judges said Mississippi is not harmed and, thus, does not have legal standing for the lawsuit. 
That bodes well for the country and 
the President’s executive actions. In the meantime, Judge Hanen still hasn’t ruled on the case. Maybe he is running out the clock, trying to make the im-migrants in cities like Chicago and Houston lose hope or stop preparing to sign up or maybe magically self-deport and give up on watching their children, their U.S. citizen children, grow up in America. 
It might turn into a drawn-out series 
of rules and appeals that wind up in the Supreme Court, which could take us well into 2016. 
2016 is an election year, where Latino 
U.S. citizens—not immigrants we are discussing, but their neighbors, cous-ins, spouses, and coworkers who are citizens of the United States—are not likely to vote for a party that is mak-ing sure that their neighbors, cousins, spouses, and coworkers are still a top priority for deportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.000 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2216 April 15, 2015 
I have a feeling the citizens will sup-
port the candidates and the parties that support their communities. I also have a feeling that the decision to drag this fight out in the courts will be one the Republican Party regrets from a political point of view; just like the de-cision not to allow a vote on immigra-tion reform over the past 2 years will be seen as one of the biggest and most consequential political mistakes of all time. 
How long does a vote take? Fifteen 
minutes—it might sound too much like a Geico commercial, but just 15 min-utes could have saved the Republicans a great deal of heartache. 
The failure to take those 15 minutes 
for a vote might mean that there are no Republican Presidents for a long time who would nominate judges like this one. 
f 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TAXATION 
WITHOUT REPRESENTATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) 
for 5 minutes. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, I began a series of remarks leading up to tomorrow, Emancipation Day, in the District of Columbia, when Lincoln and the Congress freed the slaves in the District 9 months ahead of the Emanci-pation Proclamation. 
There are no slaves living in the Dis-
trict today, nor is there a single free and equal citizen living in your Na-tion’s Capital. Freedom from slavery did not give residents freedom as equal citizens. 
During yesterday’s remarks in this 
series, I spoke about D.C. residents going to war, to every war since the Nation was created, without ever hav-ing a vote. Today’s remarks fit today, April 15, the day when D.C. residents will be the only Americans who pay Federal taxes without a vote for or against those taxes or anything else. For us, it is not tax day; it is taxation without representation day. 
It is no overstatement to say that 
this House is obsessed with taxes, that is to say, tax cuts. There are tax cut bills on the floor this very week. Our residents are not demanding tax cuts— take the money—but they are demand-ing the rights that go with the taxes they pay. 
We want an end to no vote on this 
floor; an end to local matters coming to Congress without a vote on this floor; an end to D.C.’s local budget, of all matters, coming to Congress, even though there is not one dime of Federal money in it, only local money. 
We want an end to every Member get-
ting a vote on District matters that come to this floor except the Member who represents the District of Colum-bia. We want an end to this mountainload of injustice, and that comes with statehood. 
The best way to see the injustice of 
paying taxes without representation is to compare D.C. residents and what 
taxes they pay with what other Ameri-cans pay. Look at who pays the highest taxes in the United States of America, D.C. residents—this is per capita, my friends—compared to who pays the low-est, Mississippi. What is that, a third of what D.C. residents pay? 
The two largest States in the Union, 
New York and California—New York taxpayers pay a little more than $8,700 per capita, California a little more than $8,000 per capita—both compared to our $12,000 per capita. Southern States average between the $4,000 and $5,000 per capita range. The Midwest states average in the $6,000 range. Ohio is $6,130. Iowa is $6,019. 
Even States with many wealthy tax-
payers, like Virginia and Florida, are within the $7,000 tax range, but D.C.— 650,000 residents—pays $12,000 per resi-dent. Find your State on my Web site. You will not find one state paying what District of Columbia residents pay. 
Today is April 15, and nobody enjoys 
paying taxes, but we believe that the constituents of my colleagues will join the moral outrage of my constituents when they learn that D.C. residents are not only paying more federal taxes per capita than any other Americans, but that added up, this amounts to more dollars than 24 of our States are pay-ing, all with representation. 
D.C. residents pay more than their 
full freight to support the United States Government. The time is over-due to permit D.C. citizens to join the Union of States as the State of New Co-lumbia, the 51st State of the Union. 
f 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
today is April 15. This is the day that our income taxes are due, a day that is difficult enough under the best of cir-cumstances, but made even more dif-ficult, purposefully, for millions of Americans. 
My Republican friends have decided 
to take out their differences with the IRS by deliberately torturing the American taxpayer. Ours is the largest tax system in the world that relies pri-marily on voluntary compliance. Most Americans, in fact, do comply, but an ever-increasingly complex tax system makes that compliance difficult. 
It should be noted that it is not the 
IRS that makes the Tax Code complex; it is Congress that makes the Tax Code complex, a Congress that is sometimes so late in meeting its obligations with tax changes that the Service has dif-ficulty even printing the forms on time as these changes occur every single year. 
In order to help citizens with Con-
gress’ complex tax system, the Internal Revenue Service runs the largest con-sumer service operation in the world, but this process has been deliberately 
sabotaged by the Republican approach to the agency budget. 
The agency has 30,000 fewer employ-
ees today than it had in 1992. The real budget adjusted for inflation is about the level we had in 1998, when we had fewer taxpayers filing returns and a Tax Code that was smaller and less complicated. 
If Congress had truly been partners 
with the agency in improving its serv-ice in streamlining and modernization and giving them today’s computers, maybe it would be possible to keep pace, but the IRS has been given a budget that prevents it from modern-izing its information technology. It uses applications for its computers that were running in the early 1960s. 
The IRS is virtually a museum of 
computer technology, but you cannot modernize the simple call service func-tion of answering phones and talking to taxpayers, yet Congress has delib-erately slashed that money available for those positions. 
When you visit the IRS offices, which 
I have and which I hope every one of my colleagues does before they reduce those budgets yet again, they will find employees who simply cannot meet the needs of their customers. 
Our employees don’t like putting 
people on hold for 20 minutes, 30 min-utes, or more or dropping the calls al-together. It frustrates the taxpayer, and it breaks the hearts of our employ-ees. 
b1015 
Now, it is no secret that some people 
forget to declare all of their income, and, frankly, there are some people who actually cheat on their taxes, but Congress has not equipped the IRS to do the audits necessary to actually col-lect the money that is due—billions and billions of dollars—which would pay for badly needed government serv-ices or reduce our debt. 
They refuse to fund some positions 
that would not just pay for themselves but would collect 10, 20, 30 times or more their annual salaries, and Con-gress is deliberately making it worse with yet another budget cut while watching the exodus of highly trained, skilled professionals who have better things to do with their lives than work in an impossible situation and con-stantly be under attack. 
I have no doubt that there are times 
when the agency has not performed in ways that we would all like, but the so-lution is not to torture the taxpayers and fail to equip the agency to do its job while continuing to make the Tax Code ever more complex. 
This is gross political malpractice. It 
is not fair to the taxpayers; it is a dis-service to our employees; and it makes it hard to fund the needs of our Nation. They may think it is good politics to make the taxpaying experience as mis-erable as possible, but it is, ultimately, bad judgment; it is poor politics; and it is a disservice to the American public. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.002 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2217 April 15, 2015 
Many of my colleagues have been 
looking at scandal within the IRS. Whatever problems they uncover or imagine, the real scandal is how the Republican budget is treating the American public and the people who work for them at the vital service of the Internal Revenue Service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATRINA ADAMS, 
PRESIDENT OF THE U.S. TENNIS ASSOCIATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Katrina Adams, president of the United States Tennis Association. 
Mr. Speaker, the community in 
which I live, work, and represent is well-known for its production of high- profile and world renowned male ath-letes, individuals like Ernie Terrell, world heavyweight champion; basket-ball stars Doc Rivers, Isaiah Thomas, Mark Aguirre, Mickey Johnson, Kevin Garnett; footballer Darryl Stingley; and countless others who have excelled in athletics. All of them are males. 
However, I take this opportunity to 
mention two females. One is Dorothy Gaters, the girls’ basketball coach and athletic director at the John Marshall High School in Chicago, Illinois, the winningest high school basketball coach in the Nation. The other is Katrina Adams, who grew up not far from Marshall High School and whose parents still live in the East Garfield Park community. 
Earlier this year, Katrina Adams be-
came the first African American and the first former pro tennis player to be-come president and CEO of the United States Tennis Association, which is a 134-year-old organization that had barred Black athletes from its premier event—the U.S. National Champion-ship, currently known as the U.S. Open—until 1950, when it allowed Al-thea Gibson to compete. 
At 46, Adams is the youngest of the 
53 people—among them, just four women—who have been the USTA lead-ers, an unpaid volunteer position. 
In an article done by the Chicago 
Tribune, the writer states that, al-though her term lasts only 2 years, Adams understands that her being the face of the U.S. Tennis Association can have a significant impact, especially at a moment when the best female player in the world, Serena Williams, is also an African American. 
Katrina is supposed to have said: 
I think having an African American as 
president is a huge statement. It shows how far we have come within the USTA as a whole. 
As family, friends, community lead-
ers, old coaches, volunteers, and tennis fans gathered to congratulate and honor Katrina, they were reminded of something her mother, Yvonne, told her many years ago. Her mother said: 
Katrina, other little Black girls may not 
want to reach where you are, but they will want you to do well, and you are showing them they can do it if they put their minds to it. 
Philip Hersh also mentions in his ar-
ticle something that Billie Jean King is supposed to have said to her friend Katrina. She said: 
Katrina, if you can see it, you can be it. 
Her being the first person of color as 
the U.S. Tennis Association president— and as a former pro besides—sends a strong message. 
Her family, friends, and former class-
mates at Whitney Young High School, at Northwestern University, and in the East Garfield Park community were, indeed, a proud bunch as they gathered to salute the young lady they had watched grow up in the inner city, be-come a high school and college tennis star, a tennis pro, and, ultimately, the president of the United States Tennis Association. 
Congratulations to you, Katrina. We 
are all proud of your accomplishments. 
f 
SUPPLEMENTAL SECURITY 
INCOME EQUALITY ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, today, 
I am reintroducing a bill to extend the Supplemental Security Income pro-gram, known as SSI, to Puerto Rico. 
Of all of the disparities that Puerto 
Rico faces because it is a territory and not a State, few are as damaging as its exclusion from SSI. 
SSI provides monthly cash assistance 
to blind, disabled, or elderly individ-uals who have limited or no income. We are talking about the most vulner-able members of our society. SSI ap-plies in all 50 States and in the District of Columbia. However, since the pro-gram’s inception in 1974, it has not been extended to Puerto Rico. Instead, the Federal grant program, known as Aid to the Aged, Blind, and Disabled, or AABD, applies in Puerto Rico. 
The Social Security Administration 
sends monthly SSI payments directly 
to beneficiaries; whereas the AABD program is administered by the Puerto Rico Government, using an annual block grant provided by the U.S. De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices. The gap between the treatment that is provided to beneficiaries in the 50 States and the treatment that is provided to their fellow American citi-zens in Puerto Rico is, in a word, shocking. 
According to the most recent Federal 
statistics, the average SSI payment to beneficiaries is $540 a month and is close to $650 a month for beneficiaries who are under the age of 18. By con-trast, based on the most recent data that has been furnished to my office, the block grant that the Federal Gov-ernment provides to the Puerto Rico Government is only $33 million a year. With this limited funding, the Puerto 
Rico Government provides an average payment to adult beneficiaries of just $74 a month. Let me repeat that—$540 a month in the States versus $74 a month in Puerto Rico. To add insult to injury, the Puerto Rico Government is legally required to meet a 25 percent match in order to receive this block grant. The States, obviously, do not have to make any matching payments for their resi-dents to receive SSI assistance. 
In 2014, the GAO estimated that, if 
Puerto Rico were a State, it would re-ceive up to $1.8 billion a year under SSI. That is 54 times as much as the territory receives annually under AABD. Again, let me repeat that—54 times greater. The GAO estimated that, if Puerto Rico were a State, 300,000 island residents would qualify for SSI payments. Under the current program in Puerto Rico, only 35,000 in-dividuals receive assistance. Thus, Puerto Rico’s exclusion from the SSI program means that its government cannot provide decent monthly pay-ments to residents who cannot support themselves. It also means that the Puerto Rico Government cannot assist hundreds of thousands of extraor-dinarily needy residents at all. 
Those who seek proof of how Puerto 
Rico is harmed by its territory status need look no further than the treat-ment it receives under SSI. Those who want to comprehend why, roughly, 240,000 island residents relocated to the States between 2010 and 2014 in search of a better quality of life should realize that Puerto Rico’s unequal treatment under key Federal programs, includ-ing—but not limited to—SSI, is a major contributing factor to this mi-gration. 
Let me be crystal clear on this point. 
Politicians in Puerto Rico and the States who defend Puerto Rico’s cur-rent status must accept the undeniable truth that this status is harming the people of Puerto Rico. When they ra-tionalize or excuse Puerto Rico’s terri-tory status, they are complicit in Puer-to Rico’s mistreatment. 
But make no mistake. The era of in-
equality is coming to an end. I stand side by side with a large and growing army of proud U.S. citizens from Puer-to Rico who refuse to accept such shameful treatment any longer. We be-lieve in full equality for Puerto Rico under the American flag. We will fight for it until we achieve it, and we will achieve it soon. 
f 
BRING BACK OUR GIRLS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
address the House to discuss a number 
of concerns that I believe we need to confront as quickly as possible. 
Yesterday and today commemorate, 
sadly, the snatching of over 200 girls from northern Nigeria—the area in which the girls lost their innocence and their right to a good quality of life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.017 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2218 April 15, 2015 
It was in the dark of night when hei-
nous thugs, armed with horrific weap-ons, burst into the dorm rooms of sleeping girls who were preparing to take exams to improve their lives. Their parents had worked hard. They were like any other parents here in the United States or around the world, lov-ing their children; and these heinous thugs with their vile leader, Boko Haram, stole them—stole their inno-cence and, in a certain sense, their vir-ginity. Now we are struggling to find them. 
For over a year, many of us pressed 
the Nigerian Government to find and bring back the girls. In the spring of 2014, I traveled to the northern state with my colleague Ms. W
ILSON and 
with my colleague from Texas, and we met with broken families and with the girls who had escaped. We saw the northern state. We were not welcomed by the words that we were saying, which was ‘‘bring the girls back.’’ We met with generals in our military. We saw our military’s compassion under the Africa Command, and we saw that they were ready to be of assistance. Those generals, I must say, said that they were ready. 
In the course, Boko Haram has killed 
15,000 people. There are thousands who are displaced—1.5 million, I believe the number is—and these girls are still missing. They are said to have been married off, but some girls are worth rescuing. All girls are worth rescuing. All children are worth saving. Today, we will stand on the steps of the Cap-itol, begging for help from the inter-national community. 
I must make mention that the Afri-
can Union, through the auspices of the United Nations, has developed a strat-egy and a military effort, led by Chad, Niger, Cameroon, and Nigeria, but they are still not found—they are still not caught—and Boko Haram continues to be the heinous, vile organization that should not exist in attacking the inno-cent people of Nigeria. Boko Haram has declared itself part of the family of ISIL. That alone stands to promote them as a heinous terrorist group, and they should draw the attention of the world just like ISIL has drawn the at-tention of the world. 
b1030 
Mr. Speaker, I am calling upon the 
United States, who I believe has a deep commitment to find these girls, to be able to engage in an intensified effort to find them and a collaborative effort with our expertise, continued, to be able to assure that these girls are brought home, but that Boko Haram does not continue to flaunt itself. 
Let me add al-Shabaab, that did the 
heinous killings of students in Kenya. We must be concerned about a con-tinent that is our friend, a continent that desires to do trade and business with us, a continent that looks to America—Africa, who loves America. You can see the array of Africans who are here in the United States. I have the largest population of Nigerians— 
wonderful, good people, doctors and teachers, lawyers, public servants. But we must stand with them to bring these girls back. 
Let me show you the mutilating and 
destroying of Christian artifacts, the destruction of towns left in their midst. They don’t care, and I am out-raged that they are standing. 
Let me say this, Mr. Speaker, as I 
ask for them to be rescued, as I go to express this in an open forum to our community, our Nation. Let me add that part of the work of the Depart-ment of Justice deals with issues of human trafficking, and sometimes it takes it internationally. 
So I conclude my remarks by saying 
that we must—we must—confirm as General, Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General nominee of the United States of America. This is an African Amer-ican woman that has been held without conscience. She is qualified; she is ready to serve; and I would ask my col-leagues to show to the world what kind of country America is—that we follow process, and that this individual be al-lowed to serve her nation as she desires to do. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 32 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana) at 
noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Kenny Gooden, Union 
Grove Baptist Church, Yadkinville, North Carolina, offered the following prayer: 
Heavenly Father, today, we humbly 
come into Your presence, confessing our sins, asking You for mercy, grace, 
and forgiveness. We come, recognizing Your greatness and Your power, under-standing today that, from Heaven, You oversee all that we do. We come, thanking You for the many blessings that You have bestowed upon this Na-tion in years past. For Your divine pro-tection, provisions, and the power that You have bestowed upon us, we are grateful. 
Today, we make these requests: We pray for the Members of this 
great body that You grant to them safety, divine wisdom, and knowledge as they make decisions which affect both history and every American cit-izen. 
We pray that You give to them a love 
for both You and this Nation that is unwavering and unsurpassed. We also pray today for Your protec-
tion over the men and women who serve in our Nation’s military all around the world. 
And, above everything, we pray 
today for a real, true revival of right-eousness in America, and we make this prayer in the name that is above every name and to which every knee shall bow and every tongue confess—the name of Jesus Christ. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from California (Mr. C OSTA ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. COSTA led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING REVEREND KENNY 
GOODEN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) is recognized for 1 
minute. 
There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, it is an 
honor and a privilege to introduce our 
guest chaplain, Reverend Kenneth ‘‘Kenny’’ Gooden, today. 
Reverend Gooden is a vital part of 
the religious community in northwest North Carolina, and he has faithfully shepherded the flock at Union Grove Baptist Church in Yadkinville for 25 years. 
He previously served the faithful of 
Pilot View Baptist Church in High Point and of West Yadkin Baptist Church in Hamptonville. He attended North Iredell High School, Mitchell Community College, and Fruitland Baptist Bible College. 
He is accompanied today by his wife, 
Tina; his daughter, Hannah; and his son, Hunter. 
Reverend Gooden’s service to God 
cuts to the very heart of the gospel message of love. He has brightened and enriched the lives of many throughout the years, and we are blessed to have him in our community. 
I hope that his words of prayer will 
remain with all of us as we do the peo-ple’s work. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.005 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2219 April 15, 2015 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, April 15, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representa-
tives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 15, 2015 at 8:34 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 2. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, April 15, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representa-
tives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 15, 2015 at 11:46 a.m.: 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 9. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 15 further re-quests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
SOCIAL SECURITY UPDATE RULES 
(Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, in 1979, Social Security began to use rules to help decide who should receive disability benefits. A lot has changed since then, and, yet, believe it or not, Social Security continues to use the same rules from 1979. 
It is time Social Security caught up. 
That is why, today, I am introducing the Guiding Responsible and Improved Disability Decisions Act of 2015, which would require Social Security to up-date its rules. This bill is, simply, com-mon sense. 
The American people want, need, and 
deserve a disability program that works, and they expect Social Security to make consistent and accurate deci-sions when determining who should re-ceive benefits. 
On behalf of America’s hard-working 
taxpayers, I urge my colleagues to join me in bringing Social Security into the 21st century. ROOSEVELT UNIVERSITY 
ANNIVERSARY 
(Mr. QUIGLEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate my alma mater, Roosevelt University, on the 70th anni-versary of its founding in Chicago, Illi-nois. 
From its founding, the university has 
stood by its mission: to make higher education available to all students re-gardless of their socioeconomic status, racial or ethnic origin, age, or gender. 
At the 1945 dedication of Roosevelt, 
Eleanor Roosevelt said: 
We can prepare to help the rest of the 
world and do it without fear, do it with good-will. 
For 70 years, the university has 
upheld the values of inclusiveness, op-portunity, and social justice. In the next 70 years, I know Roosevelt will continue to provide transformational experiences and opportunities for dis-covery, shaping generations of socially conscious citizens. 
I had an extraordinary experience at 
Roosevelt, learning as much from my fellow students as from my classroom work, and the school was very kind to me. 
As my friend, colleague, and fellow 
alum, B
OBBY RUSH, said: 
Roosevelt loved me before I loved Roo-
sevelt. 
Congratulations to Dr. Chuck Mid-
dleton and to the entire Roosevelt community on the university’s 70th an-niversary. 
Go, Lakers. 
f 
SOUTH CAROLINA SAYS, ‘‘NO 
MORE’’ 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, today, men and women will come together and take a stand against sexual assault at the sixth annual Walk a Mile in Her Shoes march in Co-lumbia, South Carolina. 
Men from across the State will don 
high-heeled shoes and join women and other community leaders to raise awareness and funds to support sur-vivors of sexual assault and sexual vio-lence. Just one victim is too many, and we must stand with survivors to pre-vent sexual assault. 
I am grateful for the Sexual Trauma 
Services of the Midlands, the South Carolina Coalition Against Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault, the Cumbee Center, and countless other or-ganizations for their advocacy, for their continued efforts to prevent sex-ual assault, and for their support to survivors. 
Chaired by Ginny Walker, I am grate-
ful my oldest son, State Attorney Gen-eral Alan Wilson, will be one of the leaders of the Walk a Mile today. They 
are making a difference with efforts to end sexual assault and sexual violence. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
My sympathy to the family of the 
late John Duncan of Laurens County, South Carolina, the father of our col-league Congressman J
EFFDUNCAN . 
f 
PREVENT DANGEROUS GUNS 
FROM REACHING DANGEROUS PEOPLE 
(Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, today, 
in America, 48 children and young peo-ple will be shot, and seven will die. Today, in America, 45 people will be in-jured in gun-related accidents, and 55 will take their own lives with guns. Yet, today, in America, zero new Fed-eral gun laws will be debated here in this body. 
This is unacceptable. Yet we know smart gun laws work. 
We know background checks keep guns out of the hands of terrorists, crimi-nals, and the mentally ill. We know banning assault rifles and high-capac-ity magazines protects police officers and the communities they serve. 
Mr. Speaker, after the Newtown 
shootings claimed the lives of 20 inno-cent children, President Obama asked the Nation whether we were prepared to admit that we are powerless in the face of the carnage caused by guns. That is not an admission I am ready to make. This isn’t a problem we can ig-nore. 
Mr. Speaker, instead of politics as 
usual, let’s come together to prevent dangerous guns from reaching dan-gerous people. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS, KIMBERLY 
KEENAN 
(Mr. ROSS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the achievements of Ms. Kimberly Keenan. 
Ms. Keenan has been both the prin-
cipal and the assistant principal of Tampa Palms Elementary School in the school district of Hillsborough County, Florida, for 18 years. She has recently been appointed to serve as the supervisor of Language Arts and Writ-ing for Hillsborough County. The school district is the eighth largest in the United States, and it is located in Florida’s 15th Congressional District. 
Under her leadership, Tampa Palms 
Elementary has been rated as an A- rated school for 16 years in a row and is a National Blue Ribbon School of Ex-cellence. 
During her time at this school, Ms. 
Keenan has created a culture that em-bodies her motto: ‘‘Hard work pays off 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.002 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2220 April 15, 2015 
all the time.’’ Her efforts to help every 
child to be treated with love and re-spect has enabled countless students from diverse backgrounds to learn, gain confidence, and take with them the knowledge and the skills needed to help them make their way in this world. 
Our Nation’s teachers are the open 
door to education and opportunity by their working long hours and with, sadly, less recognition than they de-serve. 
Ms. Keenan has spent years shaping 
young minds. She has touched many lives of those at Tampa Palms Elemen-tary, including those of the students and parents, and they are indebted to her for her life’s work. I am proud to recognize her achievements. 
f 
HOLOCAUST REMEMBRANCE DAY 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, tomor-
row, we commemorate Holocaust Re-membrance Day. 
This day was established by the 
Israeli Parliament in 1951, and it coin-cides with the anniversary of the War-saw Ghetto uprising. Later, Congress established annual Days of Remem-brance, which we also celebrate this week. Memorial and educational ac-tivities will take place in schools, places of worship, and communities across this Nation. 
This is a time to mourn the millions 
of victims of the Holocaust, and it is an annual reminder to Americans—indeed, to all of humanity—that we must never forget the evil that man visited upon his fellow man. 
It was a Supreme Court Justice from 
western New York, Robert H. Jackson, who served as the lead American pros-ecutor of Nazi war criminals at the Nuremberg trials. In recognition of his work to expose the horrors of the Holo-caust, we named the new Federal courthouse in Buffalo in Jackson’s honor. 
Tomorrow, in western New York and 
across the country, Americans will me-morialize the victims of the Holocaust, and we will pray for vigilance and for the resolve to stop such evil from ever happening again. 
f 
IRAN AGREEMENT 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise 
to express my support for the Iran Nu-clear Agreement Review Act, which has now passed out of the Senate For-eign Relations Committee with unani-mous support. 
This important step shows that there 
continues to be momentum to move forward on this vital and necessary bill to ensure accountability and congres-sional oversight over any deal with Iran. I call on my colleagues on both sides 
of the aisle to move quickly to enact this bipartisan legislation so that the American people can have a say in any final agreement. 
Mr. Speaker, I remain extremely con-
cerned that the administration’s latest agreement with Iran means that we are headed for a historically bad deal. An agreement that sunsets by the time my youngest daughter is in college does nothing to secure our long-term na-tional security. 
In the weeks ahead, Congress must 
stand strong and unequivocally reject any deal that leaves intact Iran’s nu-clear infrastructure, that cements Iran’s position as a nuclear threshold state, that unwinds the sanctions ar-chitecture in exchange for empty promises, or that legitimizes a sure-to- fail inspection regime that falls short of ‘‘anywhere, anytime’’ inspections. 
Mr. Speaker, we must not be fooled 
into false choices, and Iran must not be left with any path towards a nuclear weapon. 
f 
b1215 
THE REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP 
SHOULD LISTEN TO AMERICAN FAMILIES 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I join 
many of my colleagues today proudly wearing red and this pin to ask us to remember to bring our girls back who were kidnapped by Boko Haram. 
Mr. Speaker, I also returned to Wash-
ington this week from a busy district work period, where I advocated for homeownership, explored funding for early childhood through college edu-cation, and heard from seniors and vet-erans about their need for access to af-fordable health care. 
Unfortunately, it is very clear, Mr. 
Speaker, that the Republican leader-ship continues to turn a deaf ear to the American people, to our seniors, to our veterans, and to the next generation by putting forward legislation that does not work for my district in central Ohio or this Nation. 
Democrats, however, have put forth 
plans to help hard-working American families by making it easier to own a home, making it easier to send our children to college, and making it easi-er to have a secure and enjoyable re-tirement. 
Mr. Speaker, Republican leadership 
should listen to American families and help them attain the tools they need to achieve economic security for now and the future. 
f 
PROTECTING TAXPAYERS 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today Amer-
icans across the country face the an-nual deadline to file their tax returns. 
Taxpayers shudder at the mere men-tion of the IRS, and that image hasn’t been helped since the Federal Govern-ment’s most feared agency admitted to singling out conservative groups for unprecedented invasive scrutiny. As Americans, we expect our government to preserve, protect, and defend our rights, not target them for political gain and control. 
The House is poised to pass several 
pieces of legislation today that will help ensure that all taxpayers are treated fairly and hold IRS employees accountable for their actions. 
Tomorrow the House will vote to re-
peal permanently the death tax so that families who have lost loved ones are not faced with an enormous financial burden in the wake of that loss. While it represents only a tiny fraction of Federal revenue, the death tax can be devastating for a family. We must re-peal this unreasonable and unfair bur-den on thousands of American families, small businesses, and family farms. 
f 
CONDEMNING BOKO HARAM 
(Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
it has been a year since 276 girls were abducted from Chibok Secondary School in northern Nigeria by the mili-tant Islamic group Boko Haram. Since then, we have heard numerous tales of unspeakable atrocities committed by the group, the continued abductions of schoolgirls who have been trafficked and murdered, and the sickening dis-covery of a mass grave with beheaded remains in a formerly Boko Haram- held territory in northern Nigeria. 
Just when we thought that Boko 
Haram had reached its evil peak, the group swears an unholy alliance to ISIL. 
I would like to commend my House 
colleagues for unanimously passing a resolution I introduced condemning Boko Haram. It sent a strong message to the world that America will never tolerate terrorism, and this Congress will never abide terrorists. 
We must continue to stand together 
to fight Boko Haram’s brutal victim-ization of innocent men, women, and children, and defend the basic human right of schoolgirls in Nigeria and around the world to receive an edu-cation. We can never forget our girls, and we can never forgive the cowardly crimes of Boko Haram. 
f 
TAX DAY BRINGS ANOTHER PAIN-
FUL REMINDER OF IRS ABUSE 
(Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, today is tax 
day, bringing us another painful re-minder of our broken Federal Tax Code, which is being enforced at the heavy and, many times, unfair hand of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.010 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2221 April 15, 2015 
the Internal Revenue Service. Simply 
put, American taxpayers are sick and tired of this out-of-control agency. The IRS has grown too large, too powerful, too aggressive, and too involved in the everyday lives of the American people. 
Today the House will pass a series of 
bills to end this abuse, and we invite the U.S. Senate and the President to join us. Our bills will protect the hard- working taxpayers and hold the IRS employees accountable. We create a taxpayer bill of rights, ensuring the American taxpayers are treated with the respect that they deserve. We will take steps to end the politicization of the IRS, which abusively and illegally targeted conservative American citi-zens. 
From lost emails to refusing to tes-
tify before Congress, the IRS abuses must end. I urge my colleagues to sup-port these commonsense bills to bring transparency and accountability to this runaway agency. 
f 
ONE YEAR AFTER THE BOKO 
HARAM KIDNAPPING 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. I rise today in solidarity 
with the Nigerian people who are still terrorized by Boko Haram. 
It has now been 1 year since 276 
schoolgirls were abducted from their dorms and classrooms by Boko Haram. This militant terrorist group continues its violent attacks—kidnapping, rape, murder, and brutality—against chil-dren, women, and men. 
One year ago the international com-
munity joined in the social media cam-paign #bringbackourgirls to raise awareness of this tragic kidnapping. We speak out today to say these girls have not been forgotten, as 219 of them remain missing, their fates unknown. Many American individuals and organi-zations as well as government leaders are continuing efforts to aid the Nige-rian people who have been victimized and to prevent future violence. 
We must keep in mind the atrocities 
committed by Boko Haram as we and our allies continue to fight extremist groups around the world. 
f 
BRING BACK OUR GIRLS 1-YEAR 
ANNIVERSARY 
(Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise to remind my col-leagues that we have not yet succeeded in bringing back the 219 Nigerian girls abducted by Boko Haram on this day last year. For a moment, the plight of those young schoolgirls captured the attention of the world, spurred by mil-lions of tweets and a hashtag that de-manded justice, but as is so often the case with faces of color, their dis-appearance quickly left the headlines. 
We can neither forget nor give up on 
these girls. Their abduction was a vio-lent challenge to peace, to freedom, 
and to the right of every girl to choose to better herself through education. 
Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in 
calling for a renewed effort to bring back those girls and to bring justice to those responsible. 
f 
GIRLS SHOULD NOT FEAR FOR 
THEIR LIVES BECAUSE THEY WANT AN EDUCATION 
(Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to bring back our girls. I recently returned from a bicameral delegation mission to several African countries, focusing on terrorist threats. The girls are still on every-one’s minds, as are the increasingly frequent and violent attacks of Boko Haram. 
With Boko Haram’s recent alignment 
with ISIL, we must do more to counter the growing worldwide threat. We must work with the Nigerian Government and President Buhari, along with the Governments of Chad, Kenya, Cam-eroon, and any other nation willing to stand up and fight. Building partner capacity by assisting in military train-ing and sharing intelligence will go a long way in the fight to end this can-cer. 
We must also ensure that the voices 
of women everywhere are elevated, not just in Nigeria, but around the world. Nowhere in this world should girls fear for their lives just because they want an education. 
f 
WE OWE TAXPAYERS A GREAT 
DEBT OF GRATITUDE 
(Mr. YODER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, today mil-
lions of Americans will take their hard-earned income through toil and labor and send a significant portion of that sweat equity to Washington, D.C., for this Congress to spend, sending tril-lions to continue to feed a bloated and inefficient government. According to the IRS, Americans have spent 6.1 bil-lion hours and $168 billion just simply having their tax returns prepared. These taxpayers bear a heavy burden for our actions here. 
Last year our Federal Government 
took in more money from the Amer-ican people than ever before. Wash-ington doesn’t have a revenue problem; it has a spending problem, which is easy for Congress because they are spending other people’s money. 
Americans expect, when they send 
their tax dollars to Washington, D.C., that we will be good stewards of that money, that we will treat it with the respect for the American people that worked hard to earn it and send it here. 
So today, as Americans head to the 
post office to drop their returns before the deadline, we owe them a great debt 
of gratitude; and in that, I ask that Congress renew its efforts to reduce spending, reform programs, balance our budget, and reduce the heavy weight of the tax burden on these hard-working American people. 
f 
BRING BACK OUR GIRLS 
(Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, today, 
1 day after the 1-year anniversary of the abduction of the Chibok schoolgirls in Nigeria, I rise to encourage my col-leagues here in Congress to continue in their efforts to help bring back our girls. We have protested, demonstrated, tweeted, and spoken about this issue on a number of occasions. Now, with a new Nigerian leader in place, I encour-age Muhammadu Buhari to do all that is within his power to defeat Boko Haram and bring back our girls. 
In an effort to improve the quality of 
life of their young daughters, can you imagine, as a parent, sending your child off to school and never seeing them again? This is the case for hun-dreds of families. This is not right. No family or child should feel threatened when it comes to improving their lives through education. 
Therefore, as we continue to call for 
the total annihilation of Boko Haram, we should also use this moment to em-phasize the importance of establishing safe learning environments for all chil-dren. I commend USAID and other human rights organizations for the work that they have done to accom-plish this goal. 
As a person of color, a mother, and 
an American, I urge you all to do much more to stop Boko Haram and promote safe, quality education for young girls and boys around the world. 
f 
TODAY IS TAX DAY 
(Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Today is 
tax day, April 15, and one of the things that I wanted to bring to the attention of Congress, really, is the amount of waste and abuse that takes place not just within the bloated Federal Gov-ernment, but within the IRS. 
I serve as the vice chair of the Sub-
committee on Financial Services and General Government of the Committee on Appropriations. In this last go- around, we reduced—or cut, actually— the IRS’ budget by about $100 million to $300 million. The IRS Commissioner was before us to tell us that that is too much; it is too much; it is too much; the sky is going to fall; we are not going to be able to process returns; we are not going to be able to give tax-payers assistance. 
But what needs to be told on this 
floor, Mr. Speaker, is that the IRS sends out tens of billions of misapplied 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.011 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2222 April 15, 2015 
or fraudulent payments—tens of bil-
lions. This has to stop. It is not an issue of not making sure that people pay their taxes. 
I am all for making sure that things 
are applied fairly and equitably, but we have an obligation of responsibility to make sure that money is spent appro-priately and efficiently or safeguarded. It is not our money. 
I just wanted, today, to take the op-
portunity to recognize the hard-work-ing moms and dads, individuals across this country who have written their check to Uncle Sam, and they expect us to be good stewards of their hard- earned dollars. 
There are a few bills we are working 
on this week I urge this body to pass. Whether it is balancing the budget or making sure that we eliminate the death tax, we will have our oppor-tunity to make sure that we are hold-ing the Federal Government account-able. 
f 
b1230 
WATER WEEK 
(Mr. COSTA asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to speak about our most precious nat-ural resource: water. 
It is Water Week here in D.C.; but in 
the San Joaquin Valley, in California, it is always Water Week. 
At first glance at this picture, you 
might think this was taken in an un-derdeveloped country thousands of miles away. It is not. These are the squalid living conditions in California’s San Joaquin Valley. They are a direct result of the extreme lack of water in California. 
While, in part, the drought is to 
blame, our inability to move the lim-ited water is exacerbating the crisis. While conditions like these are unac-ceptable, I think to all of us in the richest country in the world, we must do something about it. 
It takes water to grow food, period. 
California grows half the Nation’s fruits and vegetables and more, but this year, some estimates say that 1 million acres out of 6 million acres usually in production will be fallowed. 
In the short term, we need to act on 
operational flexibility to deal with this crisis. In the long term, it is time that we fix this broken water system not just for California, but for the West and for the entire world to whom we provide a large part of the food supply. This is the challenge of the 21st cen-tury. 
f 
TACKLING THE TAX CODE 
(Mr. HARDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to address an issue that has ham-pered the growth and prosperity for 
both individuals and businesses. 
Our economy continues to struggle. 
Our Tax Code shouldn’t be working against us. Each year, hard-working Americans have to navigate the Inter-nal Revenue Code, which stands at tens of thousands of pages. Moreover, the agency charged with collecting taxes from Americans has been scrutinizing and delaying critical paperwork for conservative groups. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand here today to 
advance the conversation surrounding the comprehensive tax reform. From the individual Code to the corporate tax system, reform needs to result in a fairer, flatter system that works for Americans and their businesses, not against them. 
As we labor through another tax day, 
it is a reminder, Mr. Speaker, that we haven’t addressed the Code in close to 30 years. We have the ability to tackle the Tax Code only if we are willing to make hard decisions. 
f 
ADOPT A LONG-TERM HIGHWAY 
FUNDING BILL 
(Mr. DELANEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, in 45 
days, the highway trust fund runs out of money. That means that 90 percent of the road projects in this country will grind to a halt. That is a national trag-edy, particularly when there are nu-merous bipartisan proposals in this Congress to deal with the situation. 
Rather than just focusing on the 
macro statistics, we decided to reach out to my constituents and find out what they think about America’s infra-structure. We received hundreds and hundreds of responses detailing all the problems my constituents have with long commute times, concrete falling down from bridges and hitting their windshields, and water interruptions. 
We cannot let this happen in the 
United States of America in the year 2015. I encourage this Congress to adopt a long-term highway funding bill and stop with short-term measures that just delay the inevitable. 
Let’s invest in America’s future; let’s 
invest in our infrastructure, and let’s stop Americans from having the prob-lems that they have to deal with day in and day out with an underinvested, aging, decrepit infrastructure. 
f 
BOKO HARAM 
(Ms. CLARKE of New York asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. 
Speaker, I stand today with my col-leagues to focus the attention of the world on the 276 young women who were kidnapped by Boko Haram—219 whose whereabouts remain unknown— in Chibok, Nigeria, just a year ago in April. This kidnapping, this act of ter-
rorism, was an attack on the basic human rights of women and girls to 
participate in the civil society, in this instance by attending school to develop their individual talents and God-given potential. 
These young women were violently 
abducted for the explicit purpose of preventing their full participation in the civil society of Nigeria. 
Now, a year after their kidnapping, 
these young women are still missing, and Boko Haram continues to terrorize the people of west Africa, forcing mil-lions of people to flee their home and undermining the foundations of democ-racy. 
We must continue in our efforts to 
find these girls and bring their abduc-tors to justice. The destabilization of Nigeria, Cameroon, and Chad has im-plications for the entire continent of Africa and, indeed, the world. 
We have called on the community of 
nations to bring back our girls. 
f 
BRING BACK OUR GIRLS 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
what you have seen today is the power-ful impact of the women of the United States Congress. 
Earlier today, we joined on the steps 
of the United States Capitol; and in that area that we joined with the young girls who had escaped from Boko Haram, women of faith, and many other advocates, we stood there, arm- in-arm, listening to the stories of those young girls who jumped out of trucks and escaped the violence of Boko Haram and their very thuggish leader. 
The Boko Haram are terrorists. A 
year ago, they stole the ‘‘world’s girls.’’ I led a delegation, joined by my colleagues, to Nigeria. In that effort, we saw the families who were crying and broken. We protested at the Nige-rian Embassy and made a direct call to the then President to ask him to de-nounce Boko Haram. 
Today, we have been on the floor. 
Working with my colleagues, we have continuously said: bring the girls back. 
Mr. Speaker, in Nigeria, 15,000 have 
been killed because of Boko Haram. Also, 1.5 million are displaced persons, 800,000 of which are children. 
I end my remarks by saying: bring 
the girls back. I am delighted to have been with Congresswoman M
ALONEY  
and Congresswoman W ILSON . We will 
never give up on bringing the girls back. They are the world’s girls. They are our girls. 
f 
THE GIRLS OF CHIBOK 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, on the 1- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.012 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2223 April 15, 2015 
year anniversary of the kidnapping of 
the girls of Nigeria, there were solemn acts of remembrance in Nigeria’s cap-ital. 
In the Republic of the Congo, they 
tied red and purple ribbons around the capital. There was a solidarity protest near the Eiffel Tower in Paris and a gathering in London to call for the girls to be returned. 
In my home city of New York, as the 
sun was setting, the Empire State Building was lit up brightly in purple 
and red, purple for violence against women and red for the girls of Chibok. 
It seems like the very act that ripped 
them from the arms of their parents has somehow tied the rest of the world together, united us in our outrage, and armed us with hope. 
Feelings are not enough. It is time 
for action. It is time for the govern-ments of Africa to unite and to act. Al-ready, the Governments of Chad, Nige-ria, Niger, and Cameroon are holding Boko Haram accountable. 
It is time for Western countries to 
unite because we will never, ever forget our girls. We could not forgive our fail-ure to act. 
f 
BOKO HARAM 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize the 1-year an-niversary of the tragic kidnapping of 276 girls in Nigeria. 
I welcome Patience and Saw to Wash-
ington, two of the girls who are with us all day. I thank all of the Members of Congress for taking part in this sad, sad anniversary. We are wearing red and purple today to note the horrible atrocity. 
How much longer do we have to wait 
before the girls are returned to their families? How many more people must die before Boko Haram is defeated? How many more families must be sepa-rated? How many more women will be raped? 
Mr. Speaker, Boko Haram must be 
stopped. We must do everything we can to help the Nigerian Government in bringing back our girls. 
We must continue to march, continue 
to demonstrate, continue to protest, continue to pass legislation, and con-tinue to tweet #bringbackourgirls and #followrepwilson until our girls are re-turned home. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 622, STATE AND LOCAL SALES TAX DEDUCTION FAIR-NESS ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1105, DEATH TAX REPEAL ACT OF 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1195, BU-REAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION ADVISORY BOARDS ACT 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, by direc-
tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 200 and ask for its 
immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 200 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 622) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the deduction of State and local general sales taxes. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. The amend-ment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part A of the re-port of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, 
to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 1105) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part B of the re-port of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 3. At any time after adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1195) to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and amendments specified in this section and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Finan-cial Services. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The amendment printed in part C of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. No further amend-ment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part D of the report of the Committee on Rules. Each such further amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be of-fered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be de-
batable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amend-ments are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Ohio is recognized for 1 hour. 
b1245 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, on Tues-
day, the Rules Committee met and re-ported a rule for three important bills: H.R. 622, the State and Local Tax De-duction Fairness Act of 2015; H.R. 1105, the Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015; and H.R. 1195, the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Advisory Boards Act. 
House Resolution 200 provides for a 
closed rule for consideration of H.R. 622 and H.R. 1105, and a structured rule for the consideration of H.R. 1195. 
The resolution provides 1 hour of de-
bate equally divided between the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means for 
H.R. 622 and H.R. 1105, and 1 hour of de-bate equally divided between the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services for H.R. 1195. 
The resolution also provides for con-
sideration of the two amendments of-fered by the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ) on H.R. 1195 
and provides a motion to recommit for each bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support 
the resolution and the underlying leg-islation. Each of these bills is impor-tant to providing fairness and cer-tainty for our Nation’s Tax Code, en-suring our Nation’s small businesses and family farms are able to pass on to the next generation and ensuring our Nation’s community banks, credit unions, and small businesses are able to work with Federal regulators and have their voices heard. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.014 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2224 April 15, 2015 
Today is April 15. It is tax day. Mil-
lions of Americans are filing their taxes today. They go through this an-nual process, and many Americans are frustrated today because sometimes the Tax Code is frustrating. 
Unfortunately, many Americans are 
also frustrated by the fact that mil-lions of Americans have to wait until the last minute to find out what the Tax Code will be because so many pro-visions in our Tax Code are temporary. 
Last year, the so-called tax extender 
package, which was a batch of tax pro-visions, was retroactively applied for the entire year of 2014, but it didn’t get signed into law until December 19. That is less than 2 calendar weeks from the end of the year. 
Mr. Speaker, we are determined to 
provide a little more certainty and a little more fairness in our Tax Code for the future, and that is what these bills are about today. We are moving for-ward with important legislation that permanently extends a couple of sec-tions in the Tax Code. 
H.R. 622 is a very straightforward 
proposal. In our Tax Code today, Amer-ican taxpayers have the option to de-duct their State taxes. They can de-duct their income taxes. Of course, that provision is permanent. It is in law permanently. 
But if they want to deduct their sales 
taxes, that is an annual provision that has been—it was part of the tax ex-tender package last year, which wasn’t even renewed until December 19. This is an issue of fairness. 
Some States, like Ohio, where I hap-
pen to reside, have an income tax. Other States have a sales tax in its place. For the States that have sales taxes, having this uncertainty is pat-ently unfair, and it pits one State against another. It advantages States that have an income tax and disadvan-tages States that have a sales tax. 
States like Texas and Florida, where 
millions of Americans live, do not have an income tax, and Arizona, they have a sales tax. So we should treat these two tax systems the same. We should be fair and say, if the income tax de-duction is permanent, the sales tax de-duction is permanent as well. 
Certainly, I know the gentleman 
from Colorado brought up some good points yesterday in the Rules Com-mittee meeting. While you could move to make the income tax deduction tem-porary, and that would also provide certainty, I think, until we can do tax reform, we should make these provi-sions permanent because of Congress’ inability to, in a timely way, provide certainty to the American public. 
In tax reform we can have the discus-
sion about deductible as an overall con-cept, and I think that is a fair debate to have. But if we are not going to renew it until December 19, 12 months into the year, that does not create a fair and certain system for our tax-payers. 
We want to ensure that taxpayers 
across the country are treated equally and fairly by our Tax Code. This under-
lying legislation would permanently extend the sales tax deduction, just like the income tax deduction is per-manently in law. 
H.R. 1105 is a proposal to repeal the 
death tax. The death tax conflicts with the American Dream, and it is inher-ently unfair. 
The death tax hurts family busi-
nesses, family farmers, and ranchers. In fact, according to the Joint Eco-nomic Committee, the death tax hurts economic growth and activity by dis-couraging savings and small business growth. It represents a tiny fraction of Federal revenue, but its impact on families is enormous. 
The death tax violates the basic 
premise of the American Dream that if American individuals work hard and provide for their families, that they will get to keep some of that money. 
Many Americans spend their entire 
life working hard to build a nest egg for their families, and yet, through the Federal Tax Code, the Federal Govern-ment can take up to 40 percent of cer-tain estates just because somebody was unfortunate enough to die. 
In my district, which covers parts of 
rural Ohio, this is often a problem for small family businesses and family farms. As the price of land continues to go up and the price of farm equipment, it is a capital-intensive business, and unfortunately, when you have the power to tax something, you have the power to destroy it. 
When these assets trigger the tax in 
the death tax, what many times hap-
pens is part of the family farm or part of the family business has to be sold and liquidated, taken away from the family, just to pay the tax collector. 
In fact, the death tax is one of the 
reasons that some family businesses have been lost from one generation to the next. I don’t think it is fair at all for family businesses to have to pay that type of price. 
Family businesses and farms should 
be able to pass on what they have worked so hard for and what has al-ready been taxed to the next genera-tion, instead of giving 40 percent back to the government. 
The death tax represents double and 
sometimes triple taxation, and it fur-ther penalizes people from saving and investing in their family or their busi-ness and their family farm. I am glad we have an opportunity to move for-ward on this proposal and repeal the onerous death tax. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1195 would 
create a small business advisory coun-cil for the CFPB and codify two other councils that the CFPB did create on their own. 
These councils can advise and con-
sult the CFPB in the exercise of its functions under the Federal consumer financial laws and provide information on emerging practices in the consumer financial products and services indus-try. 
H.R. 1195 provides for a small busi-
ness council to advise the CFPB re-garding small business concerns. It is 
important that the CFPB receive this input from people who are close to the action, who know what is going on in consumer finance, and it is critical for small businesses and community-based financial institutions to have that kind of input and dialogue with the CFPB. 
Small business is the engine of our 
economy, and we need to ensure its vi-ability in the future by making sure that our Federal regulators are well-in-formed of the issues affecting small business as they move forward with im-portant regulations. 
I look forward to debating these bills 
with our House colleagues, and I urge support for the rule and the underlying legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
The rule here today provides for con-
sideration of three bills, all of which I oppose in their current form. I want to talk about each of those. 
We also have, under this rule, a 
closed process. This resolution con-tains the 19th and 20th closed rules of this Congress. 
Instead of having an open debate 
about taxes here on tax day, we see nothing more than recycled partisan measures and attacks on consumer pro-tections that are disguised and under the guise of a small business advisory board, which had historically been a bi-partisan effort. 
While discussing tax legislation on 
tax day may not seem the most excit-ing piece of legislative news to our con-stituents, I hope they are watching today, Mr. Speaker. This rule and this bill we are bringing under it really demonstrate the gulf that exists be-tween our two parties when we talk about things like middle class econom-ics. 
This is a $296 billion tax cut. So if we 
have $296 billion in taxes cut, who are we going to cut taxes for? 
This bill affects 100 families in Colo-
rado. With the same amount of money, $296 billion, we could cut taxes for every American adult by $1,000. 
That $1,000 would mean a lot to mid-
dle class families, Mr. Speaker. It might help pay for your kids’ college tuition. It might help pay for a family vacation. 
But instead of directing money there, 
we are directing it to the very wealthi-est Americans, namely, those who die with more than a $10 million estate for a married couple. I think we see a stark contrast on priorities. 
While I disagree with the policies and 
tactics that are under consideration, I think it is important to talk about what a Democratic majority would do here on tax day. We would certainly not be about to consider a bill that ap-plies to literally zero percent of tax-payers, Mr. Speaker. 
Let me clarify, because that may 
seem strange to some people that this applies to zero percent of taxpayers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.018 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2225 April 15, 2015 
But the bill we are considering with re-
gard to the inheritance tax on estates over $10 million would apply to 0.15 percent of taxpayers. That can be rounded down to zero. 
It doesn’t even apply to those tax-
payers. It applies to them after they are dead. So it applies to zero living Americans. 
Mind you, we won’t have a debate 
about the broken immigration policies that impact over 11 million immigrant workers who would grow the tax base. 
We won’t have discussions on reduc-
ing taxes for the middle class, but we are having policies that affect a few thousand dead people, a few thousand rich dead people, I might add. 
If there were a Democratic majority 
on tax day, we would be working to provide tax relief to middle class fami-lies, rather than offering a bill that would gut one agency whose sole pur-pose is to protect middle class con-sumers and delivering a tax break to rich, dead families. 
We have another bill under this rule, 
ostensibly about a small business advi-sory board. This is a worthwhile effort to provide a small business advisory input to the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau. 
Unfortunately, it is a minimal cost, 
$9 million, but the Republicans are of-fering a way of paying for it that guts the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. They are effectively cutting off your arm to remove a splinter in your pinky. 
Well, look. If the majority was con-
sistent when they say the deficit mat-ters and we must pay for legislation— but we are dealt with two bills that are mutually exclusive. 
On the one hand, they are handing 
out $269 billion in deficit spending through providing tax cuts to 1,000 Americans who are already dead. And on the other hand, they are saying this $9 million dollars, somehow we have to figure out a way of paying for, and they are effectively gutting the finan-cial protection agency to do it. 
That is because this $9 million is ap-
parently a step too far, even though they are offering two bills, one that adds $269 billion to the deficit, and the other adds $42 billion to the deficit, which I will talk about in a minute. 
In this year alone, the House Ways 
and Means Committee has given Con-gress nine tax expenditure bills, at a cost of $317 billion, all unfunded; $317 billion in tax expenditure spending, not even including this $269 billion that they are looking at doing today. 
b1300 
And what bothers me most about this 
rule today is where we say to our-selves: Look, we will spend $269 billion for a tax expenditure for dead rich peo-ple, $42 billion on a tax reform that will ultimately make tax reform hard-er, but we can’t spend $9 million on a bill to help small business. 
I am sure that we all have a lot of 
ideas on both sides of the aisle about how we can spend money. If we have 
$269 billion in tax expenditures to use, why don’t we direct that to a tax cut for small businesses or to reducing the corporate tax rate, which is one of the highest in the world, or reducing the middle class tax rate? But instead, it is being directed entirely to approxi-mately 100 dead people in Colorado, rather than allowing businesses to keep more of their money so they can reinvest in their infrastructure and create jobs, this precious tax break we are giving to 100 dead people in the State of Colorado. 
We should be talking about tax re-
form today. We should be talking about how to reduce taxes for the middle class. Instead, we are having a closed debate about another set of bills that will likely not pass the Senate, and if they got to the President’s desk, he would veto. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this 
rule. The repeal of the estate tax is very hard to explain to our constitu-ents. That is because it is $269 billion that benefits almost no one—less than 100 people in the State of Colorado. 
Now, when my friends call this the 
‘‘death tax’’ or somehow say this will help small business, let’s keep in mind, you don’t even pay inheritance tax on the first $5 million of your estate, $10 million for a married couple. So you can die with a $5 million small busi-ness, a $10 million small business for a couple, and your heirs pay zero tax on that—zero tax. 
What we are saying now is that the 
very limited number of families that might have estates of $50 million or $60 million, instead of paying tax on that, should pay zero tax on that and just have the costs of that added to the def-icit. 
There are a lot of ideas about spend-
ing $269 billion. We could say, oh, we could spend it on schools or science and research. Or even, if we limit ourselves to what we want to do with taxes, why aren’t we lowering taxes on business? Why aren’t we talking about reducing the marginal rate? Why aren’t we talk-ing about reducing all the tax brackets across the board? Why aren’t we talk-ing about a tax refund to middle class families? Instead, we are spending $269 billion on a few hundred dead rich peo-ple. From a tax policy standpoint, that has got to be one of the least produc-tive ways to attempt to cut taxes. 
You want to cut taxes on small busi-
nesses? No argument here. Give it to them while they are living. 
I was a small-businessman before I 
got here. I would have loved to have been able to keep more of my own money to be able to invest in the growth of my small business rather than receive a tax break when I am al-ready dead. This makes no sense in the world. 
Look, we would all love to get rid of 
every tax, wouldn’t we—estate tax, business tax, income tax—but we all agree that government needs so much money to function. We have a House budget. The House 
budget that this body agreed to stipu-lates a certain amount of tax breaks. It is up to our body to decide how to de-liver those tax breaks. 
I honestly think that almost every 
businessowner would rather see lower rates while they are alive so they could grow their companies faster, creating growth and employing people, rather than a tax break after they are dead. 
Proponents of this bill tell stories 
about how many businesses or farms are harmed every year by the estate tax. Well, how many of those same farms and businesses are harmed by the hard-earned money that they are forced to turn over to the government every year? Why aren’t we saying: Give less of your hard-earned income to the government every year? 
But no, the Republican tax-and-spend 
approach continues to oppress small businesses with higher and higher taxes, oppress the middle class with higher and higher taxes, while they are only concerned with delivering a tax break to dead rich people. I simply dis-agree that this is an efficient way to use our Tax Code to spur economic growth. 
Chairman R
YANknows full well that 
I am enthusiastic about having a dis-cussion about our Tax Code: how to cut taxes for business, reduce the burden on small businesses, simplify and streamline the Tax Code by reducing tax expenditures, and bringing down tax rates to ensure that the capital ex-penditures by businesses and rein-vesting in businesses are determined by businessowners rather than by lobby-ists here in Washington. 
These bills are a step in the wrong di-
rection, away from tax reform, and are detrimental to the American middle class and to American small busi-nesses. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume be-cause I have three quick points in re-sponse before I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee. 
First, with regard to the death tax, it 
is important to remember whose money it is in the first place. This money has already been taxed, and it is being taken. Some small businesses, like the gentleman’s from Colorado, grow to be big businesses, and we are for that in America, and that is great. But just because somebody has the misfortune to die doesn’t mean the government should take up to 40 per-cent of their assets. 
Second, with regard to the CFPB, 
this bill was bipartisan, and I hope that we can get it back to a bipartisan bill because the input from small busi-nesses and credit unions and commu-nity banks is something that both sides of the aisle agree on. The dis-agreement is on the pay-for. 
Unfortunately, the gentleman from 
Colorado and his side of the aisle, when they were in charge, when they passed the Dodd-Frank bill, did not subject 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.019 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2226 April 15, 2015 
the CFPB to the appropriations proc-
ess. Therefore, anytime we make any change that requires money, it requires an offset. 
So this offset simply says, beginning 
in 2020, it reduces the cap of the amount that the CFPB can take from the Federal Reserve as an exact offset. It was done by the CBO, was what the chairman of the Financial Services Committee said to us, and they did it as an exact offset for exactly the $700,000 a year it allegedly, according to the CBO, will take to run these three advisory committees. It doesn’t apply any cap until the year 2020. It does apply a cap exactly offset by the amount that it will have cost to run these committees for the budget win-dow, and that starts in the year 2020. 
I am really disappointed that we 
didn’t find a bipartisan offset. I know that the chairman of our Financial Services Committee did say in the Rules Committee that he talked to the minority whip’s office when he did the offset. Obviously folks on the other side of the aisle are upset about that. I am really sorry about it because I do want to acknowledge that it started as a bipartisan bill that passed our Finan-cial Services Committee, which I hap-pen to sit on, on an overwhelmingly bi-partisan basis. In fact, I believe it was unanimous. 
So my last point to the gentleman 
from Colorado is, on comprehensive tax reform, we completely agree. America needs comprehensive tax reform, and nothing in these underlying bills would preclude us from doing comprehensive tax reform. 
But it is important that the Amer-
ican people know that we want to end the death tax. They know that we want to create a situation where there are permanent deductions that are the same for income tax States and sales tax States, and they will be treated fairly. Both those bills are about fair-ness. And of course the CFPB advisory committee bill is about input and mak-ing sure there is a real dialogue with small business before the CFPB creates regulation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UN-
CAN). 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. I want to 
thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding me this time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of the combined rule, bringing all three of these very important bills to the floor today. However, I rise to speak primarily about H.R. 622, the State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act, which is so vitally important to the people of my home State of Ten-nessee. 
Some people refer to today as tax 
day, the day on which individual in-come tax returns are due to the Fed-eral Government. But actually, Mr. Speaker, for most Americans, every day is tax day, counting sales taxes, gas taxes, property taxes, all of the taxes that people pay directly, and then all of the hidden indirect taxes we 
pay on everything in the cost of goods, taxes that are passed on to the con-sumer in the form of higher prices be-cause, to stay in businesses, businesses have to pass their taxes on to the con-sumer in the form of higher prices. 
We are an overtaxed nation, Mr. 
Speaker. Most taxpayers will pay more in taxes of all types this year than on food, clothing, and housing combined. Per person, the Federal Government collected a near record amount in reve-nues over the past 12 months: $3.3 tril-lion just to the Federal Government, and another $1.5 trillion, or perhaps even more, to State and local govern-ments. 
Despite what some people say, Wash-
ington does not have a revenue prob-lem; it has a spending problem—and higher taxes won’t solve it. Tennessee is a prime example of that. It is an ex-ample for the Nation, leading the way, because it is a low-tax State. 
The State and Local Sales Tax De-
duction Fairness Act is especially im-portant to my State because it will help Tennessee families make ends meet by keeping more money in the pockets of hard-working individuals. This deduction is a matter of fairness for Tennesseans to ensure that they are treated the same way the Federal Government treats those in States with State income taxes. 
The State and local sales tax deduc-
tion allows residents in States with no State income tax, such as Tennessee, to deduct their State and local sales tax payments from their Federal in-come tax. This puts Tennessee on equal footing with taxpayers in other States who can deduct their State income taxes from their Federal tax obliga-tion. 
This is a matter of fairness, Mr. 
Speaker. As the gentleman from Ohio just said, Tennesseans shouldn’t pay a larger share of taxes than other tax-payers simply because we pay sales tax and we rely on sales tax instead of in-come tax. Making this deduction per-manent will provide certainty to Ten-nesseans who itemize their taxes and allow them to plan their family budg-ets. 
People all over the country, Mr. 
Speaker, are moving from the high-tax States to the low-tax States. Tennessee benefits from this. Jobs are being cre-ated. Our State’s economy is one of the strongest in the Nation because we keep our taxes low. This is an example the Nation should follow and certainly not one that the Nation should penal-ize in any way. 
I urge support for this legislation. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, before fur-
ther yielding, I yield myself such time as I may consume to address some of the points of my colleague, the gen-tleman from Ohio. 
He asked, Whose money is it? I think 
if you ask any small-businessperson, any person whom we are talking about here—people that are worth over $10 million—and you say, ‘‘Look, would you rather pay higher taxes while you 
are alive or after you are dead?’’ I would bet almost everybody would rather hold on to more of their money. Whose money is it? Let them keep more of their own while they are alive and pay it after they are dead. I cer-tainly would. I would much rather pay the government after I am dead than while I am alive, if we have to pay them at all. 
Number two, he said, Why can’t we 
come up with this pay-for? Well, look, this body, at its very best, just came together around a package over $100 billion for SGR. 
This is $9 million. It is not that hard 
to pay for $9 million for the U.S. Gov-ernment. We probably spent $9 million of U.S. Government time just having this debate right here, keeping the lights on and C–SPAN flowing and the Chamber going. For goodness’ sake, $9 million—it is easy. 
If you allowed this to come up under 
an open rule, Mr. Speaker, plenty of Members could have offered $9 million pay-fors. Take it out of almost any ac-count; it is such a relatively small amount of money. You could take it from almost any government agency you want, and I am sure you can find $9 million to agree on to fund this rather than a backdoor attempt to gut the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. 
Finally, the gentleman from Ohio 
said nothing in here precludes tax re-form. Of course he is right; nothing precludes tax reform. We are just mov-ing further and further away from tax reform by making permanent special interest tax cuts that we all agree are part of the discussion for tax reform to eliminate in order to bring down taxes. So it is moving further and further away. It doesn’t preclude it. It makes it harder. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday was Equal 
Pay Day. If we defeat the previous question, we will offer an amendment to the rule that would allow the House to consider H.R. 1619, the Paycheck Fairness Act, introduced by Represent-ative D
ELAURO , which I am proud to 
cosponsor. 
I yield 31⁄2minutes to the gentle-
woman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ) to discuss our proposal. 
Ms. D ELAURO. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask Members 
to defeat the previous question so that the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) can offer an amendment for the 
House to immediately consider the Paycheck Fairness Act. 
Yesterday we marked yet another 
Equal Pay Day. What is Equal Pay Day? That means that it took 104 days for the average woman’s earnings to catch up with what the average man made last year—104 days. That is ex-actly 104 days too long. 
It has been 52 years since the Equal 
Pay Act became law, and a woman still makes only 78 cents, on average, for every dollar earned by a man. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.020 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2227 April 15, 2015 
b1315 
That is almost $10,000 a year or al-
most half a million dollars over the course of the average career. The gap has barely changed in over a decade. Even in nursing, a profession that is more than 90 percent female, a study last month showed that men earned $5,100 more per year on average than women, when you control for edu-cation, experience, and other factors. 
Clearly, we must do more to close the 
gender pay gap. That is why, 3 weeks ago, I reintroduced the Paycheck Fair-ness Act. My bill would finish the job started by the Equal Pay Act. It would end pay secrecy across the board. 
It would require employers to prove 
that pay disparities are not based on gender. Passing the bill would give real teeth to a very simple principle: men and women in the same job deserve the same pay. 
The Paycheck Fairness Act enjoys 
bipartisan support. It has passed the House twice already and came just two votes shy of passing in the Senate. President Obama has called on us to pass it. 
More crucially still, the American 
people know the importance of pay-check fairness. In October, a Gallup poll asked Americans to identify the top issue facing women in the work-place. Equal pay was, by far, the most common response among men as well as women. 
All across the country today, work-
ing families are in trouble. Wages are stagnant. The single biggest issue that we face today in our economy is that men and women are in jobs that do not pay them enough money to live on. 
Many are struggling—struggling—to 
feed their children and to heat their homes. It is time that we look at equal pay because equal pay is a crucial part of the solution to this problem. 
Women are half of the workforce. 
Two-thirds of us are breadwinners for our families. Lower pay for women means less gas in the car; less food on the table; less money in the college fund; and, yes, less spending to support our economy. 
President Obama and the Depart-
ment of Labor have shown the way by taking action to protect women who work for Federal contractors. It is high time that we in the Congress acted to extend real, enforceable pay equity protection for all women. 
Equal pay for equal work is the right 
thing to do; it is the smart thing to do, and it is the popular thing to do. It is time to make it a reality for all Ameri-cans. 
For those of us who are in the Con-
gress, we all come to this institution from different parts of the country. We come from different skill sets, different educational backgrounds, and different philosophies, yet we are in the same job, and men and women in this insti-tution get paid the same amount of money. That ought to be extended to 
every woman in this Nation. 
That is why we should defeat the pre-
vious question here so that we can in-troduce the paycheck fairness bill. I 
thank the gentleman. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, before 
yielding to the gentleman from Texas, I don’t think we are going to solve nec-essarily the philosophical disagree-ment we have on the death tax be-cause, clearly, we think death is bad enough, it shouldn’t be a taxable event; and the gentleman from Colorado thinks it is a preferable tax. 
On the other one, I would just ask 
the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Speaker, whether he thinks that hav-ing a temporary deduction for sales tax States like Texas—the gentleman from Texas is about to speak—is fair when we have a permanent deduction for in-come taxes for States like Ohio. 
Mr. POLIS. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. STIVERS. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. As we talked about yes-
terday in the committee, it seems like the answer that would move us toward tax reform would mean making the de-duction of income tax temporary rath-er than make them both permanent, moving us away from reform. 
Mr. STIVERS. Thank you, Mr. 
Speaker, to the gentleman from Colo-rado. 
It appears to me it doesn’t matter 
which we choose. We need to equalize the treatment, and neither one takes us further away from tax reform be-cause, in tax reform, we are going to have the entire debate. 
Whatever we do, we just need to 
move to a system that is fair, and I don’t think it is fair today to States like Texas that we are not going to let you know whether you can deduct your sales tax until December 19. It just does not make sense. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
appreciate the gentleman from Ohio yielding. I rise in support of the rule and the underlying legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I think the gentleman 
from Ohio makes a great point. It is not right to have some States given preference versus other States when their States have different methods of taxation. 
I want to focus my remarks pri-
marily on the death tax. I want to first commend the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), who is the sponsor of the 
underlying legislation. 
I have had a bill to deal with the 
death tax and supported doing away with it completely since I have been in Congress. I want to express apprecia-tion for the 79 Members who have co-sponsored my bill in this Congress, which is substantially similar to the bill we will vote on tomorrow. 
Mr. Speaker, the reason this issue is 
so important is because the death tax has a huge effect on farmers, ranchers, and small businesses of all kinds, in-cluding those in my district. It is one of the issues I have heard the most about. It hangs like a cloud over business 
growth and job creation. Now, what we often hear is: Well, the thresholds are so high that it really doesn’t affect anybody but the very rich. 
I just want to make two points. Num-
ber one is we see continual efforts to increase taxes on estates. Even the President’s budget request this year had a different method of increasing taxes. It makes it very difficult for any farmer, rancher, or small- businessowner to plan because you never know what the government is going to do next. 
Secondly, Mr. Speaker, it is wrong to 
levy a tax on what someone tries to leave to their children after they have already paid taxes on it when they earn it and then have the government come and want them to pay taxes on it again. 
It is wrong for an estate of $100, and 
it is just as wrong for an estate of $100 million. We pay taxes when we earn it the first time. We should not have the government come in after death when we are trying to leave it to our heirs, our children, and then take another bite out of it. 
There are too many farms, ranches, 
and small businesses who have had to sell just in order to pay the tax. If there is one thing we want people to do in this country, it is to work hard, to save, and to leave something for our kids so that they can have a better life. 
The death tax punishes you for doing 
that. That is why it is so fundamen-tally wrong, regardless of whether you are leaving a farm, a ranch, a small business, or a lifetime of savings. 
It is time to get rid of it completely 
so it does not hang over us in this country. I support the rule and the un-derlying legislation. I hope my col-leagues will as well. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I would like 
to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank 
the gentleman from Colorado for his very lucid explanation of where we are today. 
Let me say that I hope my colleagues 
will join me in eliminating sequester. We can put that on the floor today that would in actuality provide more fund-ing for education, for military pay, and for the infrastructure. We need to be doing serious work here. 
Let me join my colleague, Congress-
woman D
ELAURO , in opposing the rule 
and the previous question in order to be able to assure that we pass pay eq-uity. Today, in 2015, whether we have the death tax or the sales tax, we have women who are making 75 cents on a dollar and cannot make ends meet. We are having women who are not in the body of this august House and Senate working every day and getting 75 cents on the dollar. It is time for pay equity now. 
Let’s hear the voices raised up to be 
able to support the working women of America who over almost a century ago—not yet—were fighting for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.022 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2228 April 15, 2015 
right to vote. We have gained the right 
to vote, but we are still in an unequal economic circumstance. I want my col-leagues to be as energetic about pro-viding for pay equity. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me say some-
thing that is sort of bifurcated. I will say to you that, on the death tax, there is an equity in that. There is an equity in that because the ability to build that estate has been through the gra-cious laws and hard work of the people, a combination that you are in the cap-italistic system that is here in America and, therefore, the death tax is simply the transfer tax that goes on the basis of all of this money that you have made to be able to help run this gov-ernment. 
I don’t really think that that is of-
fensive at all because there are many tax breaks that have come to the indi-viduals with these huge estates through their lifetime: capital gains tax; many different taxes that they have; R&D taxes, research tax that gives them a benefit. It is not like we are taking money. It is an investment in America. 
Let me also add that I do come from 
Texas, and I do think equalizing of taxes is very important. I really do. What I would like to say to my friends is let us have a comprehensive tax re-form. Let’s get rid of sequester. Let’s pass pay equity. Let’s address the tax problems of people who make $50,000 a year, and that does impact those who pay sales tax. That is a reasonable ap-proach. 
Let’s look at everybody in the circle 
of life, if you will, and make sure that, when we leave this floor tomorrow, we have addressed the concerns of all. Let us look closely at the death tax and the fact that they are not being pun-ished; it is a transfer based upon the bounty of wealth that has been gained over the years and invested because of a capitalistic system that allows that wealth to grow. 
I don’t think anybody can challenge 
that when you have become a Rocke-feller. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. The Rockefellers 
were most notorious, positively, for giving money back because they real-ized that they had gained money through the system here in the United States, their hard work—I am not de-nying that—but, in the overall system that we have, allowed their money to grow. 
I would just make the argument that 
we can do well together in doing a com-prehensive system. I certainly will not ignore the fact that the equalizing of taxes through the sales tax deduction is an important step, but I would like to take many steps. 
I would like my colleagues to join me 
in relieving the sequester but also not voting for the previous question so that pay equity can come to the floor. Vote for the women. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), our whip. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Ohio for yielding. I rise in strong support of the rule and especially in strong support of the un-derlying legislation to repeal the death tax in the United States of America. 
Mr. Speaker, if you look at what the 
death tax is, this is an attack on fam-ily-owned businesses. You are talking about people who have built up, as part of the American Dream, built up busi-nesses that are creating jobs across this country. 
These people, by the way, paid taxes 
all along the way as they were building up that business. The business has al-ready been taxed multiple times in some cases by the Federal Government; yet because of the death tax, when the businessowner dies, the first thing the Federal Government does is Uncle Sam shows up not to issue condolences to the grieving family, but to send them a massive tax bill that, in many cases, Mr. Speaker—in many cases—threatens the very existence of that business. 
What we hear from small- 
businessowners all across the country and family-owned businesses is that, in many cases, when their loved ones die, while they are trying to figure out how to grieve and how to take care of the family from there, in many cases, they have to spend those first few weeks fig-uring out how or even if they can keep the family-owned business. 
In many cases, we see people having 
to sell their family-owned business that they wanted to pass on to the next generation just to pay the death tax. 
This is morally wrong, Mr. Speaker, 
that the Federal Government taxes people on their death after they have already paid taxes building up their businesses, wanting to pass on the American Dream. 
Part of the American Dream is not 
just to own a home or to create good jobs for people, but to be able to pass that on to your kids so that they can experience and live that same dream as well and continue to grow and create jobs. 
What we see so many times because 
of this death tax is that many businessowners spend so much of their time and their resources trying to fig-ure out how to shield their business from the death tax. 
A lot of people aren’t paying this tax. 
They are paying a lot of accountants and attorneys to figure out how to avoid the death tax so they can pass it on to their kids. That is money—mil-lions and billions of dollars—that they could be spending growing their busi-ness, growing jobs, and creating more opportunities for other people not only to have that first job, but to then go out and create their own small busi-ness. 
But, lo and behold, if they are too 
successful, Mr. Speaker, and they grow that business big enough and they have kids they want to pass it on to, eventu-ally, they are going to die, and the one 
constant they know is that their kids will have to face that same decision of whether or not to sell the family busi-ness just to pay the Federal Govern-ment over their death. 
This is morally wrong. It is time we 
repeal this death tax and preserve the American Dream for those family- owned businesses all across this coun-try. 
b1330 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
I have a hard time understanding 
why the Republicans, of all the parties, support H.R. 622, which incentivizes States and Governors to increase their taxes. This is a State and local tax ex-tender. It is a step away from tax re-form. It adds billions to our deficit. 
Do my Republican colleagues realize 
that this bill and its sister policy de-ducting State and local income tax simply subsidizes high-tax States? That is what this does. 
You are saying to Governors, Raise 
taxes as much as you want, Ohio Gov-ernor. Raise taxes as much as you want, Colorado Governor. Don’t worry, the Federal Government will bail you out. We are going to have a Federal bailout for your own high taxes. 
That is what this bill does, and you 
cannot dispute that. They are saying, Oh, it treats it the same. Oh, well, let’s give this same bailout to Texas that we give to Ohio. Okay, let’s bail out Texas for their high taxes and Ohio for their high taxes—brilliant, brilliant. 
It seems like it is at odds with every-
thing the Republican Party pretends to stand for while, here in this body, they are actually advocating to bail out States with high taxes. 
For me, in some ways, that is actu-
ally the most troubling bill we are con-sidering under this rule not because it is the worst policy of the three—that great distinction is owned by directing an enormous tax break to dead people rather than living people—but because the underlying policy of deducting State and local taxes can be defensible. 
This signals that the majority has no 
interest in comprehensive tax reform. It moves us further away from tax re-form by enshrining one of the tax loop-holes that incentivizes States to raise taxes permanently in the Tax Code rather than including it as part of a package that brings down tax rates for American businesses and American in-dividuals. 
Here on tax day, why aren’t we de-
bating tax reform and reducing our tax rates? I am sure to say that there has been someone here on the House floor saying those exact words since 1986, the last time this body took on tax reform, but instead, the House Ways and Means Committee has given us these ‘‘ex-tender’’ bills that all the ones passed this year have moved us $317 billion away from tax reform, away from cut-ting rates for American families and businesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.023 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2229 April 15, 2015 
Each billion that is put in the Tax 
Code represents an additional billion- dollar hurdle to ever getting a bipar-tisan tax reform deal done. 
Now, look, I understand tax reform 
will be hard. No one agrees on what the final product should look like, even though the President and Chairman R
YAN and others have indicated their 
support for the concept, but it should be and needs to be the goal of this Con-gress. 
We can simplify the Tax Code and 
bring down tax rates. We can stream-line the code. We can make sure that businesses invest wherever their pro-ductivity is most enhanced rather than optimize their expenditures to fit the Tax Code that lobbyists have inserted here in Washington, D.C. We can cham-pion small businesses and middle class taxpayers rather than dead rich people and States with high sales taxes. 
These discussions about tax extender 
policy move the baseline further and further away and make tax reform harder and harder to ever get done. Again, it is not adding any certainty to taxpayers. 
If you listen to the majority, the 
folks who understand how these num-bers add up at the end of the day, they know they can’t take tax extenders that cost tens of billions of dollars completely ‘‘off the table.’’ You can’t shield that money and still lower rates in the way that they are promising. The numbers just don’t work. 
If extenders like this are ‘‘still on the 
table,’’ why are we even calling this permanent? We are just further con-fusing people and injecting uncer-tainty. Republicans are telling Gov-ernors: go ahead and raise your sales taxes; we will bail you out. 
At the same time, they are saying it 
is not off the table that some day we might cut that for tax reform, but they are moving further and further away 
from tax reform. 
This bailout of high-tax States is 
simply a step away from tax reform and a step towards encouraging Gov-ernors to raise their sales tax by let-ting them know that the Federal Gov-ernment is here to bail them out. 
We will debate this bill today, not 
pay for it, make it harder to get to tax reform, send a message to Republican States like Texas that it is okay to raise your sales tax, but my hope is, hopefully, this is our last one. 
Maybe we can begin a serious discus-
sion that Chairman Camp started with his outline on tax reform that Chair-man R
YANhas paid lip service to, and 
I hope that we will work on a bipar-tisan proposal that we can begin with-out haste. 
Finally, I want to address the Bureau 
of Consumer Financial Protection Ad-visory Boards Act. Again, Republicans took a bipartisan bill to add a small business advisory board to the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau. It came back costing $9 million—not bil-lion, not trillion—$9 million. 
Rather than allowing Members of 
both sides to come up with a way of paying for it, rather than cutting some 
bloated line of Federal bureaucracy that both sides could have agreed on to pay for $9 million, they are handcuffing the entire agency with effectively a policy rider pay-for that effectively re-stricts the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau in its entirety rather than extending their arm to come up with a bipartisan pay-for. It should be easy to find a bipartisan pay-for for $9 million. 
These concepts represent a stark dif-
ference between our parties: Democrats wanting to cut taxes for middle class and businesses, Republicans wanting to cut taxes for rich dead people and incentivize States to raise their sales tax. 
These rules allow for consideration of 
a tax bill that only serves the needs of a few thousand Americans rather than cutting taxes for the middle class. It allows the consideration of a bill that moves us further away from tax reform by bailing out States like Texas. After a self-executing amendment, this rule would drastically cut the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau. 
We should be having a conversation 
of comprehensive tax reform. We should be talking about how we can make the Tax Code work better for the middle class and small businesses and bring down rates. We should streamline our Tax Code and make our businesses more competitive. 
I hope my colleagues oppose this rule 
and the underlying bill. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday was Equal 
Pay Day. If you defeat the previous 
question, I will offer an amendment to the rule that will allow the House to consider H.R. 16, the Paycheck Fair-ness Act. 
In one of the wealthiest countries in 
the world, it is unacceptable that women are paid significantly less than men for filling the exact same role. It is long past time that Congress acted to close the wage gap. This bill would do exactly that. 
I join Representative D
ELAURO in ad-
vocating we finally enable women, sup-port America’s children and families, and end the crippling drag created by the gender pay gap on our Nation’s eco-nomic prosperity. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule and 
the underlying bills. Instead of talking about providing a tax cut for dead Americans, we talk about providing a tax cut for living Americans. Instead of bailing out States and encouraging them to raise their taxes even more, we give them an incentive to reduce their taxes and, at the same time, reduce the Federal tax rate. Yes, we can—si, se puede. Si, se 
puede. Si, se puede. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the underlying rule and bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
These bills today are about fairness. 
While I certainly agree with the gen-tleman from Colorado about the incen-tive in the deductibility of sales tax, it is really important that we put sales tax States and income tax States on a level playing field. 
Because Congress last year and the 
President did not enact these tax ex-tenders until December 19, it is impor-tant to create a permanent system that creates certainty that does not prevent anything from being consid-ered in comprehensive tax reform. In fact, our side of the aisle has proposed comprehensive tax reform last year and continues to work to enact com-prehensive tax reform that simplifies the Tax Code and lowers the rates. 
On the death tax, we just have a fun-
damental disagreement. We think that repealing the death tax is fair. Small businesses and family farms should not be forced to be sold to pay the tax col-lector. 
With regard to the CFPB, I think 
getting input from small businesses, credit unions, and small banks will en-sure that financial regulations passed by the CFPB are thoughtful and under-stand what the impact will be on the overall economy. 
It is unfortunate that the pay-for has 
become comprehensive. The pay-for is a simple offset that ensures that the CFPB doesn’t spend more money than it costs to operate the CFPB, minus the small $700,000 a year cost for these three advisory councils. 
It is too bad that that became par-
tisan, but I understand from the Finan-cial Services Committee that that ef-fort was worked with the minority whip, and it is too bad that it became partisan. 
The differences between the parties 
are clear. Republicans are for fairness in the Tax Code and ensuring we give input from our small businesses and Main Street before big Washington reg-ulators crush small businesses with op-pressive regulation. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support the rule and the underlying bills. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 200 O FFERED BY 
MR. POLIS OF COLORADO  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 4. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1619) to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of dis-crimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.025 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2230 April 15, 2015 
not exceed one hour equally divided and con-
trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 1619. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal 
to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. STIVERS. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time, and I move the pre-vious question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
TAXPAYER BILL OF RIGHTS ACT 
OF 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1058) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify that a duty of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is to ensure that Internal Rev-enue Service employees are familiar with and act in accord with certain taxpayer rights, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1058 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Taxpayer Bill 
of Rights Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DUTY TO ENSURE THAT IRS EMPLOYEES 
ARE FAMILIAR WITH AND ACT IN AC-CORD WITH CERTAIN TAXPAYER RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7803(a) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesig-nating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4) and by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) E
XECUTION OF DUTIES IN ACCORD WITH  
TAXPAYER RIGHTS .—In discharging his duties, 
the Commissioner shall ensure that employees of the Internal Revenue Service are familiar with and act in accord with taxpayer rights as af-forded by other provisions of this title, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) the right to be informed, ‘‘(B) the right to quality service, ‘‘(C) the right to pay no more than the correct 
amount of tax, 
‘‘(D) the right to challenge the position of the 
Internal Revenue Service and be heard, 
‘‘(E) the right to appeal a decision of the In-
ternal Revenue Service in an independent forum, 
‘‘(F) the right to finality, ‘‘(G) the right to privacy, ‘‘(H) the right to confidentiality, ‘‘(I) the right to retain representation, and ‘‘(J) the right to a fair and just tax system.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 1058, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, today is tax day. We are 
bringing to the floor today a number of bills aimed at one thing, recognizing the fact that the IRS works for the tax-payer, not the other way around. It is their job in the Internal Revenue Serv-ice to make paying your taxes as easy as possible. 
This marks the day that most Ameri-
cans are sending their taxes in; but just ask any of these Americans who probably went to the mailbox today if it is getting any easier, ask them if the IRS is making it easier for them to fill out their forms to do their civic duty. They will tell you that it is clearly not how the IRS is working today. 
We have learned a lot. We have con-
ducted rigorous oversight, led by Mr. R
OSKAM here, into the Internal Rev-
enue Service, into how they operate. We have learned all too well that bu-reaucracies don’t always do what is ef-ficient; they do what is convenient—at least what is convenient for them. 
What we are doing is telling the IRS 
that they are going to have to clean up their act. We are saying that we think most of these bills are common sense, and we are saying that it is pretty much simple, like don’t target people because of their political beliefs, don’t tax donations to tax-exempt groups, don’t send taxpayer information to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.011 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2231 April 15, 2015 
your private email—simple stuff, 
things that citizens should automati-cally expect from the Internal Revenue Service but have not been getting late-ly. 
b1345 
That is why we are bringing these 
bills to the floor. It is so that we can put the taxpayer in front, so that we can put the taxpayer first, so that we can realign the balance so that the In-ternal Revenue Service, like any other government agency, works for the tax-payer and not the other way around. 
I want to make one more point. All of this confusion, all of this un-
fairness, and all of this frustration that we are sensing and that we see on tax day is because our Tax Code is an abso-lute mess. It is way too complicated. It punishes people for saving; it punishes people for investing; it punishes people for working—all of the things that we need in order to build a healthy econ-omy. It is going in the wrong direction. 
We need to make our Tax Code sim-
pler. We need to make it fairer. We need to make it easier for people to comply with. We need to make it flat-ter. We need to make it more inter-nationally competitive. We need to make it so that it can help our econ-omy heal and grow more jobs. We think these bills are the right bills to put the taxpayers back in the driver’s seat, to reassert their rights. 
I just want to say how proud I am of 
the members of our committee—of Mr. R
OSKAM , of Mr. M ARCHANT , of Mr. M EE-
HAN, of Mr. H OLDING , of Mr. R ENACCI , of 
Mr. K ELLY —who all were involved in 
doing vigorous oversight of this gov-ernment agency, who found problems, and who have acted on behalf of hard- working taxpayers to right these wrongs and to make sure that they don’t happen again. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield such 
time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), the 
author of H.R. 1058, the chairman of the Oversight Committee, the person who is in charge of our investigation and who is a member of the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Thank you, Mr. Chair-
man, for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a very sobering 
thing to get a letter from the Internal Revenue Service and to not know what is inside. It is one thing if you go to the mailbox, and it is one of those ones that is a little bit colorful, and you say, Hey, that is a tax refund in there, and isn’t that a delightful piece of mail? Everybody is happy to see that. Yet, when you get one of those other ones that is black and white and has all of that sort of nefarious print—and you know the kind I mean—it sends a chill through you. 
Now, why does it send a chill through 
you? It sends a chill through you based on sort of the past disposition of the Internal Revenue Service. You get this feeling of: Is this an organization—is this an entity?—which has unbeliev-able authority? Are they being fair? 
Are they treating me, as a taxpayer, the way I ought to be treated? 
The reason this becomes so impor-
tant is that we have got a tax compli-ance system in the United States 99 percent of which is voluntary. It is a remarkable thing that 99 percent of American taxpayers voluntarily pay their taxes, and yet they are paying taxes into a system in which their con-fidence is shaken, and it is shaken grievously. It is shaken so much that, on a bipartisan basis, Mr. Speaker, the Ways and Means Committee reported out on a voice vote these things on which Republicans and Democrats have come together. They have said we know one thing: we know what impu-nity looks like when we see it, and we see impunity has seeped into the cul-ture at the Internal Revenue Service, and on a bipartisan basis, we are going to do something about it. I think this deeply resonates with the American public. 
H.R. 1058, the Taxpayer Bill of Rights 
Act of 2015, has received input and sup-port from Nina Olson of the National Taxpayer Advocate. Mr. Speaker, let me read a couple of sentences that she said about this. 
She says: ‘‘A Taxpayer Bill of Rights 
would provide taxpayers with critical information to assist them in their dealings with the IRS, provide the IRS with foundational principles to guide employees in their dealings with tax-payers, and serve as a benchmark to help the IRS leadership and Congress monitor the extent of the agency’s compliance with these rights.’’ 
In just the height of gracious under-
statement, she says this: ‘‘After a dif-ficult period for the IRS, a Taxpayer Bill of Rights has the potential to re-store taxpayers’ trust in both the IRS and the tax system.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, here is what the Tax-
payer Bill of Rights calls for. These would then be enumerated rights the taxpayers would have, and under this legislation, it would be the responsi-bility of the Commissioner of the In-ternal Revenue Service to make sure that these would be in place and that employees would be familiar with these and that the Internal Revenue Service would be acting in accordance with them. It is a list. Let me read it. It is brief, and you are going to love it: 
The right to be informed; the right to 
quality service; the right to pay no more tax than the correct amount of tax; the right to challenge the position of the Internal Revenue Service and to be heard; the right to appeal a decision of the Internal Revenue Service in an independent forum; the right to final-ity; the right to privacy; the right to confidentiality; the right to retain rep-resentation; and the right to a fair and just tax system. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a responsibility 
in Congress, and that is to recognize our role in this whole enterprise. Clear-ly, what has happened is the American public has delegated authority to us, their elected representatives. We, in 
turn, and some of our predecessors, have delegated that authority to the Internal Revenue Service. I would argue—and, I think, on a bipartisan basis that argument is echoed—that that authority has been abused. 
All right. So then what is the rem-
edy? 
The remedy is Congress comes to-
gether, as reflecting the American pub-lic, and it says, We are going to re-claim this. We are going to make this right. There is a whole series of bills today that, I think, will enjoy very, very strong support out of the House. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, I want to 
echo the theme that Chairman R
YAN 
articulated. He said that we are re-minded today that the Internal Rev-enue Service works for the public. The public does not work for the Internal Revenue Service. 
I think that today’s debate and the 
focus with which we on a bipartisan basis come to this is meant to do a cou-ple of things. It is meant to restore confidence in an agency whose con-fidence has been undermined. It is meant to assert and assume a responsi-bility that we in Congress have, and it is meant to restore the confidence of the American people in the democratic process on an overall basis. 
I thank the chairman for his leader-
ship in bringing these bills before the committee, and I urge the passage of H.R. 1058. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1058. Today, this day, April 15, is the due 
date for Americans to file their tax re-turns. On this day, it is important for the House to consider a taxpayer bill of rights. 
This legislation would ensure that 
Internal Revenue Service employees are familiar with the rights guaranteed to taxpayers under the Internal Rev-enue Code. These include the right to 
be informed, the right to be heard, the right to privacy, the right to appeal, 
and the right to a fair and just system. 
Mr. Speaker, we must do all we can 
to protect taxpayers’ rights. In addi-tion to passing this act, Congress must ensure that the agency has the re-sources it needs to properly serve American taxpayers. This year, Amer-ican taxpayers finally felt the shock of the billion-dollar cuts to the agency’s budget. Taxpayers seeking assistance waited in lines for hours. Few could reach a live person when they called the help hotlines, and according to press reports—to written reports, tele-vision, newspapers, and magazines—in New York, the Internal Revenue Serv-ice office even ran out of paper to print extra tax forms after taxpayers waited in long lines for hours. That is not right. That is not fair. That is not just. 
The Taxpayer Bill of Rights Act 
takes an important step in the right di-rection. It is timely and it is just. I hope that we can come together to make sure that our constituents are re-ceiving the services and the protec-tions they deserve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.029 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2232 April 15, 2015 
Again, I thank the gentleman from 
Illinois and my Republican colleague— the chairman—and others for bringing this bill to the floor today. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OS-
KAM). 
Mr. ROSKAM. Thank you, Mr. Chair-
man. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to associate my-
self with the remarks of the ranking member, which are that the American public has an expectation that they are going to be treated with respect and with dignity. With that, I urge the pas-sage of H.R. 1058. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, in closing, 
I support H.R. 1058, the Taxpayer Bill of Rights Act of 2015. On this tax day, we must do more for our taxpayers. I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ for H.R. 1058. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1058, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
IRS EMAIL TRANSPARENCY ACT 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1152) to prohibit officers and employees of the Internal Revenue Service from using personal email ac-counts to conduct official business, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1152 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘IRS Email 
Transparency Act’’. 
SEC. 2. IRS EMPLOYEES PROHIBITED FROM 
USING PERSONAL EMAIL ACCOUNTS FOR OFFICIAL BUSINESS. 
No officer or employee of the Internal Rev-
enue Service may use a personal email account to conduct any official business of the Govern-ment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-
rial on H.R. 1152, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I want to congratulate and thank Mr. 
M
ARCHANT of Texas, a member of the 
Ways and Means Committee, for bring-ing this issue to the floor. I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia, who is the ranking member of the sub-committee, for partnering, along with other members of the minority on the Ways and Means Committee, on this. 
This is a perfect example of Congress’ 
seeing an abuse that was made and rec-tifying it, and that is why these laws are here. 
For the purpose of explaining what 
this particular bill does, I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. M
ARCHANT ). 
Mr. MARCHANT. Thank you, Mr. 
Chairman, and thank you for your leadership in helping advance the IRS Email Transparency Act. 
Mr. Speaker, we have an important 
responsibility in Congress to protect American taxpayers. That is what our constituents sent us here to do. I be-lieve we have the opportunity to do that today. By moving forward this bill, we put safeguards in place for tax-payers, and we bring greater trans-parency and accountability to the IRS. 
H.R. 1152 is a clear, straightforward 
bill that will prohibit the IRS’ officers and employees from using personal email accounts for official IRS busi-ness—a very commonsense thing. 
This bill came as a result of the Ways 
and Means Committee’s investigation into the IRS’ targeting of taxpayers based on their political beliefs. Many of those wrongly targeted were in my district in Texas. The underlying issue of H.R. 1152 is about finding ways to fix the problem and ensuring that such abuses never happen again. This is something that will impact all Ameri-cans. 
One of the abuses the committee dis-
covered in our investigation was that some IRS employees used their per-sonal, nonsecure email accounts to conduct official IRS business. In doing so, they also disclosed confidential tax-payer information. 
b1400 
Lois Lerner, a former IRS official at 
the center of the agency’s targeting scandal, routinely conducted official business involving taxpayer informa-tion on her personal email account. If that is not bad enough, nothing on her personal email is subject to official recordkeeping, which conveniently keeps taxpayer information outside the orbit of proper security. 
Such reckless behavior by the IRS 
breaches the trust between the Amer-ican people and their government. This is wrong in principle and has failed in 
practice. 
Currently, the IRS employee manual 
only says that sensitive but unclassi-fied data can’t be emailed outside the IRS network, but it says nothing about an outright prohibition. In other words, it is bad practice, but it is not prohibited. It clearly didn’t stop Lois Lerner from betraying the confidence of the American taxpayer. 
This bill makes it against the law for 
IRS employees to share confidential tax information on their personal email account. As I said at the outset, Congress has a responsibility to pro-tect taxpayers. Just avoiding a repeat of past failures cannot be our ambition. 
So let’s put commonsense safeguards 
in place, shine the light of trans-parency on the IRS, and provide great-er accountability to the American peo-ple. The IRS Email Transparency Act does just that. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1152, the IRS Email Transparency Act. 
In 2012, the Internal Revenue Service 
prohibited employees from using per-sonal email accounts for governmental or official purposes. This bill simply makes this commonsense rule a Fed-eral law. 
H.R. 1152 responds to the investiga-
tion into the processing of tax-exempt applications. This investigation started nearly 2 years ago, in May 2013. To date, the agency has spent more than $20 million to produce more than 1.3 million pages of documents, including 78,000 emails from Ms. Lois Lerner. 
Mr. Speaker, to date, there has not 
been one shred of evidence produced to support the Republican claim that the processing of applications was politi-cally motivated or intended to target the President’s political enemies. The inspector general even stated that no one outside of the agency was involved in setting the standards for processing tax-exempt applications. The delays experienced by groups were the result of incompetence at the agency in the Exempt Organizations Division. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Texas (Mr. M
ARCHANT ) and my Repub-
lican colleagues for bringing this bill to the floor today. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), the chair-
man of the subcommittee. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman for yielding. 
One of the questions I get at home a 
lot is: How did the Lois Lerner scandal happen? How did it come to pass that that happened, and how do you make sure that it doesn’t happen again? 
Mr. M
ARCHANT ’s bill doesn’t deal nec-
essarily with Lois Lerner 1.0, but it deals with Lois Lerner 2.0. So it is a prohibition against this very cavalier attitude that we have seen coming from the Internal Revenue Service, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.031 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2233 April 15, 2015 
that is to be cavalier about taxpayer 
information. It hasn’t just been leaked through emails. It has been leaked in other sources and in other ways and shapes and iterations, but the effect is the same, and the effect is devastating. 
So this takes away any ambiguity 
that somebody can use their own pri-vate email account and begin to do of-ficial activity. If that is the bright line that is necessary, that is the bright line that Mr. M
ARCHANT ’s bill creates. 
So what we want to make sure is 
that we do more than simply say Lois doesn’t work here anymore, as if that is the remedy, but to actually change these underlying policies, reclaim this authority, and make sure that this can never happen again. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I don’t 
have any other speakers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
ARCH -
ANT) for the purpose of closing. 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, today 
is the day that we should declare that the IRS cannot take our personal tax information and put it on their private email account so that it could be sub-ject to discovery by other people and people who will not observe and revere that information. 
I urge passage today of H.R. 1152. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
ENHAM ). The question is on the mo-
tion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1152, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
TAXPAYER KNOWLEDGE OF IRS 
INVESTIGATIONS ACT 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1026) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit the release of information regarding the status of certain investigations, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1026 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Taxpayer 
Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act’’. 
SEC. 2. RELEASE OF INFORMATION REGARDING 
THE STATUS OF CERTAIN INVES-TIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6103(e) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(11) D
ISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION REGARDING  
STATUS OF INVESTIGATION OF VIOLATION OF THIS  
SECTION .—In the case of a person who provides 
to the Secretary information indicating a viola-tion of section 7213, 7213A, or 7214 with respect 
to any return or return information of such per-son, the Secretary may disclose to such person (or such person’s designee)— 
‘‘(A) whether an investigation based on the 
person’s provision of such information has been initiated and whether it is open or closed, 
‘‘(B) whether any such investigation substan-
tiated such a violation by any individual, and 
‘‘(C) whether any action has been taken with 
respect to such individual (including whether a referral has been made for prosecution of such individual).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by this section shall apply to disclosures made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1026, currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. At this 
time, I would like to thank Mr. K
ELLY , 
a member of the Ways and Means Com-mittee, along with the minority rank-ing member for their diligence in un-covering this problem also. You are seeing a theme here, Mr. Speaker, which is both the Republican and Democratic side of the Ways and Means Committee in conducting oversight saw abuses that needed to be fixed. We are fixing these abuses so that they can’t happen again, in this statute. 
For the purpose of describing this 
particular legislation, I would like to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), the author of the bill. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I thank 
the chairman for yielding me this time. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1026, as has been 
described, this actually had come be-fore Congress before. Dr. B
OUSTANY and 
Mr. R OSKAM have presented this. This 
is about taxpayer knowledge of IRS in-vestigations. 
Now, this would make sense to al-
most everybody to understand what ex-actly has been going on. Under section 6103 in the Tax Code, it is a felony to disclose or to compromise people’s tax information and give it to other groups to work with. We shouldn’t have to pass laws like this; but unfortunately, laws are not made and governments are not run by angels but they are run by men, so we have to have oversight over what has happened. 
This piece of legislation gives the 
same rights to those people whose in-formation has been violated, whose in-formation has been compromised, as is given to IRS personnel. We found out 2 years ago, and Dr. John Eastman really 
made the point of it for the National Organization for Marriage, their tax in-formation on their people, their mem-
bers, was given out, and it went to Human Rights Campaign. Now, you would think by the name of that that it makes sense, Human Rights Cam-paign, those are probably good people, but you cannot divulge private tax in-formation to anybody else. It is a fel-ony to do that. But section 6103 also prevented those whose tax information was divulged, they couldn’t get infor-mation on it. They weren’t allowed to even inquire and were not allowed to be informed of what was taking place. Did it in fact take place? Well, we knew it took place because it was out in the public. 
Secondly, who was it who divulged 
it? We don’t know. We can’t talk to you about that because that is pro-tected under the Tax Code. 
Well, is there an investigation? We 
can’t tell you that either, because that is protected. We can’t tell you who it was who divulged it, who they divulged it to, is there an investigation or is there not an investigation. And at the end of it, was there proof found that this was actually done? If so, what is the penalty for it? Those are basic te-nets of what we are as Americans. 
So I submit to people, this is not a 
Republican or Democrat issue, as we know it—Mr. L
EWIS is a good friend of 
mine—it is American tenets. It is what we firmly believe as Americans. No-body should be able to do that to us; and if they do that to us, we should be able to inquire about the status of that. This piece of legislation gives every single taxpayer the same rights as those doing the investigation, those doing the leaks and the findings. 
Now, if we are to restore the Amer-
ican people’s confidence in our form of government, this is essential. We can’t allow these things to happen and then say, well, we could have helped you ex-cept for one thing in the Tax Code, sec-tion 6103(e). What is going to happen, those people are going to look at us and say: I have absolutely no idea what you are talking about. We say: Well, we can’t really let you know what hap-pened. 
So if it really is an American prin-
ciple and if we really do need to have faith and trust and feel that we are all being treated the same way and in an honest way, and if that is the only way to restore the confidence that the peo-ple need to have and the trust they have in our form of government and those of us who they have sent to rep-resent them, then this type of legisla-tion has to take place. 
I am so proud of what our Committee 
on Ways and Means is doing today under Chairman R
YAN and under Mr. 
ROSKAM . What are we doing? We are 
protecting taxpayers and taxpayers’ rights. This is so fundamentally Amer-ican. This shouldn’t be anything you even have to stop and think about. 
So what we are proposing today 
under H.R. 1026 is that the taxpayers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.033 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2234 April 15, 2015 
have the same information and the 
same knowledge of what is going on with their accounts, what has been di-vulged, who divulged it, is there an on-going investigation, what were the findings of that investigation and who is being held responsible, and more im-portant than that, who is being held accountable? These are felonies. Until 
we get to the point where the Amer-ican people have faith and trust in us again and restore their confidence, we have nothing. 
In America’s House, we as Members 
have got to make sure that every sin-gle day we safeguard the rights of every single American. Unfortunately, this has not taken place in the past, and we have to move forward with it. 
I do know that today being April 15 is 
a day that most people dread. Listen, tax revenues are necessary. We need to have an agency to collect them. But by the same token, when it turns out that those people in that agency—and not all of them, but we have some people in there that are violating individuals’ rights, then we have to come forward and we have to champion legislation that protects the same people who voted us into office and sent us to de-fend them. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1026, the Taxpayer Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act. 
Earlier this afternoon, the House 
passed H.R. 1058, the Taxpayer Bill of Rights Act. Two of the rights included in that bill were the right to confiden-tiality, the right to be informed. This bill complements that legislation. 
Generally, tax returns are confiden-
tial and may not be disclosed unless authorized by the Internal Revenue Code. Section 6103 of the Code provides certain exceptions. These do not in-clude telling a taxpayer if there has been an unauthorized disclosure of his or her tax return information. Fines, criminal penalties, or both apply to the unauthorized inspection or disclosure of tax return information. 
H.R. 1026 would allow the Internal 
Revenue Service to update a taxpayer on the status of investigations of unau-thorized disclosure of his or her tax re-turn. They would be allowed to know whether the investigation started, is open, or is closed. 
This is a simple, commonsense bill. 
Taxpayers have a right to know if their tax return information has been com-promised. 
b1415 
I want to thank my friend, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, my Repub-lican colleague; the ranking member of the subcommittee; and the chairman for bringing this bill to the floor today. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
may I inquire as to how much time is remaining on each side, please? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) has 171⁄2minutes remaining, and the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) has 18 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself 4 minutes. 
This one, this case, really boils my 
blood. Let me just try and describe in a simple way what Mr. K
ELLY is fixing 
here and what happened to honest, hard-working taxpayers in America in this case. 
There is an organization that is a 
nonprofit organization advocating free-ly in our free speech society for their view on a cause—I won’t even say what cause it is—advocating for their view, a charitable nonprofit. 
The Internal Revenue Service took 
their confidential filing and list of their donors to their cause, and the In-ternal Revenue Service broke the law and leaked it to an outside individual not with the Internal Revenue Service. This list of donors to this cause went out on the Internet. It was released to the public by the opponents of this cause. 
Guess what happened. The people 
who confidentially, privately donated— exercising their free speech rights to advocate for a cause—found themselves intimidated, found themselves har-assed because their personal, private information had been released by the IRS to the public. 
This organization asked the Internal 
Revenue Service: What just happened? How did this private document with the private information of our donors to our cause get out there on the Inter-net and hosted on the page by our op-ponents of our cause? 
The Internal Revenue Service in turn 
said: We can’t answer your question. 
The advocates of the cause, trying to 
defend the privacy of their donors—a free speech right—said: Well, are you investigating this? Are you looking into this? Are you holding somebody responsible? Is there an investigation into how this private information got out on the Internet? 
They said: We can’t answer that 
question. 
Unbelievable—that is not freedom; 
that is not liberty. That is not how this IRS will ever act again if we have any say-so over this. 
That is why Mr. K
ELLY is writing 
this bill, to make sure that people’s privacy is protected and that it is not leaked to the public or to the oppo-nents of a cause that they care about. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), the chair-
man of the subcommittee. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, you are 
noticing a theme here, and that is in-timidation and impunity. That is a bad combination when a culture of impu-nity develops and an agency says: We can do what we want, when we want, and how we want to; and we can in-timidate who we want, how we want, and when we want to. 
Said another way, here is what the 
IRS did: the IRS broke the law, and then they used the law to conceal it. They broke the law, and they used the 
law. That is a manipulation. That is a manipulation that no side of this Con-gress is going to stand for. 
That is a manipulation that has to be 
answered. That is a manipulation that has to be put down, that we cannot be complicit with. You cannot break the law and then use the law to conceal it. That is exactly what happened in this case. 
In other words, the IRS releases this 
information in violation of the law; and then, when they are asked about it, they say: Well, we would just love to tell you about it, but it is against the law for us to tell you about it. 
That is ridiculous. That is so jarring 
that now we have had a situation and we have had a culture that has devel-oped over a period of time at the Inter-nal Revenue Service where breaking the law and using the law to conceal it is considered what? It is considered normal. 
I am proud of the House today be-
cause the sensibilities of the House of Representatives is to say that is not normal, that is not acceptable, that is not right, and that will not be toler-ated. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I support 
the piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) for the purpose of closing. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I agree with everything my colleagues have said. I think Ameri-cans need to look at what is going on in their House—America’s House— today and to understand that we do un-derstand the difference between right and wrong. We also understand that sometimes absolute power corrupts ab-solutely. 
We started years ago looking into 
this. We still don’t have all the an-swers. I would just tell some of our fel-low citizens that we are not done yet because we knew those things have happened. 
I think what the chairman has ex-
pressed and Mr. R
OSKAM has expressed 
is the outrage we feel because it is not only our responsibility, it is our duty to protect every single one of Amer-ica’s citizens. To divulge the informa-tion that was divulged and to do it in such a way to use the law to break the law makes absolutely no sense to any of us. 
This isn’t really about either side of 
the aisle. This is about all of us, to-gether, doing what is right for the American people. This should recon-firm to the American people that we are here acting in their best interest and defending them every single day that we sit in session and that we sit in office. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.035 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2235 April 15, 2015 
RYAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1026, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal re-lating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organiza-tions, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1314 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring Tax 
Exempt Organizations the Right to Appeal Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ADMINISTRATIVE APPEAL RELATING TO 
ADVERSE DETERMINATIONS OF TAX- EXEMPT STATUS OF CERTAIN ORGA-NIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7123 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end of the following: 
‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATIVE APPEAL RELATING TO  
ADVERSE DETERMINATION OF TAX-EXEMPT STA-
TUS OF CERTAIN ORGANIZATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-
scribe procedures under which an organization which claims to be described in section 501(c) may request an administrative appeal (including a conference relating to such appeal if requested by the organization) to the Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals of an adverse deter-mination described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) A
DVERSE DETERMINATIONS .—For purposes 
of paragraph (1), an adverse determination is described in this paragraph if such determina-tion is adverse to an organization with respect to— 
‘‘(A) the initial qualification or continuing 
qualification of the organization as exempt from tax under section 501(a) or as an organization described in section 170(c)(2), 
‘‘(B) the initial classification or continuing 
classification of the organization as a private foundation under section 509(a), or 
‘‘(C) the initial classification or continuing 
classification of the organization as a private operating foundation under section 4942(j)(3).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply to determinations made on or after May 19, 2014. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1314, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. M
EEHAN ) for his work in 
crafting this legislation and for bring-ing it to the floor. This, too, is one of the important things that we needed to do to restore some trust and confidence and accountability at the Internal Rev-enue Service. 
For the purpose of describing the leg-
islation, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. M
EEHAN ). 
Mr. MEEHAN. I thank the chairman 
for his recognition and support of this very, very—once again—thematically important bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of what is commonsense legislation, H.R. 1314. What it does is gives tax-ex-empt status applicants whose applica-tion is denied the right to appeal that decision. That seems fundamental, doesn’t it, in a country likes ours, where the Constitution built within it the concept of the right to petition your government for the decisions that they make. 
The purpose of the legislation is sim-
ple. What it will do is codify in statute the requirement for the IRS to create a mechanism by which 501(c) organiza-tions—tax-exempt organizations—if they get an adverse determination of their tax-exempt status, they can re-quest an administrative appeal to the agency’s internal Office of Appeals. 
My colleague from Illinois talked 
about the concept here of impunity. To me, this is a lot of what this speaks to. The idea that an administrative agen-cy—in this case, the IRS—will take this application and then would make a decision—it was because of the good work that was done in the previous Congress by this committee and the Oversight Subcommittee of this com-mittee, that they exposed the reality that, in many cases, these particular appeals, these particular decisions, were being made after the applicant was being targeted because of the fact that they had chosen to express par-ticular political views in the context of their application. 
What was done was that those appli-
cations, once denied, were diverted to a different part of the structure in which they went to die. That made the IRS the judge; the jury; and, in fact, the executioner because you were done with respect to your application. There was no place else to go. 
Now, I have to say that, when this 
came to light because of the work of this committee, the IRS did issue in-terim guidance in May 2014 that en-sured that all groups subject to a de-nial would have the right to appeal the decision. 
This bill today, H.R. 1314, codifies 
that guidance into law so there is no ambiguity and that, once again, we 
don’t have the ability of the IRS to in-discriminately and sua sponte make their own decisions about when Amer-ican taxpayers should have the right to be able to petition for an appeal of an adverse decision. 
Mr. Speaker, I will enter in the 
R
ECORD a letter from the Small Busi-
ness and Entrepreneurship Council which supports the legislation. 
The group writes: ‘‘H.R. 1314 is an im-
portant bill as it allows taxpayers an additional right to petition their gov-ernment when they disagree with a de-cision.’’ 
That is the fundamental challenge 
that we have to the impunity which has been taking place. 
SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP COUNCIL , 
Vienna, VA, April 13, 2015. 
Hon. P ATMEEHAN , 
Cannon Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARREPRESENTATIVE MEEHAN : The Small 
Business and Entrepreneurship Council is pleased to support H.R. 1314, a bill that would allow for an appeals process for those organizations that are denied tax-exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). 
H.R. 1314 is an important bill as it allows 
taxpayers an additional right to petition their government when they disagree with a decision by the IRS to deny tax-exempt sta-tus. Given the clear and well-documented bias by IRS staff that thwarted and delayed the approval of organizations based on their ideology, more accountability and protec-tion for taxpayers is needed. H.R. 1314 pro-vides that check. 
Thank you for your leadership on this im-
portant issue. 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN KERRIGAN , 
President & CEO. 
Mr. MEEHAN. I urge my colleagues, 
as they have on our subcommittee and our committee with their unanimous support from both sides of the aisle, to support this commonsense taxpayer protection and to send an unmistak-able signal to the American taxpayers that they should not be targeted by the IRS for their political views. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1314. Currently, not all 501(c) organiza-tions are able to appeal decisions re-garding the application for tax-exempt status; instead, the right to appeal de-pends on whether the application was processed inside the Internal Revenue Service. 
This bill would give the right of an 
administrative appeal to all organiza-tions that apply for tax-exempt status. It is a good, commonsense bill. I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1314, and I thank the chair of our full com-mittee and the sponsor of this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I thank the 
gentleman from Georgia as well for his comments. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), 
the chairman of the subcommittee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.037 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2236 April 15, 2015 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman for yielding. 
This is a classic example of the IRS 
basically putting the American tax-payers in a nice little cul de sac. They would come in; you would have a proc-ess, and they would review something and so forth and so on. 
Then rather than moving you 
through where you could get a disposi-tion, rather than moving you through to where you could get an answer, rath-er than moving you through so you knew that there was somebody unbi-ased that was looking at something, they essentially moved you into a cul de sac and just kind of let you walk around the neighborhood for a while and not particularly caring about the 
disposition of this. 
b1430 
I want to say, Mr. Speaker, these 
bills that we are discussing today, many of them were authored and have been highlighted and brainstormed by Dr. C
HARLES BOUSTANY , the former 
chairman of the Oversight Sub-committee. And now, on a bipartisan basis, folks have come together. 
So I want to congratulate Mr. M
EE-
HANfor the procedure by which this has 
now been expedited and the expecta-tion that people will be fairly consid-ered and fairly reviewed and that they won’t be stuck in a cul-de-sac with no way out. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EEHAN ) for the purpose of closing. 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I think 
the point has been made very articulately by all of the speakers who have talked about what really is a fun-damental and simple issue, which is the right to appeal to your govern-ment. 
What concerned me the most when 
we began to look at what occurred with the IRS conduct in the context of the applications by the organizations which were denied based on their per-ceived political views or religious views, that the process for these par-ticular applicants was changed; that it went to a different division, where, as my colleague from Illinois identified, it went to die in the cul-de-sac. 
So this is a question of fundamental 
fairness, that every American taxpayer should have the right to be treated equally. That is all we are asking for here, fundamental, equal treatment, and the right, when you disagree with the decision by an IRS administrative official, to have somebody else ques-tion that decision. 
That is fundamental. It is simple. It 
is basic American, and I am very proud that we have colleagues from both sides of the aisle who have joined to-gether to petition to assure that that right is codified into law. That is what we accomplish today. 
I am grateful for the support of all of 
my colleagues and the leadership of the chairman of the subcommittee, who 
has been helping to bring to light these abuses. I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1314, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
IRS BUREAUCRACY REDUCTION 
AND JUDICIAL REVIEW ACT 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1295) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the process for making determinations with respect to whether organizations are exempt from taxation under sec-tion 501(c)(4) of such Code, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1295 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘IRS Bureauc-
racy Reduction and Judicial Review Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATIONS REQUIRED TO NOTIFY 
SECRETARY OF INTENT TO OPERATE AS 501(c)(4). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part I of subchapter F of 
chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 506. ORGANIZATIONS REQUIRED TO NOTIFY 
SECRETARY OF INTENT TO OPERATE AS 501(c)(4). 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—An organization described 
in section 501(c)(4) shall, not later than 60 days after the organization is established, notify the Secretary (in such manner as the Secretary shall by regulation prescribe) that it is operating as such. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS OF NOTICE .—The notice re-
quired under subsection (a) shall include the following information: 
‘‘(1) The name, address, and taxpayer identi-
fication number of the organization. 
‘‘(2) The date on which, and the State under 
the laws of which, the organization was orga-nized. 
‘‘(3) A statement of the purpose of the organi-
zation. 
‘‘(c) A
CKNOWLEDGMENT OF RECEIPT .—Not 
later than 60 days after receipt of such a notice, the Secretary shall send to the organization an acknowledgment of such receipt. 
‘‘(d) E
XTENSION FOR REASONABLE CAUSE.— 
The Secretary may, for reasonable cause, extend the 60-day period described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(e) U
SERFEE.—The Secretary shall impose a 
reasonable user fee for submission of the notice under subsection (a). 
‘‘(f) R
EQUEST FOR DETERMINATION .—Upon re-
quest by an organization to be treated as an or-ganization described in section 501(c)(4), the Secretary may issue a determination with re-spect to such treatment. Such request shall be treated for purposes of section 6104 as an appli-cation for exemption from taxation under sec-tion 501(a).’’. (b) S
UPPORTING INFORMATION WITHFIRSTRE-
TURN .—Section 6033(f) of such Code is amend-
ed— 
(1) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘, and’’, 
(2) by striking ‘‘include on the return required 
under subsection (a) the information’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘include on the return re-quired under subsection (a)— 
‘‘(1) the information’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) in the case of the first such return filed 
by such an organization after submitting a no-tice to the Secretary under section 506(a), such information as the Secretary shall by regulation require in support of the organization’s treat-ment as an organization described in section 501(c)(4).’’. 
(c) F
AILURE TOFILEINITIAL NOTIFICATION .— 
Section 6652(c) of such Code is amended by re-designating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as para-graphs (5), (6), and (7), respectively, and by in-serting after paragraph (3) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) N
OTICES UNDER SECTION 506.— 
‘‘(A) P ENALTY ON ORGANIZATION .—In the case 
of a failure to submit a notice required under section 506(a) (relating to organizations required to notify Secretary of intent to operate as 501(c)(4)) on the date and in the manner pre-scribed therefor, there shall be paid by the orga-nization failing to so submit $20 for each day during which such failure continues, but the total amount imposed under this subparagraph on any organization for failure to submit any one notice shall not exceed $5,000. 
‘‘(B) M
ANAGERS .—The Secretary may make 
written demand on an organization subject to penalty under subparagraph (A) specifying in such demand a reasonable future date by which the notice shall be submitted for purposes of this subparagraph. If such notice is not submitted on or before such date, there shall be paid by the person failing to so submit $20 for each day after the expiration of the time specified in the written demand during which such failure con-tinues, but the total amount imposed under this subparagraph on all persons for failure to sub-mit any one notice shall not exceed $5,000.’’. 
(d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions for part I of subchapter F of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 506. Organizations required to notify Sec-
retary of intent to operate as 501(c)(4).’’. 
(e) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, any fees collected pursuant to section 506(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by subsection (a), shall not be ex-pended by the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate unless provided by an ap-propriations Act. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
this section shall apply to organizations which are described in section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and organized after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ERTAIN EXISTING ORGANIZATIONS .—In the 
case of any other organization described in sec-tion 501(c)(4) of such Code, the amendments made by this section shall apply to such organi-zation only if, on or before the date of the en-actment of this Act— 
(A) such organization has not applied for a 
written determination of recognition as an orga-nization described in section 501(c)(4) of such Code, and 
(B) such organization has not filed at least 
one annual return or notice required under sub-section (a)(1) or (i) (as the case may be) of sec-tion 6033 of such Code. 
In the case of any organization to which the 
amendments made by this section apply by rea-son of the preceding sentence, such organization 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.039 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2237 April 15, 2015 
shall submit the notice required by section 
506(a) of such Code, as added by this Act, not later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. DECLARATORY JUDGMENTS FOR 501(c)(4) 
ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7428(a)(1) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (C) and by inserting after subparagraph (D) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) with respect to the initial classification 
or continuing classification of an organization described in section 501(c)(4) which is exempt from tax under section 501(a), or’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply to pleadings filed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1295, currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I would like to thank Mr. H
OLDING for 
bringing this bill to the floor, bringing it through committee. 
I would like to thank the ranking 
member from Georgia as well for his support. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) for the 
purpose of describing his bill. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman. 
H.R. 1295, the IRS Bureaucracy Re-
duction and Judicial Review Act, has two simple goals. First, it will provide newly formed 501(c)(4) organizations with a mandatory yet simple process for registering with the IRS. Within 60 days of establishment, a new 501(c)(4) will be required to provide notice of formation and intent to the IRS. The IRS, in return, must issue an acknowl-edgement of receipt to the notifying organization. 
Second, this legislation would offer 
501(c)(4)s the ability to seek judicial re-view should the IRS deny their applica-tion for recognition, fail to act on the application, or inform an organization that it is considering revoking or ad-versely modifying its tax-exempt sta-tus. This would be conducted under the 7428 declaratory judgment procedure that is currently afforded to other tax- exempt organizations. 
Mr. Speaker, it is important to note 
that this legislation does not change the requirement for 501(c)(4)s to file an annual 990 or alter any of the other re-porting requirements currently man-dated for 501(c)(4)s. Now, thanks to the efforts of Chair-
man R
OSKAM of the Oversight Sub-
committee, leading a team of us, we know that last year the IRS spent nearly 10,000 hours reviewing 501(c)(4)s. So this legislation before us would sim-plify the review process for the IRS and allow them to better focus their re-sources on the thousands—thousands, Mr. Speaker—of 501(c)(3) applications which are outstanding and languishing for review. 
So I urge the support of this bill, and 
I thank the chairman. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self as much time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1295. I support the improvements the bill makes to the taxpayers’ exempt process for social welfare organiza-tions. 
Under current law, social welfare or-
ganizations are not required to file for tax-exempt status with the Internal Revenue Service, although many orga-nizations do apply for greater cer-tainty. From 2009 to 2012, the number of social welfare organizations apply-ing for tax-exempt status nearly dou-bled, from 1,800 to 3,400 requests. 
But for an organization that simply 
starts operating as a social welfare or-
ganization without applying for tax ex-emption, the agency does not have any information on the organization until it files its annual information return. This return, known as Form 990, may not be due until more than a year after the organization has already been oper-ating. 
This bill, which I think is a good bill, 
is a commonsense bill, requires all so-cial welfare organizations to file a no-tice of formation with the agency no later than 60 days after the organiza-tion is established. The intent is to provide the agency with certain key in-formation. 
I believe this bill could have done 
more. Currently, social welfare organi-zations are permitted to engage in po-litical campaigns. However, an organi-zation’s primary work cannot be en-gaging in political activities. 
I am concerned that the information 
required to be provided to the agency under this bill, and in the first annual information return, may not be suffi-cient. It is important that the agency can clearly identify all cases in which the organizations engage in an inappro-priate amount of political activity. 
To address this concern, the bill 
should require these organizations to indicate whether they engage or intend to engage in political activity. 
Although this bill does not go far 
enough, I support the improvement it makes. I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ for H.R. 1295. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), the chair-
man of the subcommittee. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Chairman R YANfor yielding. Congressman H OLDING ’s idea is a 
great idea, and we should enact it with dispatch and get it done with. And the reason is, according to the IRS, their 2014 data book—this is published by the Internal Revenue Service—they have said that they have spent 10,000 hours reviewing 4,000 applications for 501(c)(4) organizations, which sounds sort of in-teresting. 
Except there is a plot trap. And you 
know what the plot trap is? They only said ‘‘no’’ to eight of them. 
So, said another way, the way P
ETER  
ROSKAM thinks about the world, that is 
10,000 hours of a complete waste of time. That is 10,000 hours from an orga-nization that is saying, Oh, we are just begging for mercy, and we are not able to meet these claims, and we are not able to make these calls. 
Now, I have got an email here that 
the Commissioner sent out to all the IRS employees at the beginning of this year. It is January 13, 2015. And you know how normally, around a dinner table, when people say, Hey, you know, it is getting really tough out there. We are going to have to do what? We are going to have do more with less. 
That is what we do, as Americans, 
don’t we? We do more with less. That is who we are as a people. 
But that is not the Internal Revenue 
Service. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. They don’t disappoint. You know what the Internal Revenue Service says? 
We are going to do less with less. We 
are going to do less with less. 
So this is an organization, now, that 
has spent 10,000 hours of taxpayer time, completely squandering it. Stay tuned next week, and come to the Oversight Subcommittee, where you are not going to be disappointed when you learn more things about the IRS budg-et and some of the things that we are going to be discussing. 
But my point is this: Representative 
H
OLDING ’s concept says, this is a com-
plete waste of time. Let’s clean this up. Let’s free up 10,000 hours so that we can do more with less and reject the IRS notion that the best that they can do is to do less with less. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) for the purpose of closing on 
his bill. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the distinguished gentleman from Georgia for the support of this bill. 
I thank the chairman, Mr. R
OSKAM , 
of the subcommittee, for the support of this bill because, by streamlining the registration process for newly formed 501(c)(4)s with the IRS and providing them with the ability to seek judicial review similar to such review that other tax-exempt organizations have, we can have a process, Mr. Speaker, that is both simpler and fairer for the folks who want to get involved in their communities and across the Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.009 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2238 April 15, 2015 
Civic engagement should not require 
jumping over hurdles or a long, drawn- out review process by the IRS. If you play by the rules, the IRS should not be a hindrance to your activities. 
So, once again, I urge support of this 
bill. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1295, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PREVENT TARGETING AT THE IRS 
ACT 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 709) to provide for the termination of employment of employ-ees of the Internal Revenue Service who take certain official actions for political purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 709 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Prevent Tar-
geting at the IRS Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OF IN-
TERNAL REVENUE SERVICE EMPLOY-EES FOR TAKING OFFICIAL ACTIONS FOR POLITICAL PURPOSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (10) of section 
1203(b) of the Internal Revenue Service Restruc-turing and Reform Act of 1998 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(10) performing, delaying, or failing to per-
form (or threatening to perform, delay, or fail to perform) any official action (including any audit) with respect to a taxpayer for purpose of extracting personal gain or benefit or for a polit-ical purpose.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 709, currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
ENACCI ) 
to describe the contents of his bill, and thank Mr. R
ENACCI for bringing this 
issue to our attention, for crafting this legislation, for moving it through com-mittee on a bipartisan basis. 
b1445 
Mr. RENACCI. I thank the chairman. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge ap-
proval of H.R. 709, the Prevent Tar-geting at the IRS Act. 
This bipartisan legislation has over 
50 cosponsors and actually passed by voice vote in a previous Congress. I think the overwhelming support for this legislation shows that the vast majority of Members, regardless of their party affiliation, believe the IRS should be above politics. 
Congress has already acted to create 
a list of fireable offenses at the IRS. In 1998, the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act passed by a vote of 402–8. It sought to bring accountability to the IRS by allowing for the immediate termi-nation of IRS employees who engage in the so-called ‘‘10 deadly sins’’ against taxpayers. Many of the Members in Congress today supported those re-forms back then. 
Unfortunately, while that legislation 
covers many offenses, it did not include political targeting. I have no doubt this was a simple oversight. 
This is not a partisan issue. I cannot 
imagine any Member would support a process for removing an employee for bad behavior but somehow not consider political targeting to be a bad enough behavior. It is absolutely unacceptable for a government official to consider the political leanings of any taxpayer when conducting official business. If a Federal employee engages in political targeting, that employee should be fired. It is that simple. 
My legislation will make sure of it. It 
specifically spells out that any IRS em-ployee, regardless of political affili-ation, who targets a taxpayer for polit-ical purposes will immediately be re-lieved of his or her duties. If you work for the IRS, you cannot target tax-payers for political purposes. There should be no controversy in that. 
This legislation does not change any 
of the procedures for removing an IRS agent. It just adds ‘‘political tar-geting’’ to the list of the 10 deadly sins already in existence. 
Though it has been nearly 2 years 
since we learned that the IRS targeted individuals based on their political be-liefs, the American public’s lack of trust in this Federal agency remains— and rightly so. Political targeting con-tradicts the very principles this coun-try was founded upon, and there is no room for it in our democracy. It will not be tolerated. 
The IRS needs this legislation; the 
entire Federal Government needs this legislation; and, most importantly, the American people need this legislation. They need to know that they will not be targeted by their government for po-litical purposes. They need to know that those who are entrusted with the 
vast power of the Federal Government will act in a responsible and profes-sional manner and will be reprimanded if they don’t. They need to know that the government is accountable to them and not the other way around. 
I urge all Members to support this 
commonsense legislation. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
709. This legislation removes certain protections that are otherwise avail-able to Federal employees if an em-ployee conducts his or her official du-ties with the intent to extract personal gain or for a political purpose. 
H.R. 709 responds to the investigation 
into the processing of tax-exempt ap-plications. This investigation started nearly 2 years ago, in May of 2013. To date, the agency has spent more than $20 million to produce more than 1.3 million pages of documents, including 78,000 emails from Lois Lerner. 
Mr. Speaker, to date, there has not 
been one shred of evidence produced to support the Republican claim that the processing of applications was politi-cally motivated or intended to target the President’s political enemies. 
The inspector general even stated 
that no one outside the agency was in-volved in setting the criteria for proc-essing tax-exempt applications. The delays experienced by groups were the result of incompetence at the agency in the Exempt Organizations Division. 
I urge all of my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ for H.R. 709. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. At this 
time, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Kansas (Mr. H
UELSKAMP ). 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman, and I appreciate my colleague from Ohio bringing forth this important legislation. 
‘‘If men were angels, no government 
would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor inter-nal controls on government would be necessary.’’ James Madison wrote these words 227 years ago in his 51st Federalist Paper. It is an elegant way of expressing an ugly truth, that a gov-ernment of the people cannot always be trusted to do right by the people and, thus, must hold itself in check for the 
sake of the people. 
When Madison penned the Federalist 
Papers, it was with a fresh view of what the British Parliament did to exert government control over the lives of the colonists, leading to the fa-mous Boston Tea Party and, ulti-mately, a revolution. 
The targeted discrimination and un-
fair treatment of conservative organi-zations with the words ‘‘Tea Party’’ and others in their names that took place at the IRS under the direction of Lois Lerner shows what happens when government no longer feels account-able to the people and when the Con-stitution becomes simply a list of sug-gestions. Agencies can then become a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.042 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2239 April 15, 2015 
political weapon for one party to use 
against the other. 
It is sad that we actually have to 
pass legislation to address these inex-cusable actions. Every employee of the IRS, of this entire Federal Govern-ment, is ultimately a public servant. Once you stop serving the public and start serving political agendas, it is time for you to do something else. 
This bill will add targeting taxpayers 
for political purposes to the list of the 10 things that can get you fired as an employee of the IRS. 
I am not sure what is more upsetting 
about that sentence: that our govern-ment is so bureaucratic that only 10 things might get you fired at the IRS, or that political discrimination wasn’t already one of those things. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
straightforward, commonsense meas-ure. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), the chair-
man of the subcommittee. 
Mr. ROSKAM. I thank the chairman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to tell you a 
story. I want to take you back to 1996. A friend of mine in Illinois, my former law partner, Al Salvi, was running for the United States Senate. He loaned himself some money to his campaign. 
The Federal Election Commission—a 
different agency than we are talking about, but stick with me. This is like a ’Seinfeld’ episode. It is all going to come together at the end. The Federal Election Commission said: You did that the wrong way. You violated Fed-eral election law. They placed him under investigation. World War II headlines in the Chicago papers. He goes on, and he loses the election for the United States Senate. 
Now, political scientists can debate 
whether he would have won or whether he would have lost, but let’s face it, being under investigation by the Fed-eral Election Commission generally does not help you win a political cam-paign. 
At the end of that campaign, the 
Federal Election Commission came and they made a very large settlement de-mand. I don’t remember off the top of my head how many hundreds of thou-sands of dollars they were demanding from him, but he said: I didn’t do any-thing wrong, and I am not going to pay you any money. 
The Federal Election Commission 
said: That is fine. We are going to sue you—which they did. They filed a law-suit against him in Federal court. A Federal judge reads the pleadings, dis-misses the case—against the Federal Election Commission—and finds in favor of Al Salvi. 
You would think that this drama all 
ended there. Oh, no, no, no. The Fed-eral Election Commission came back, and they said: Well, we know you won, but we are still going to make a settle-ment demand of you. We are going to 
lower the amount, but we are still going to make a demand because, if you don’t pay us, we are going to ap-peal the judge’s ruling. 
Al Salvi is a pretty sophisticated 
lawyer. He talked to the lawyer at the other end of the line and said to that person: Let me talk to the person who had authority on this case because you don’t understand. I won; you lost. I am not going to pay you any money. Let me talk to the person with authority on the case at the Federal Election Commission. 
That person got on the phone with Al 
Salvi and said this: If you pledge never to run for office again, we will drop this case. 
Al Salvi said: Put that in writing. The person said: We don’t put that in 
writing, and we never lose. 
That person was Lois Lerner. Now, you take that disposition, you 
take that attitude, you take that long arm of a bureaucrat who reaches into the sanctity of the ballot booth, and you’ve got a real problem. And you up the wattage on that, you move her over and you give her the type of authority that not the Federal Election Commis-sion has, but the Internal Revenue Service to grab somebody by the throat and to do whatever they want with them, with the possibility of impris-oning them, that is a problem. That is a problem that the gentleman from Ohio, Representative R
ENACCI , is trying 
to make go away. 
We had a hearing in the last Con-
gress. I hear a lot of testimony. We all hear a lot of testimony. But this testi-mony was inspirational to me because these were people that came in before our committee. 
Committee members, you will re-
member this. 
They told us about how they had 
been targeted. But you know what was the most incredible thing? They kept faith with their country when it didn’t look like their country had kept faith with them. They said: This isn’t Amer-ica. My America doesn’t target me. My America doesn’t shun me out of the public square. 
But you know the one that got the 
most attention in my mind was the pro-life group in Iowa who was asked by the Internal Revenue Service: Tell us about your organization; tell us about your activity. 
They gave a list of activities, and one 
of the activities they said was: We have prayer meetings. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I yield the 
gentleman an additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. ROSKAM. We have prayer meet-
ings. 
And the IRS said: In writing, under 
penalty of perjury, tell us about your prayer meetings. 
The hair on the back of my neck is 
tingling at this moment as I am de-scribing this to you because it is so scandalous. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. ROSKAM. I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I believe the 
specific question from the IRS to the pro-life group from Iowa was: What do you pray about? 
Mr. ROSKAM. So can you imagine 
that? You are a nice little group, mind-ing your own business, in Iowa, with a point of view, and the Internal Revenue Service starts roughing you up? 
This targeting is insidious. This tar-
geting is poisonous. This targeting is without a defender. There is nobody who is getting up on this floor today— no voice is saying, ‘‘Oh, yes. Let him do it. It is fine. It will all settle out.’’ Not the ranking member, he is not de-fending this. There was nobody. Not the chairman, he is not defending this. 
Everybody in this House should all be 
saying that we all have the right to come in and make our arguments and try to persuade the public to vote for us, and it should be never a bureaucrat who manipulates and uses power to an end and abuses somebody who, by good faith, is coming into this process. 
This is an incredibly important piece 
of legislation. I urge its passage. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself 2 minutes. 
This one is the one that really takes 
the cake with us because we recognized a persistent pattern of targeting and harassment by the Internal Revenue Service over groups, and the only thing that grouped these groups together, the only thing that was similar, was their political persuasion, their polit-ical beliefs. 
So the question that I get asked a lot 
from hard-working taxpayers in Wis-consin is: Did the IRS really target people based on their political beliefs? And the answer is: Absolutely yes, they did. 
That is tyrannical; that is beyond the 
pale; and that, with the passage of this bill, will be illegal. It will make it ex-tremely clear, no ifs, ands, or buts. 
And let me tell you one other thing, 
Mr. Speaker. There is still a long ways to go with the investigation that is still underway, but what we already know is that this targeting happened. People were targeted based on their po-litical beliefs, and this law makes that a crime. 
With that, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
ENACCI ) for the purpose of 
closing. 
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the chairman; I want to thank the gentleman from Illinois for his comments; and I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia, my colleague from the other side. 
b1500 
Look, it is pretty simple. It is unac-
ceptable for a government official to consider the political leanings of any taxpayer when conducting official busi-ness. If a federal employee engages in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.045 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2240 April 15, 2015 
political targeting, that employee 
should be fired. It is that simple. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge the 
Members to support H.R. 709 to prevent targeting of the IRS, a commonsense piece of legislation. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 709, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FAIR TREATMENT FOR ALL GIFTS 
ACT 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1104) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a deduction from the gift tax for gifts made to certain exempt organizations, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1104 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Treatment 
for All Gifts Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEDUCTION FROM GIFT TAX FOR GIFTS 
MADE TO CERTAIN EXEMPT ORGANI-ZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2522(a) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking the period at the end of paragraph (4) and in-serting a semicolon and by inserting after para-graph (4) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) an organization described in paragraph 
(4), (5), or (6) of section 501(c) and exempt from tax under section 501(a).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall apply to gifts made after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) N
OINFERENCE .—Nothing in the amend-
ments made by subsection (a) shall be construed to create any inference with respect to whether any transfer of property (whether made before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act) to an organization described in paragraph (4), (5), or (6) of section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is a transfer of property by gift for purposes of chapter 12 of such Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1104, currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OS-
KAM), the chairman of the Oversight 
Subcommittee and the author of this bill for the purpose of describing his bill. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
riddle for you: 
What is it that brings together the 
American Civil Liberties Union, Amer-icans for Prosperity, the Human Rights Campaign, and the Tea Party Patriots all under one tent? Mr. Speaker, it is the Fair Treatment for All Gifts Act, H.R. 1104. 
Here is the point. This is why all 
these groups from a wide range of po-litical perspectives have all come to-gether. They have come together be-cause the IRS has started sniffing around about the possibility of doing something that every one of those groups really finds jarring, and that is assessing a tax liability on gifts to nonprofit organizations. 
Now, you would have thought that 
this would be pretty settled doctrine, that gifts to nonprofit organizations, those types of contributions, are not taxable events. Yet the Internal Rev-enue Service wrote a letter. It is this type of letter. It is the kind of letter that I described in an earlier bill. You get it, and it is very unsettling, Mr. Speaker. They just wrote some donor, and they said, Your gift tax return was assigned to me for examination. The IRS has received information that you donated cash to some organization, and it begins to lay out a theory as to why this should be a taxable event. 
Mr. Speaker, this should not be a 
taxable event. Mr. Speaker, this should not be ambiguous. And, Mr. Speaker, the Internal Revenue Service should not be wasting its precious time, which it seems to have so little of; shouldn’t be going after American donors to all kinds of groups—left, right, center, up, down, any which way—and giving them a hard time about the contributions that they are making. 
One final point. We have got a sys-
tem, Mr. Speaker, that depends on the generosity of Americans. The Amer-ican public is an incredibly generous group. The American public is sacrifi-cial in their giving in many ways, and the donations and the generosity of the American public is absolutely foundational for our civic life. So, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1104 clarifies that, and it says donations to those tax-exempt or-ganizations under 501(c)(4), (5), and (6) of the Tax Code are not taxable. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self as much time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1104. On this day, it is wise for the House to consider a bill to increase cer-tainty for taxpayers. This bill brings clarity to what has historically been uncertain tax treatment for contribu-tions to social welfare organizations, agricultural associations, labor unions, and trade associations. With this bill, Mr. Speaker, amounts 
contributed to such organizations will not be subject to the gift tax. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ for H.R. 1104. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, 
the chairman, the chairs of the sub-committee, and all of the members of the committee for supporting this piece of legislation and the other pieces. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Are you getting a theme here, Mr. 
Speaker? So what has happened here is individuals were giving donations to tax-exempt organizations, nonprofit or-ganizations. As they should have, they did not expect to have to pay taxes on those donations. The Internal Revenue Service sent these letters to these do-nors, to these particular organizations, obviously stirring up a lot of confusion and threatening them with a big tax bill. 
This makes it really clear. These or-
ganizations are tax-exempt organiza-tions, and therefore you don’t owe gift taxes for a donation to these organiza-tions. It is crystal clear. It is made even more clear in this bill because, Mr. Speaker, it is very important for the operation of our society that that space that occurs between ourselves and our government is full, is vibrant, and is alive. 
We call that space civil society. It is 
where we live our lives. The deeply woven fabric of civil society are all these various groups, nonprofit groups, all kinds of groups, advocating for something—advocating for the environ-ment, advocating for the economy, ad-vocating for the disabled, advocating for this cause, advocating for that cause, advocating for this person, and advocating for that person. It is how we lead our lives. It is how we inte-grate with one another. It is how we have a community. 
So, Mr. Speaker, the last thing we 
want to do is have the IRS parachute itself in and divide itself and make peo-ple think that they can’t participate in civil society. Civil society is so core to who we are as Americans and so core to our ability to live our freedoms and to help others. That is what is so impor-tant about this. 
So when people are hit with an in-
timidating letter from the Internal Revenue Service and are being told that by participating in civil society, by participating in civil dialogue, and by exercising their free speech rights they are going to get hit with this huge, massive tax bill that they didn’t expect, that is harassment. That is tar-geting. That is not going to happen once this bill passes. That is one other mistake that was made that is being rectified because of Mr. R
OSKAM ’s dili-
gence. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate 
all the members of the committee who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.047 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2241 April 15, 2015 
on a bipartisan basis saw that this was 
wrong and on a bipartisan basis agreed with this solution. That is why I am just so pleased that we are bringing these bills to the floor. J
OHN LEWIS, 
SANDY LEVIN, PETER ROSKAM , and P AUL 
RYANare arm in arm agreeing on this. 
We are standing up for citizens, we are standing up for taxpayers, we are put-ting the taxpayer in charge of the IRS, not the other way around, and we are standing up for our free speech rights for our civil society. That is why on this tax day, April 15, we are bringing these bills to the floor and passing these bills on a bipartisan, unanimous basis because this is the signal we want to send to Americans on tax day that we are not going to take this anymore, and we are going to reassert our rights. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
balance of my time to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) for closing 
on his bill. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Thank you, Chairman. Mr. Speaker, I want to make one 
other point to echo something Chair-man R
YANsaid as it relates to civil so-
ciety, and it is an important thing to think about. 
There is the Federal Government 
here, and there is the individual here. The only thing that sort of comes in between as a buffer—there are a couple of things. One is family. I think that is a very important buffer. The other buffer is civil society. It is a restrain-ing influence, the capability of indi-vidual, family, and civil society to push back. 
So we are on the floor today, and we 
have been interacting with J
OHN 
LEWIS, our friend from Georgia, who 
has a reputation that is unbelievable, and it is an honor and a privilege to serve with him. Why? Because of the work that he did in the civil rights movement. It is an inspiration. 
But can you imagine what it would 
have been like if a bureaucrat at the time had said, Well, I am just going to send one of these kind of letters to the donors of the NAACP or any of these organizations? Can you imagine what happens? 
Here is my second point. A letter like 
this? What does it do? It has a chilling effect, doesn’t it? All of a sudden you have donors who say, I don’t know, I don’t know. This is going to be a tax-able event. Well, maybe I am not going to give. Or I am going to end up on some list, I don’t know. Or I am going to find my name in the paper in this way, and I don’t want my name in the paper. Whatever it happens to be. But the impact and the damage, Mr. Speak-er, is the same. It has a chilling effect, doesn’t it? 
Here is the final point. The IRS 
backed off really fast on this once we asked about it. This wasn’t a situation where they doubled down, they said, Oh, no, no, no, the statute that you all passed absolutely gives us this author-ity. They backed off, and they said, No, we are not going to do that anymore. That tells you something too, doesn’t it? It tells you that the ground upon 
which they thought they were oper-ating was pretty soft ground. 
So let me just conclude by saying 
this. Today, the nature of this debate, the intensity that you have heard from both sides of the aisle, the Members are reflecting not ourselves and just our world view, Mr. Speaker, but we are re-flecting what we are hearing at home, and we are reflecting the desire of the American public who want to have con-fidence in these institutions. They want to know that the tax-collecting body of the United States that is the Internal Revenue Service is just going to collect the taxes and is not going to mess with them and is not going to put them through all kinds of paces and manipulate them and make their lives miserable and actually abuse power. That is all they want. Isn’t that a very real expectation? It is not asking too much. 
So my suspicion is that the debate 
today—and it is my hope that the other body will pick up these bills and move forward on them, recognize the bipar-tisan nature of them and recognize the timeliness and the ripeness of them. These need to be fixed. These problems need to be fixed now. There is an ur-gency to them. But this is not a false claim that this work is completed. In fact, this is going to be a work in proc-ess, because it is our responsibility to get an Internal Revenue Service that moves away from the disposition and the attitude of impunity—which is saturated up until now—back to where it should be. I think we can do it. I am confident with the bipartisan support in this House we can reflect back and say April 15 of this year, this was a good day. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, before I 
yield the balance of my time back, it has been an honor and a pleasure to work with the chairman, the chairman of the subcommittee, and all of the Members on the other side. We did come together in a bipartisan fashion. 
In a real sense, we all live in the 
same house—the American house—and we must continue to look out for this house, not just this building, but the more than 300 million people in our country. That is the right thing to do. That is the fair thing to do. That is the just thing to do. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I can’t top that, so I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1104, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. b1515 
CONTRACTING AND TAX 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1562) to prohibit the awarding of a contract or grant in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold unless the prospective contractor or grantee certifies in writing to the agency awarding the contract or grant that the contractor or grantee has no seri-ously delinquent tax debts, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1562 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Contracting 
and Tax Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. GOVERNMENTAL POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States Gov-
ernment that no Government contracts or grants should be awarded to individuals or companies with seriously delinquent Federal tax debts. 
SEC. 3. DISCLOSURE AND EVALUATION OF CON-
TRACT OFFERS FROM DELINQUENT FEDERAL DEBTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The head of any executive 
agency that issues an invitation for bids or a request for proposals for a contract in an amount greater than the simplified acquisi-tion threshold shall require each person that submits a bid or proposal to submit with the bid or proposal a form— 
(1) certifying that the person does not have 
a seriously delinquent tax debt; and 
(2) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to disclose to the head of the agency in-formation limited to describing whether the person has a seriously delinquent tax debt. 
(b) I
MPACT ON RESPONSIBILITY DETERMINA -
TION.—The head of any executive agency, in 
evaluating any offer received in response to a solicitation issued by the agency for bids or proposals for a contract, shall consider a certification that the offeror has a seriously delinquent tax debt to be definitive proof that the offeror is not a responsible source as defined in section 113 of title 41, United States Code. 
(c) D
EBARMENT .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the head of an executive agen-cy shall initiate a suspension or debarment proceeding against a person after receiving an offer for a contract from such person if— 
(A) such offer contains a certification (as 
required under subsection (a)(1)) that such person has a seriously delinquent tax debt; or 
(B) the head of the agency receives infor-
mation from the Secretary of the Treasury (as authorized under subsection (a)(2)) dem-onstrating that such a certification sub-mitted by such person is false. 
(2) W
AIVER .—The head of an executive 
agency may waive paragraph (1) with respect to a person based upon a written finding of urgent and compelling circumstances signifi-cantly affecting the interests of the United States. If the head of an executive agency waives paragraph (1) for a person, the head of the agency shall submit to Congress, within 30 days after the waiver is made, a report containing the rationale for the waiver and relevant information supporting the waiver decision. 
(d) R
ELEASE OF INFORMATION .—The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in consultation with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.049 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2242 April 15, 2015 
the Director of the Office of Management 
and Budget, shall make available to all exec-utive agencies a standard form for the au-thorization described in subsection (a). 
(e) R
EVISION OF REGULATIONS .—Not later 
than 270 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Federal Acquisition Reg-ulation shall be revised to incorporate the requirements of this section. 
SEC. 4. DISCLOSURE AND EVALUATION OF 
GRANT APPLICATIONS FROM DELIN-QUENT FEDERAL DEBTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The head of any executive 
agency that offers a grant in excess of an amount equal to the simplified acquisition threshold shall require each person applying for a grant to submit with the grant applica-tion a form— 
(1) certifying that the person does not have 
a seriously delinquent tax debt; and 
(2) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to disclose to the head of the executive agency information limited to describing whether the person has a seriously delin-quent tax debt. 
(b) I
MPACT ON DETERMINATION OF FINANCIAL  
STABILITY .—The head of any executive agen-
cy, in evaluating any application for a grant offered by the agency, shall consider a cer-tification that the grant applicant has a seri-ously delinquent tax debt to be definitive proof that the applicant is high-risk and, if the applicant is awarded the grant, shall take appropriate measures under guidelines issued by the Office of Management and Budget for enhanced oversight of high-risk grantees. 
(c) D
EBARMENT .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the head of an executive agen-cy shall initiate a suspension or debarment proceeding against a person after receiving a grant application from such person if— 
(A) such application contains a certifi-
cation (as required under subsection (a)(1)) that such person has a seriously delinquent tax debt; or 
(B) the head of the agency receives infor-
mation from the Secretary of the Treasury (as authorized under subsection (a)(2)) dem-onstrating that such a certification sub-mitted by such person is false. 
(2) W
AIVER .—The head of an executive 
agency may waive paragraph (1) with respect to a person based upon a written finding of urgent and compelling circumstances signifi-cantly affecting the interests of the United States. If the head of an executive agency waives paragraph (1) for a person, the head of the agency shall submit to Congress, within 30 days after the waiver is made, a report containing the rationale for the waiver and relevant information supporting the waiver decision. 
(d) R
ELEASE OF INFORMATION .—The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall make available to all exec-utive agencies a standard form for the au-thorization described in subsection (a). 
(e) R
EVISION OF REGULATIONS .—Not later 
than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall revise such regulations as necessary to incorporate the requirements of this section. 
SEC. 5. DEFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES. 
For purposes of this Act: (1) P
ERSON .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘person’’ in-
cludes— 
(i) an individual; (ii) a partnership; and (iii) a corporation. (B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘person’’ does 
not include an individual seeking assistance through a grant entitlement program. (C) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN PARTNER -
SHIPS .—A partnership shall be treated as a 
person with a seriously delinquent tax debt if such partnership has a partner who— 
(i) holds an ownership interest of 50 per-
cent or more in that partnership; and 
(ii) has a seriously delinquent tax debt. (D) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN CORPORA -
TIONS .—A corporation shall be treated as a 
person with a seriously delinquent tax debt if such corporation has an officer or a share-holder who— 
(i) holds 50 percent or more, or a control-
ling interest that is less than 50 percent, of the outstanding shares of corporate stock in that corporation; and 
(ii) has a seriously delinquent tax debt. (2) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘execu-
tive agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 133 of title 41, United States Code. 
(3) S
ERIOUSLY DELINQUENT TAX DEBT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘seriously de-
linquent tax debt’’ means a Federal tax li-ability that— 
(i) has been assessed by the Secretary of 
the Treasury under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and 
(ii) may be collected by the Secretary by 
levy or by a proceeding in court. 
(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—Such term does not in-
clude— 
(i) a debt that is being paid in a timely 
manner pursuant to an agreement under sec-tion 6159 or section 7122 of such Code; 
(ii) a debt with respect to which a collec-
tion due process hearing under section 6330 of such Code, or relief under subsection (a), (b), or (f) of section 6015 of such Code, is re-quested or pending; 
(iii) a debt with respect to which a contin-
uous levy has been issued under section 6331 of such Code (or, in the case of an applicant for employment, a debt with respect to which the applicant agrees to be subject to such a levy); and 
(iv) a debt with respect to which such a 
levy is released under section 6343(a)(1)(D) of such Code. 
SEC. 6. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act shall apply with respect to con-
tracts and grants awarded on or after the date occurring 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gen-
tleman from Maryland (Mr. C UMMINGS ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the 
bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate being here today. We 
have done this in a good bipartisan way. This is a good, strong bill. This bill has come under a previous Con-gress and done quite well. 
H.R. 1562 will increase tax compli-
ance by Federal contractors and grant recipients and deny contracts or grants to those with seriously delinquent tax debt. I am pleased to, again, present this 
bill to the House with Representative J
ACKIE SPEIER , like we did in the past. 
I also appreciate the help of Represent-ative J
OHN CARTER in his cosponsor-
ship. 
The bill has a long history of bipar-
tisan support, including from then-Sen-ator Obama and President Obama. While he cannot claim that he has commented specifically on this exact bill, this bill before us was something that was originally introduced by then- Senator Obama years ago. 
Five years ago, President Obama di-
rected his administration to crack down on tax cheats that are seeking government contracts. The President said: 
All across this country, there are people 
who meet their obligations each and every day. You do your jobs. You support your families. You pay the taxes you owe—be-cause it’s a fundamental responsibility of citizenship. 
The steps I’m directing today and the steps 
I’m calling on Congress to take are just basic common sense. They’re not going to elimi-nate all of the waste or abuse in government contracting in one fell swoop. Going forward, we’ll also have to do more to hold contrac-tors more accountable not just for paying taxes, but for following other laws as well. 
I wholeheartedly and totally agree 
with the President’s approach on this. 
On April 15, 2013, the House passed 
this very similar piece of legislation by a vote of 407–0. Unfortunately, the Sen-ate did not act. 
Two years later, we are considering 
essentially the same bill today with some very minor changes. For example, the definition of ‘‘seriously delinquent tax debt’’ now exempts individuals de-termined by the IRS to be under eco-nomic hardship. 
Let me remind my colleagues of what 
this bill does. H.R. 1562 denies con-tracts or grants to those with seriously delinquent tax debt. The bill requires contractors and potential grant recipi-ents to certify their tax status when submitting a proposal for a contract or a grant. 
If the agency finds the contractor or 
grantee to have seriously delinquent tax debt, then they would be referred for suspension or debarment and would not be eligible for new awards. 
There are exceptions in the bill for 
those that are trying to do the right thing so they should not be covered under the definition of ‘‘seriously de-linquent tax debt.’’ 
Such people, including those who are 
paying their back taxes through debt installment plans or in the process of hearings with the IRS to finalize a de-termination of their debt or experi-encing economic hardship as deter-mined by the IRS, have exceptions. 
In 2007, then-Senator Obama intro-
duced legislation to address this con-tractor accountability issue. 
The bill before us today is simple. If 
contractors and those applying for grants don’t pay their taxes, they will not be eligible for lucrative Federal contracts or grants. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.025 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2243 April 15, 2015 
At its core, this bill is about con-
tractor and grant recipient account-ability with taxpayer dollars. Whether we like it or not, the law requires we pay taxes. We expect the same from contractors and grant recipients. 
To give you some perspective on how 
much money we are talking about, the Federal Government spends about $1 trillion annually on contracts and grants, $1 trillion on just contracts and grants. 
Most recently, in fiscal year 2014, the 
Federal Government spent $444 billion on contracts and $591 billion on grants. That is a lot of money and demands a lot of tax compliance. 
Over the years, the GAO—the Gov-
ernment Accountability Office—has identified thousands of Federal con-tractors with substantial amounts of unpaid taxes. 
Here are a few examples given to us 
by the GAO. Tens of thousands of re-cipients of Federal grant and direct as-sistance programs collectively owed more than $790 million in Federal taxes as of September 2006. 
Approximately 27,000 defense con-
tractors owed about $3 billion; 33,000 ci-vilian agency contractors owed roughly $3.3 billion, and 3,800 General Services Administration contractors owed about $1.4 billion in unpaid taxes. We are talking about roughly $7.7 billion in uncollected taxes. 
At least 3,700 Recovery Act contract 
and grant recipients owed more than $750 million in known unpaid Federal taxes while receiving over $24 billion in Recovery Act funds. We have 3,700 con-tractors that already owe $750 million; and what do we do? We gave them $24 billion in additional contracts. 
GAO also found contractors were not 
paying payroll taxes or owed substan-tial property or other assets and still— still—didn’t pay their taxes. 
For example, under a VA-HHS con-
tract for healthcare-related services, a contractor was paid more than $100,000 in Federal funds. The contractor also had an unpaid tax debt of more than $18 million. The owner was purchasing multimillion dollar properties and un-related luxury vehicles while not fully paying its payroll taxes. It goes on and on. 
The tax accountability problem has 
become a potential national security problem. In 2014, the GAO found 83,000 Department of Defense employees and contractors who held or were eligible for security clearances had unpaid Fed-eral tax debt totaling more than $730 million. 
Now, not all contractors are tax 
cheats; the vast majority do pay their taxes on time and in full. Those who fail to satisfy their tax debt have a cost advantage over those who do pay their taxes. 
You are competing for Federal con-
tracts; you are competing for grants. Some pay taxes; some don’t. Who do you think is going to give the lowest price and potentially get the next grant or contract? The person who can undercut them because they don’t pay 
their taxes—it is just not fair. 
Further, many fulfill dangerous mis-
sions, invest in cutting-edge tech-nology, and provide assistance for the poor and others in need. 
Contractors who do not play by the 
rules should be held accountable. 
Unfortunately, despite our past ef-
forts, we haven’t been able to get this bill over the finish line. I hope the House will again support this bill, as it did in the year 2013, and that the Sen-ate will finally bring this bill up and pass it as they should. Hopefully, this Congress will be a bit different. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
1562. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 1562, 
the Contracting and Tax Account-ability Act. 
This bill is nearly identical to a bill 
introduced in the last two Congresses by Chairman C
HAFFETZ and is very 
similar to legislation reported by the Oversight Committee and passed by the House in the 110th Congress. I sup-ported this legislation each time it has been introduced, and I continue to sup-port it today. 
The Government Accountability Of-
fice has reported that government con-tractors owed more than $5 billion in unpaid Federal taxes in 2004 and 2005. Unpaid taxes owed by contractors in-clude payroll taxes—amounts required to be withheld from employee wages— as well as corporate income taxes. 
GAO has also found that some con-
tractors with unpaid tax debts are re-peat offenders that have failed to pay their taxes over many years, including one case for almost 20 years. 
This legislation will allow the Fed-
eral Government to make sure that contractors seeking to do business with the Federal Government have paid their taxes before they can receive a Federal contract. 
The Federal acquisition regulation 
was revised in 2008 to require contrac-tors to certify that they do not owe a delinquent tax debt to the Federal Gov-ernment. This bill builds on that re-quirement by providing Federal agen-cies the means to verify contractors’ claims. 
This legislation will also ensure that 
responsible contractors no longer have to compete with tax delinquents. 
I would just like to reiterate that I 
fully support the legislation. It is im-perative that we ensure that all con-tractors that are doing business with the government have complied with their tax obligations. I believe this bill does just that. 
I urge all of our Members to support 
the legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to reiterate my pleasure in 
working with both sides of the aisle on many, many pieces of legislation. We 
don’t always agree, but I think the tone and tenor that is happening in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee is going in the right direc-tion. 
We have worked well with our staff. 
That wouldn’t happen without the leadership of the ranking member, Mr. C
UMMINGS , and I do appreciate it. 
We have voted for this bill unani-
mously in the past. It is a new Con-gress with new Members, but I would encourage this passage today. 
I believe in the spirit in which the 
President and previously Senator Obama has urged that Congress act on this issue. It is imperative that we act on this issue today, hopeful, with pas-sage, that we would get the Senate to act as well. We are talking about bil-lions of dollars of taxpayer money. It is the fair and right thing to do. I urge the passage of this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1562. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
FEDERAL EMPLOYEE TAX 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1563) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that individ-uals having seriously delinquent tax debts shall be ineligible for Federal employment, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1563 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Em-
ployee Tax Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. INELIGIBILITY OF NONCOMPLIANT TAX-
PAYERS FOR FEDERAL EMPLOY-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 73 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER VIII—INELIGIBILITY OF 
NONCOMPLIANT TAXPAYERS FOR FED-ERAL EMPLOYMENT 
‘‘§ 7381. Definitions 
‘‘For purposes of this subchapter— 
‘‘(1) The term ‘seriously delinquent tax 
debt’ means a Federal tax liability that has been assessed by the Secretary of the Treas-ury under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and may be collected by the Secretary by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.053 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2244 April 15, 2015 
levy or by a proceeding in court, except that 
such term does not include— 
‘‘(A) a debt that is being paid in a timely 
manner pursuant to an agreement under sec-tion 6159 or section 7122 of such Code; 
‘‘(B) a debt with respect to which a collec-
tion due process hearing under section 6330 of such Code, or relief under subsection (a), (b), or (f) of section 6015 of such Code, is re-quested or pending; 
‘‘(C) a debt with respect to which a contin-
uous levy has been issued under section 6331 of such Code (or, in the case of an applicant for employment, a debt with respect to which the applicant agrees to be subject to such a levy); and 
‘‘(D) a debt with respect to which such a 
levy is released under section 6343(a)(1)(D) of such Code; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘employee’ means an em-
ployee in or under an agency, including an individual described in sections 2104(b) and 2105(e); and 
‘‘(3) the term ‘agency’ means— ‘‘(A) an Executive agency; ‘‘(B) the United States Postal Service; ‘‘(C) the Postal Regulatory Commission; 
and 
‘‘(D) an employing authority in the legisla-
tive branch. 
‘‘§ 7382. Ineligibility for employment 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection 
(c), any individual who has a seriously delin-quent tax debt shall be ineligible to be ap-pointed or to continue serving as an em-ployee. 
‘‘(b) D
ISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT .—The head 
of each agency shall take appropriate meas-ures to ensure that each individual applying for employment with such agency shall be required to submit (as part of the application for employment) certification that such indi-vidual does not have any seriously delin-quent tax debt. 
‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Office of Personnel 
Management, in consultation with the Inter-nal Revenue Service, shall, for purposes of carrying out this section with respect to the executive branch, promulgate any regula-tions which the Office considers necessary, except that such regulations shall provide for the following: 
‘‘(1) All applicable due process rights, af-
forded by chapter 75 and any other provision of law, shall apply with respect to a deter-mination under this section that an appli-cant is ineligible to be appointed or that an employee is ineligible to continue serving. 
‘‘(2) Before any such determination is 
given effect with respect to an individual, the individual shall be afforded 180 days to demonstrate that such individual’s debt is one described in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), or (D) of section 7381(a)(1). 
‘‘(3) An employee may continue to serve, in 
a situation involving financial hardship, if the continued service of such employee is in the best interests of the United States, as de-termined on a case-by-case basis. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—The Director 
of the Office of Personnel Management shall report annually to Congress on the number of exemptions requested and the number of exemptions granted under subsection (c)(3). 
‘‘§ 7383. Review of public records 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Each agency shall pro-
vide for such reviews of public records as the head of such agency considers appropriate to determine if a notice of lien has been filed pursuant to section 6323 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 with respect to an em-ployee of or an applicant for employment with such agency. 
‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL REQUESTS .—If a notice of 
lien is discovered under subsection (a) with respect to an employee or applicant for em-ployment, the agency may— ‘‘(1) request that the employee or applicant 
execute and submit a form authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to disclose to the head of the agency information limited to describing whether— 
‘‘(A) the employee or applicant has a seri-
ously delinquent tax debt; or 
‘‘(B) there is a final administrative or judi-
cial determination that such employee or ap-plicant committed any act described under section 7385(b); and 
‘‘(2) request that the Secretary of the 
Treasury disclose any information so author-ized to be disclosed. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION FORM.—The Secretary 
of the Treasury shall make available to all agencies a standard form for the authoriza-tion described in subsection (b)(1). 
‘‘(d) N
EGATIVE CONSIDERATION .—The head 
of an agency, in considering an individual’s application for employment or in making an employee appraisal or evaluation, shall give negative consideration to a refusal or failure to comply with a request under subsection (b)(1). 
‘‘§ 7384. Confidentiality 
‘‘Neither the head nor any other employee 
of an agency may— 
‘‘(1) use any information furnished under 
the provisions of this subchapter for any pur-pose other than the administration of this subchapter; 
‘‘(2) make any publication whereby the in-
formation furnished by or with respect to any particular individual under this sub-chapter can be identified; or 
‘‘(3) permit anyone who is not an employee 
of such agency to examine or otherwise have access to any such information. 
‘‘§ 7385. Adverse actions for employees who 
understate taxes or fail to file 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c) 
and paragraph (2) of this subsection, the head of an agency may take any personnel action against an employee of such agency if there is a final administrative or judicial de-termination that such employee committed any act described under subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) P
ERSONNEL ACTIONS .—In paragraph (1), 
the term ‘personnel action’ includes separa-tion but does not include administrative leave or any other type of paid leave without duty or charge to leave. 
‘‘(b) A
CTS.—The acts referred to under sub-
section (a)(1) are— 
‘‘(1) willful failure to file any return of tax 
required under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, unless such failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect; or 
‘‘(2) willful understatement of Federal tax 
liability, unless such understatement is due to reasonable cause and not to willful ne-glect. 
‘‘(c) P
ROCEDURE .—Under regulations pre-
scribed by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, an employee subject to a personnel ac-tion under this section shall be entitled to the procedures provided under sections 7513 or 7543, as applicable.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 73 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘
SUBCHAPTER VIII —INELIGIBILITY OF NON -
COMPLIANT TAXPAYERS FOR FEDERAL EM -
PLOYMENT  
‘‘7381. Definitions. 
‘‘7382. Ineligibility for employment. ‘‘7383. Review of public records. ‘‘7384. Confidentiality. ‘‘7385. Adverse actions for employees who 
understate taxes or fail to file.’’. 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and the amendments made by 
this Act shall take effect 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gen-
tleman from Maryland (Mr. C UMMINGS ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Let me be clear right away. We have 
got great Federal workers. They care; they are patriotic; they work hard, but we have got a few that are bad apples. We have got to give the tools necessary to the leadership within the adminis-tration to do what is right and, if nec-essary, allow them latitude to let those people go. 
We voted on a similar bill years ago 
before I got into Congress. We gave this right and authority. We gave it to the IRS. Guess what, the IRS has the best tax compliance in all Federal Govern-ment—who would have thought. 
I was pleased to see that Congress-
man S
TENY HOYER voted for that piece 
of legislation, that Congressman E LI-
JAH CUMMINGS voted for that legisla-
tion. 
We want to take that same power, 
that same right that we gave the IRS years ago because it worked—it worked—and we want to give that to the other departments and agencies. 
Now, there are a lot of exceptions; 
there are a lot of ways to get out of this, but the basic principle is true. One, Federal workers do a better job of paying their taxes than the general public, and we should pat them on the back, and we should recognize them for that; but, two, when you do have a few bad apples, you have got to allow lead-ership the ability to let those people go if they continue to thumb their nose at the system and the taxpayers. 
We just heard testimony from the 
DEA: I can’t fire anybody, even though they were engaged in some very nefar-ious activity. 
We heard the administrator of the 
EPA say: I can’t let anybody go, even though the person is watching 4 hours of porn a day. 
Four hours a day, they couldn’t fire 
them. Let’s give them some latitude because we have a test case. It has worked. We want tax compliance. 
The President’s fiscal year 2016 budg-
et asks American taxpayers to spend $275 billion to pay Federal workers an average salary of more than $78,000; yet the IRS reports that more than 100,000 Federal civilian employees owed more than $1 billion in unpaid Federal in-come taxes in 2014—more than $1 bil-lion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.023 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2245 April 15, 2015 
b1530 
Now, there are lots of reasons people 
can’t do that. There are people who need to have their wages garnished, and they are. There are people who are disputing what the IRS said. Again, this bill doesn’t affect those people. The adjudication process continues on, and this bill doesn’t affect those peo-ple. As a last resort, we need a tool that the IRS has for its employees. We need that tool for the other depart-ments and agencies because, like it or not, the law requires that we pay taxes. 
Five years ago, President Obama di-
rected his administration to crack down on tax cheats. It was specifically targeting and discussing contractors, but I would argue that the same prin-ciple for contractors should be in place for Federal employees. How can you look the contractors and the employees in the eyes and say, Well, we have got two totally different standards of prin-ciples? The principle is the same—pay your taxes, and there is not a problem. If you are in trouble and if you are try-ing to get out of it, not a problem. We will work with you. Yet, for those of you who are just screwing over the American taxpayer, bye-bye. You can’t even apply. 
The President said: 
All across this country, there are people 
who meet their obligations each and every day. You do your jobs. You support your families. You pay the taxes you owe—be-cause it’s a fundamental responsibility of citizenship. 
I totally and wholeheartedly agree. 
The Federal Employee Tax Account-
ability Act makes individuals with se-riously delinquent tax debt ineligible for Federal employment. It is defined as an outstanding Federal tax debt that has been assessed and may be col-lected by levy or court proceeding. The legislation does not affect employees who are working to settle their tax dis-putes or resolving outstanding liabil-ities. 
I want to also remind everybody that 
the committee and I, as the prime sponsor, accepted every Democrat amendment that was offered—100 per-cent. 
Several other safeguards are carved 
out in the bill, including provisions of-fered by the minority in the previous Congresses. 
Individuals are provided full due 
process rights and have an additional 180 days to demonstrate their debts meet one of the exemptions of the bill. That was, I believe, offered by Con-gressman L
YNCH . We accepted it. We 
thought we would get broader support because of it, and we would hope we would today. 
The bill also provides a financial 
hardship exemption if the individual’s 
service is in the best interest of the United States. The person who is lead-ing that department or agency still has discretion. If he says, It is in the best interest, in my judgment, for the United States to continue to have this person serve, he is allowed to continue to serve. The bill demonstrates a simple prin-
ciple: individuals collecting Federal salaries funded by taxpayers have to follow the rules and pay their taxes. 
Those charged with the stewardship 
of our Federal resources and programs should not be delinquent in their taxes. As all Americans file their taxes today, so should Federal employees, and most of them do—in fact, at better rates than civilians do. 
Last month, in testimony before the 
committee, the GAO warned Congress of tens of thousands of Federal employ-ees who were eligible for security clearances but who still had unpaid tax debts. I would argue that that is a po-tential security risk. It shows a vulner-ability. 
During the hearing, Members dis-
cussed the IRS employees’ high rate of tax compliance. 
From 2009 to 2013, IRS employees had 
a 0.8 percent delinquency rate com-pared to 3.3 percent for civilian work-ers throughout the government. 
The IRS Restructuring and Reform 
Act of 1998, which, again, Mr. H
OYER , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , and a host of other peo-
ple voted in favor of, requires the re-moval of IRS employees who are found to have willfully failed to have filed their tax returns and who have will-fully understated their Federal tax li-abilities. 
The House passed the conference re-
port for this bill by a vote of 402–8. Overwhelming. I have never heard an-other Member complain that the IRS has this provision in place. Let’s even the playing field. Let’s give that same tool to the rest of the Federal Govern-ment. Don’t give it just to the IRS. Give it to the Department of Defense. Give it to the other departments and agencies because the financial results of that work. 
This bill makes Federal workers sub-
ject to the same standard as that for IRS employees. Not all Federal work-ers are tax cheats. This is not about politics. I appreciate the good work that has gone on in this bill. Unfortu-nately, despite past efforts, we have not been able to get this bill over the finish line. I hope the House will again support the bill, as it did in 2012, and that the Senate will act on this bill. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 
1563, the Federal Employee Tax Ac-countability Act of 2015. 
The bill seeks to resolve a problem of 
tax compliance that simply does not exist—a fact confirmed by the Internal Revenue Service. This measure is based on ideology rather than on facts, and it will perpetuate a negative image of Federal workers. 
This legislation is very similar to 
H.R. 249, introduced in the last Con-gress, which I opposed in committee and on this House floor. I remain op-posed to this legislation because the purpose and intent of the bill is the same as the measure from last Con-
gress. It would require Federal agen-cies to fire Federal employees who are delinquent in paying their taxes. 
Everyone, including Federal employ-
ees, should pay their taxes. There is no argument on that. My Republican col-leagues seem to believe that there is a serious problem with Federal employ-ees not paying their taxes and that it requires a legislative fix. There is not, and the chairman, I think, admitted that. 
Last Congress, after committee con-
sideration, former committee chair-man—Chairman I
SSA—and I sought in-
formation from the IRS on their rules and procedures regarding debt collec-tions, options for resolving delin-quencies, and payment options. With-out waiting for these answers, the Re-publican leadership rushed this bill to the floor. During this Congress, we were able to obtain valuable informa-
tion from the IRS which the Repub-licans have chosen to ignore by bring-ing this legislation to the floor. 
The IRS has a mechanism in place al-
ready to recoup funds from Federal em-ployees who fail to pay their taxes. It is known as the Federal Payment Levy Program. Under this program, the IRS can impose a continuous levy on Fed-eral salaries and pensions up to 15 per-cent until the debt is paid. The IRS can initiate additional levies in cases when it determines that it is appropriate to do so. Data from the IRS shows that all Federal employees who owe taxes and who do not qualify for financial hard-ship exemptions or who are not in-volved in bankruptcy, litigation, or pending offers in compromise are sub-ject to having their wages levied. That can happen today. 
Since the start of the levy program, 
the IRS has been extremely successful in recovering delinquent taxes from Federal employees. According to the IRS, the levy program has collected over $5 billion since 2000. These facts 
indicate that the IRS is succeeding in recovering delinquent taxes in 100 per-cent or in nearly all cases involving Federal employees. The fact is that the IRS has confirmed that it does not have a problem in collecting delin-quent taxes from Federal employees. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I do not see a problem with the government’s ability to recover delinquent taxes from Fed-eral employees. 
I do not understand why, despite this 
fact, we are debating this measure on the floor today. According to the IRS, the 2014 tax compliance rate for the Federal community was 97 percent. This is higher than the 95 percent tax compliance rate for Members and staffs of the House of Representatives. It is also much higher than the 91 percent compliance rate for the general public. 
This legislation is designed to de-
monize Federal employees rather than to help the government recoup delin-quent taxes. It is interesting to note that we want to collect the taxes, but we will never get them if we fire peo-ple. In fact, the Congressional Budget 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.057 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2246 April 15, 2015 
Office concluded that these proposals 
would increase costs, by the way, to the taxpayers. Let me repeat. The CBO determined that these provisions would actually increase costs. That is because it would require agencies to spend time and resources in reviewing public records to find tax liens filed against current or prospective employees even though the gains would be minimal. Keep in mind that we already have a process to levy these funds that might be delinquent. 
For these reasons and more, I urge 
my colleagues to join me in opposing this measure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
Mr. MEADOWS. I thank the chair-
man for his leadership on this par-ticular issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I think it is important 
to talk about what this bill is and what it is not. 
When we talk about tax compliance, 
it becomes very easy to focus on those hardship cases, very easy to focus, as the gentleman opposite just talked about, on that 3 to 5 percent, depending on which agency you are talking about. This bill is really not about those with hardship cases, as there is already an exemption there. This bill is not about trying to penalize Federal workers. It is really about fairness, Mr. Speaker. 
Why is it fair that 97 percent in some 
agency—94 and 95 in others—pay their taxes on time, and yet we continue to give others a free pass? 
My friend opposite would many times 
suggest, Oh, well, they are complying better than this group and that group; but we need to look no further than the IRS because the IRS implemented a different standard within their agency. Guess what happened, Mr. Speaker? Their compliance went way up. They have one of the best records, that we get to oversee, with the Federal em-ployees. 
When we started to look at this, the 
chairman was very careful to make sure that hardship cases—the ones that all of our hearts go out to when people have family situations that preclude them from being able to pay their taxes on a timely basis—are an exemp-tion. Yet I would say, whether it is Congress or whether it is the Federal employees, we are held to a different standard because we are paid with the hard-working American taxpayers’ dol-lars. It is a higher standard than the private sector’s. It is difficult for us to acknowledge that, but we are under the scrutiny that we should be because we have the authority to tax and spend. When you have both of those authori-ties, Mr. Speaker, it is a different standard. 
I, for one, can tell you that, from the 
Federal employees’ standpoint, it is all about making sure that we are fair to them. What happens is, when the head-line is ‘‘Federal employees are not pay-ing their taxes,’’ for whatever reason it 
may be, it paints in a bad light the hundreds of thousands of Federal work-ers who do everything right and on time. 
Mr. Speaker, I think that what we 
must do is not only address this for the integrity of the American people but address it for the integrity and the spirit of those Federal workers as well. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Again, I want somebody to answer 
for me: How do you get the money from somebody who is fired, who has no job? 
With that, I yield to the gentleman 
from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), my friend. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, the ranking member 
said this was a bill to solve a non-existent problem. Everybody ought to pay their taxes—everybody. Everybody ought to pay their taxes. Now, if you are really rich, you can find an ac-countant who can find you about every loophole there is that we have given. You want to have a bill on the floor closing loopholes. 
b1545 
The chairman admits that Federal 
employees pay their taxes voluntarily and correctly at a higher percentage than the general public. Should every one of them pay? Should it be 100 per-cent? The chairman is right; it should be 100 percent. 
The gentleman from North Carolina 
talks about our Federal employees, and they ought to be treated correctly. We are their board of directors. I will tell you, folks, if any board of directors of any large corporation in America treated its employees the way we treat them, they would all quit, and the company would go bankrupt, because we treat our Federal employees very poorly—very poorly. 
The general public, of course, thinks 
they are loafing and they are not work-ing hard and this, that, and the other, and that is wrong. We have the best civil service in the world. 
This does convey the message that 
somehow you are not doing what you are supposed to do. I know the gen-tleman gets up and says this is a very small percentage. When a Member of Congress doesn’t pay his taxes and he gets indicted and he has to quit this body, it besmirches all of us. 
The gentleman from Maryland is ab-
solutely correct. It has not been men-tioned, but there is a provision in law that allows the IRS to go in and take the salary of Federal employees. That is what the gentleman is talking about. Unlike the private sector, where you have to go through a lot of rigmarole— properly so, to protect the taxpayer— the Federal employee is subjected to the IRS having special authority going and taking part of their salary. 
Now, by the way, this mentions Fed-
eral employees. I don’t know whether the ranking member knows the answer to this, but are Members of Congress included in that definition? The an-
swer? The gentleman is shaking his head, saying no. Yet the Congress as an institution has a lower rate of paying, some 95 percent as opposed to 97 per-cent, of Federal employees. 
What is this all about? This is about, 
frankly, saying government is bad and the people who work for them aren’t so hot either. Now, I don’t think the gen-tleman from Utah thinks that is the message. I understand that. The gen-tleman is my friend. I like him. He is a bright and able fellow. But that is the message we are sending. It’s a bad mes-sage. 
I will tell you, I represent 62,000 Fed-
eral employees, and I tell all of them and all the unions, if they are not per-forming their job, if they are watching television 4 hours a day, they ought to be fired. I will support the gentleman in that effort because we ought to de-mand performance, and that is why we have, in the IRS Code, you can take the salary if they are not paying their taxes. That is not true of any other employee in America. You have got to go through a legal process, et cetera, et cetera, as you should. 
So I would urge my colleagues to de-
feat this bill, as we did in the last Con-gress on suspension, and yes, tell all of our employees, ‘‘You need to pay your taxes,’’ and make sure if they don’t, IRS gets their fees; and if they are not performing their task and it under-mines their performance, then we ought to subject them, just as every other employee, to being removed, but not simply to say, arbitrarily, this em-ployee, these employees, our employ-ees, America’s employees, will be treated more harshly than the Amer-ican people and the American workers around this country are treated. Treat them the same. That is fair. That is what they hope for. 
We shut down government for 16 
days, sent our employees home. The gentleman from North Carolina talked about there are some bad cir-cumstances for some people: they have got to pay a mortgage payment or a rent payment or a car payment or a college tuition. We sent them home and we said: We are not paying you. We came back later and we said: Oh, no, we are going to pay you. But we caused them a great deal of angst. 
I will tell you this: that is not the 
way to treat people. We didn’t send them home because we didn’t have the money to pay for them. We didn’t send them home because America was bank-rupt. We sent them home because we disagreed with a policy the President was pursuing or we wanted to repeal the Affordable Care Act, over which they had no control. But we sent them home without pay. Very frankly, those who were critical employees we kept working, but we didn’t pay them. What way is that to run any organization, much less the greatest country on the face of the Earth? 
I urge my colleagues, show respect 
and fairness to those who work for our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.058 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2247 April 15, 2015 
country in the civil service of our 
country. Reject this legislation. Vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, we have heard speeches 
on this floor about fairness, about treating them the same. I will remind Members that on June 25, 1998, the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act—which Mr. H
OYER , Mr. C UMMINGS , and others 
voted in favor of—gave this same power and authority to the IRS, gave them the same authority and power. Why not treat them equally and fairly? Why not treat them exactly the same as the IRS employees? Why are the IRS employees treated so unfairly? 
Other Members that are standing 
here on this floor today voted in favor of that bill. So it was okay back then, just gave it to them. Guess what; tax compliance went up. 
I take issue with this quote, ‘‘ide-
ology rather than facts.’’ The facts are, every single year the number of Fed-eral employees not paying their Fed-eral taxes has gone up. In fact, in 2008, we roughly didn’t collect $962 million; in 2014, $1.14 billion. 
If you pay your taxes, you are trying 
to pay your taxes, you don’t have a problem. But if you want to be fair, if you want to be the same, if you want to treat them equally, then give the other departments and agencies the same power that we gave the IRS. 
Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Maryland. 
Mr. HOYER. What other employee in 
America is subject to being fired be-cause they don’t pay taxes? Does the gentleman want to include either Members of Congress in this bill or all private sector employees? 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Reclaiming my 
time, I appreciate the spirit in which that is asked. I would hope the gen-tleman would join me in cosponsoring H.R. 1564, the Members of Congress Tax Accountability Act. There are con-stitutional reasons why we can’t in-clude them in this provision, but this bill has been referred to the Committee on House Administration, and I would encourage all Members to get behind this because there should be a higher standard for Members of Congress. That should be more readily available to the public. You should have to dis-close that liability. Right now, you don’t. So I introduced that bill as well. 
I would also argue that Federal em-
ployees taking taxpayer dollars have a high standard and that the evidence that we have—and I have said it re-peatedly, and I know the gentleman has heard this—Mr. Speaker, Mr. H
OYER voted in favor of this same bill 
years ago, and it has worked. I have never heard anybody say, ‘‘This is a problem. We have got to change this. We have got to take it out.’’ I have never heard anybody offer an amend-ment. In fact, we accepted 100 percent, 
every amendment that was offered by the Democrats. We accepted them. We accepted them. 
I want to tackle a couple other 
things. 
Mr. HOYER. I don’t think I got the 
answer to the private sector employ-ees. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Fair enough. Reclaiming my time, since I didn’t 
yield it, but reclaiming my time, I said, clearly, I don’t think this should be part of the private sector. I think working for the Federal Government is a privilege, it is an honor, and I take great exception, Mr. Speaker, to the idea and the notion that we treat Fed-eral workers so poorly that if we were a company everybody would quit. Well, they can quit. They don’t. You look at the turnover rate in the private sector versus the turnover rate in the Federal Government, we treat them pretty darn well. 
Can we do things better? Yes. Part of 
that is weeding out the bad apples. If you are sitting there watching pornog-raphy on your computer 4 hours a day, then you should be fired. If you are a DEA agent down serving in Colombia and you have sex slaves coming before you paid by them, then you should fire them. If you are a Federal worker thumbing your nose at the Federal Government, not paying your taxes, then you should be eligible to be fired by the supervisor. That supervisor, don’t we trust them to make that deci-sion and say: You know what? This per-son is so vital, they do such good work, we are going to keep them? 
But you know what? 24,833 Federal 
employees didn’t even file a Federal tax return, didn’t even file one last year. Is that too small a percentage to worry about? How do you look people in the eye who are all working in this room at some government office and they are all paying their taxes, but these eight yahoos over here aren’t paying their taxes? 
I believe that standing up for the 
Federal workers means, you know what, we owe it to all of you that are doing a good job to make sure that they are too. If they don’t and they are not getting good, guess what. A, you are not going to be hired, and, B, you are eligible to be fired. 
Mr. Speaker, it is exactly what Mr. 
H
OYER voted for, and it worked. It 
worked. It was a good piece of legisla-tion. It was a good vote. Guess what. The IRS now has the highest—less than 1 percent of their people don’t pay their Federal taxes. Give that same tool to the other departments and agencies, and I think we will have even better compliance, and we can look the American people in the eye and say: You know what? We are doing every-thing we can. Stop picking on Federal employees. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ). Mr. HOYER. I would hope the gen-
tleman would make it very, very clear he is not making an analogy between the two instances that he cited for fir-ing, on which I would agree with him, and a Federal employee, for whatever reason, says: Mr. M
EADOWS may not 
have paid his taxes. Certainly the gen-tleman is not making an analogy be-tween the two instances he cited and the latter, I hope; because if he is, he is doing exactly what I think this bill does. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire how much time is remaining on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Maryland has 7
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from Utah has 4
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield 21⁄2minutes 
to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). 
Mr. CONNOLLY. I thank my friend 
from Maryland. 
Mr. Speaker, we have heard some 
words here on the floor describing this bill as simply actually a bill to protect Federal workers who are in compliance from that small percentage who aren’t. We had a hearing today in the Sub-committee on Government Operations of the committee of which Mr. C
HAFFETZ is full committee chair, and 
I asked the question of the tax advo-cate of the IRS: How would you charac-terize 97 percent compliance when the broad public compliance with tax com-pliance is 83 to 86 percent? So how would you characterize 97 percent? The answer was: Extraordinary. 
This is a solution in search of a prob-
lem, and the protestations to the con-trary notwithstanding, this is another way—albeit cloaked in respectability and sanctimony—of whacking Federal employees again. We just heard it: scratch the surface, and suddenly they are all watching pornography; they are all sitting around not doing work; they are all, in fact, not filing taxes, and they ought to be fired—let me go through the list of firing offenses—al-lowing the impression that this actu-ally characterizes the Federal work-force. 
My friend, the minority whip, said 
that if you were a CEO and managed your company this way, you would be fired or your company would go out of business. My friend from Utah took ex-ception to that. But for those who say we ought to run the Federal Govern-ment as a private company, what CEO would keep his or her job who froze wages for 3 years; who disparaged his workforce as being overcompensated, unproductive, lazy, too many of them, and we are going to crack down on you; go after their benefits and make sure they are reduced; threaten not to pay your bills while you are at it? What company would stay in business? What CEO would ever get away with that? That is what we are doing here. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.059 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2248 April 15, 2015 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield an addi-
tional 10 seconds to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). 
Mr. CONNOLLY. We are disparaging 
the Federal workforce. No matter how you put lipstick on a pig, it is still a pig. 
b1600 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I re-
mind the gentleman in this room that it was President Obama who intro-duced the pay freeze. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ). 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, I was 
in my office watching some of this dia-logue, and I will pick right up where the gentleman from Virginia just left off. 
This is not an attack on Federal 
workers. I sat on the subcommittee, Mr. Speaker, when we had the hearing on this issue. This is not an attack on Federal workers. This has absolutely nothing to do with Federal workers and everything to do with taking care of the people who pay for those Federal workers, taking care of the people who pay the taxes. 
The story was told of what happened 
yesterday in the hearing about the DEA. You can accept the services of a prostitute from a drug lord, let the drug cartel members watch your guns and your cell phone, and still not get fired. 
It is not an attack on Federal work-
ers. People back home see that and think that we are crazy. They think we are completely nuts and that we do not know how to run the country. You have to look at that hearing yesterday and think: you know what, they may be right. 
This bill is an attempt to at least try 
to send the message back home to peo-ple and make it very clear: if someone is going to audit you for not paying your taxes, at the very least that per-son will have paid their taxes. 
That is not a slam on Federal work-
ers. It is going to the American people who pay the taxes and saying: look, we may not do the best we possibly can, but at least we pay attention to some things, and we are going to make sure that the people that are auditing you are at least following the law that they are making you follow. 
That is not an unreasonable thing to 
ask for, and it is certainly not an at-tack on the larger Federal workforce. It is simply trying to reaffirm for peo-ple back home that we are not absurd and that we are not crazy and that we are not running this country in any mindless fashion, that we actually do pay attention to what is important to folks back home. 
If we can’t fire the guys taking the 
prostitutes from the drug lords, maybe we can make sure the people doing the audits pay the taxes. That is what this bill is about, which is why it should pass. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). Ms. NORTON. I thank my good friend 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s put in context 
what is happening on this floor today. This is tax day, and what the majority does each tax day is pull out tax bills. Some of them are good bills; some of them have the appearance of every-thing but the kitchen sink. 
There are some Members of their 
party who are running for President on abolishing the IRS. Well, you can’t abolish it; so what they are doing is 
targeting working people in the Fed-eral Government to point out that Re-publicans are not asleep on tax day. 
What the Republican majority is 
doing today is a gratuitous, useless, slap in the face of Federal employees who apparently do understand that they have an affirmative duty, even be-yond others, to pay their taxes because they do so at a rate that is almost twice that of the general public which is more than twice that of other Amer-icans. 
The best that can be said about this 
bill is that it is entirely superfluous. It does what already can be done. What can be done is this: existing statutory authority gives the Federal Govern-ment, the IRS, the ability to collect Federal, State, and local taxes from all Federal employees. 
If federal agencies find that there is a 
delinquent taxpayer, they can already, under Federal law, go from counseling to removal for all Federal employees. That is in the law already, my friends. 
In their wisdom, Congresses in the 
past have wanted to keep Federal em-ployees paying their taxes until they paid them off, so Congress didn’t cut off its nose to spite its face by taking away their jobs as this bill allows. 
They tried something that has 
worked, the Federal Employee/Retiree Delinquency Initiative, which matches up Federal employees in all the agen-cies, not just the IRS, with delin-quencies so they have their very low delinquency rate today. 
The IRS also can levy past the usual 
limit of 15 percent until the govern-ment gets all its money. The IRS have the discretion to do this for all Federal employees, not only IRS employees. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
M
OONEY of West Virginia). The time of 
the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 15 seconds. 
Ms. NORTON. Chairman I SSAcalled 
this bill entirely cosmetic—conceded that this bill was cosmetic when it was introduced before. 
If you want to do something about 
taxes for the American people, stop cutting the IRS so that the IRS can start collecting taxes and cutting the deficit. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) 
has 23⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ), my good friend. 
Mr. LYNCH. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to H.R. 1563, the Federal Employee Tax Accountability Act. 
I just want to point out that this is 
indeed about Federal employees, the Federal Employee Tax Accountability Act. It is all about Federal employees. 
While I have the greatest respect for 
the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ), I remain concerned that 
the practical effect of H.R. 1563 will be to significantly diminish the privacy rights of our dedicated Federal work-force. 
It is important to note that Internal 
Revenue Code section 6103 provides that all citizens, for all citizens, Fed-eral tax information—including tax re-turns, annual wage and tax statements, and tax penalty notices—is strictly confidential and must remain in the trust of only the IRS. It must remain in the trust of only the IRS and the in-dividual taxpayer. That is it. It is not open to general knowledge. 
Under this bill, though, tax informa-
tion—which now includes health infor-mation because of the Affordable Care Act—is all going to be shared among every single Federal agency to take so- called adverse personnel actions against one of its employees where the agency finds that an individual has willfully fallen behind on his or her taxes or failed to file a return on time. 
Now, we have completely blown this 
out. If it is not about Federal employ-ees, this is what we are going to do to every American taxpayer. We are basi-cally deputizing the bosses of all these Federal employees to be able to delve into their personal tax information, their personal healthcare information that is now held by the IRS. 
We are blowing this completely out 
so that we are damaging all of these Federal employees’ privacy rights, and we also present the possibility that, in the future, this will be done to every American citizen. This is not a good idea. 
I think that we have every oppor-
tunity to make sure the people pay their taxes. There is a greater compli-ance rate among Federal employees than there is among the general public. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to 
H.R. 1563, the Federal Employee Tax Ac-countability Act of 2015. While I have the greatest respect for the gentleman from Utah, Chairman C
HAFFETZ , I remain concerned that 
the practical effect of H.R. 1563 will be to sig-nificantly diminish the privacy rights of our dedicated Federal workforce. 
Importantly, Internal Revenue code section 
6103 provides that all federal tax information— including tax returns, annual wage and tax statements, and tax penalty notices—is strictly confidential and must remain in the trust of only the Internal Revenue Service and the in-dividual taxpayer. Current law therefore pro-
hibits any federal agency—other than the I.R.S.—from delving into personal tax informa-tion to determine an individual’s tax compli-ance status. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.060 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2249 April 15, 2015 
In stark contrast, H.R. 1563 would authorize 
the head of not only the I.R.S. but every fed-eral agency to take so-called ‘‘adverse per-sonnel actions’’ against one of its employees where the agency finds that an individual has wilfully fallen behind on his or her taxes or failed to file a return on time. In order to de-fend yourself against such an adverse per-sonnel action under H.R. 1563, you must demonstrate that your failure to pay your taxes or file a return on time stemmed from a ‘‘rea-sonable cause.’’ 
In other words, this bill deputizes agency 
administrators, managers, and foremen as bonafide tax investigators—authorizing them to examine and determine the tax compliance status of agency employees. In addition, H.R. 1563 essentially requires all federal workers to affirmatively defend their failure to pay taxes or file a return on time by requiring them to provide agency management with specific and satisfactory reasons for their non-compliance. If you’re behind on your taxes because you went through a health care crisis and want to keep your federal job, you’re going to have to share the details of your medical emergency with your employing agency under this bill. If you’re behind on your taxes because you’re going through a divorce but still want to keep working at your federal agency, you’re going to have to disclose the facts surrounding your divorce to your federal manager. 
Now, I understand that this bill may seek to 
address those rare instances where federal bad actors intentionally try to cheat on their taxes. In practice, however, H.R. 1563 will broadly diminish the tax privacy rights of all federal employees. That’s in spite of the 97% tax compliance rate for federal workers re-ported to our committee by the I.R.S. for 2014. It’s also in spite of the existing federal pay-ment levy program that already allows the I.R.S. to levy federal salaries and wages in order to recover delinquent tax debts in a cost-effective manner. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t believe that the solution 
to achieving 100% tax compliance across the federal workforce is to waive the individual pri-vacy rights of dedicated federal workers across the board. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to oppose this legisla-tion. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Unfortunately, all that is in this bill 
is pure symbolism without any sub-stance, and it is very, very sad. I am disappointed to say that the House ma-jority seems more interested in ide-ology and political messaging rather than facts and evidence. 
Here are the facts. There is no prob-
lem to solve. The IRS confirmed that they have no problem collecting delin-quent taxes from Federal employees. Federal employees have a much higher tax compliance rate than the American public and even Members of Congress and their staffs. 
CBO has estimated that implementa-
tion of this measure will actually in-crease the cost to American taxpayers. 
I, again, ask the question: When 
somebody is fired and does not have a job, where does the money come from? The fact is that we already have mech-anisms in place to get the money. I do believe with all my heart that this is another effort to demonize our Federal 
employees, and it is very, very sad. 
I urge all Members to vote against 
this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Here are the facts. I just love it when 
Washington, D.C., says, Oh, there is no problem. We have got a hundred thou-sand-plus people—Federal employees— who don’t pay about $1.1 billion in taxes. That number is up from $962 mil-lion in 2008. 
The problem is getting worse, but 
there is one department, one agency, where it is getting better, where it did improve, and it was in the IRS. We should pat them on the back. 
There is one fundamental thing that 
we changed. In a bill that was voted on and supported by Mr. C
UMMINGS and 
Mr. H OYER and the 400-plus Members of 
this body, the Congress gave the abil-ity and the authority to the head of the IRS to terminate the employment of one of their workers if they are not paying Federal taxes. 
Guess what. Now, they have the best 
tax compliance rate in the Federal Government. Let’s give that same tool to the rest of the departments and agencies. 
You know what is a slap in a face to 
the Federal worker? When you don’t get rid of the bad apples. When you have got somebody who is thumbing their nose, not playing by the rules, not doing what they are supposed to be doing. Guess what. It goes into the mo-rale of the institution. 
I think, as a Federal employee being 
paid by the taxpayers, one of your fun-damental responsibilities is to file and pay your Federal taxes. 
A fact: last year, we had 24,833 people 
who, as Federal employees, didn’t even file a return. Can we solve that? Abso-lutely, we can solve that. We should re-quire it. 
When somebody goes to fill out an 
application, they should certify that they are fully compliant with the taxes. If there is a hardship, if they are in dispute over taxes owed, if their spouse gets into problems, if they are having their wages garnished, there are all of these outs. 
Even at the finish line, based on an 
amendment offered by Mr. L
YNCH , 
which we accepted, you get another 180 days to then go forward to your admin-istrator or whoever is leading your de-partment and agency and say: I am val-uable; I am trying. 
Still, the leader can say: Oh, you 
know what? I am going to give you a waiver or allow you to continue. 
If we don’t give them the authority— 
which they have at the IRS—then you limit the tools, and you are not getting rid of the people who are the bad ap-ples. 
We can make sure we get the best 
Federal employees but weed out the bad apples. I want to see people on both sides of the aisle say: let’s pat the back of the overwhelming majority who are 
patriotic, hard-working, dedicated em-ployees, but we are going to get rid of the bad apples. 
That is what this bill does. I urge its 
passage. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1563, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 15 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1629 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia) at 4 
o’clock and 29 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on the questions pre-viously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
Ordering the previous question on H. 
Res. 200; adopting H. Res. 200, if or-dered; and suspending the rules and passing H.R. 1562 and H.R. 1563. 
The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.028 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2250 April 15, 2015 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 622, STATE AND LOCAL SALES TAX DEDUCTION FAIR-NESS ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1105, DEATH TAX REPEAL ACT OF 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1195, BU-REAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION ADVISORY BOARDS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 200) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 622) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the deduction of State and local general sales taxes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1105) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1195) to amend the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Act of 2010 to establish advi-sory boards, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 183, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 154] 
YEAS—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp 
Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer 
Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—183 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Adams 
Duncan (SC) Poliquin Price (NC) 
Richmond Ruiz Smith (WA) 
Young (AK) 
b1700 
Mrs. CAPPS, Messrs. AGUILAR and 
DOGGETT changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. DENT, M
CCLINTOCK, AUS-
TIN SCOTT of Georgia, and SESSIONS changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 242, noes 182, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 155] 
AYES—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline 
Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.065 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2251 April 15, 2015 
Renacci 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—182 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams Bishop (MI) Duncan (SC) Price (NC) 
Ruiz Smith (WA) Young (AK) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1706 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REMEMBERING PRESIDENT 
ABRAHAM LINCOLN 
(Mr. M CCARTHY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, at 7:22 
this morning, 150 years ago, we lost one of the greatest leaders of our Nation: President Abraham Lincoln. 
Lincoln understood American 
exceptionalism. We know this for many reasons, but one great reason was his words at Gettysburg. He told the crowd that our Fathers had brought forth on this continent a new nation, one con-ceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. It was his vision that this Na-tion would have a new birth of free-dom; and, for that beautiful vision, many have fought and died. 
President Lincoln understood the 
cost of freedom. He was a Member of this, the people’s House, for one term before he rose to become—what I be-lieve—one of our greatest statesmen. 
He struggled and never gave up to 
pass the 13th Amendment, so that no one here would ever again have to en-dure the sin of slavery. He died for the dream that life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness would finally become more than just words, that it would be a promise kept to all. 
As we remember Lincoln as one of 
the greatest American leaders and the truest embodiment of American prin-ciples, our country still feels the mark of his great presence today. I thought it was important that we memorialize it here. 
f 
CONTRACTING AND TAX 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1562) to prohibit the awarding of a contract or grant in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold unless the prospective contractor or grantee certifies in writing to the agency awarding the contract or grant that the contractor or grantee has no seri-ously delinquent tax debts, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 424, nays 0, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 156] 
YEAS—424 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.026 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2252 April 15, 2015 
Moulton 
Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Adams Duncan (SC) Pelosi Price (NC) 
Ruiz Smith (WA) Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1716 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FEDERAL EMPLOYEE TAX 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1563) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that individ-uals having seriously delinquent tax debts shall be ineligible for Federal employment, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 266, nays 160, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 157] 
YEAS—266 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Capps Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent 
Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NAYS—160 
Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Rangel Reed Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—5 
Adams 
Duncan (SC) Price (NC) 
Ruiz Smith (WA) 
b1723 
So (two-thirds not being in the af-
firmative) the motion was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN MEMORY 
OF THE BOSTON MARATHON VIC-TIMS 
(Mr. CAPUANO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, 2 years 
ago today, one of the most cowardly acts in American history was per-petrated on the people of Boston, of Massachusetts, of America, and, in fact, of the world when two lowly cow-ards blew up two bombs in the middle of the Boston Marathon, which is a celebration of American patriotism and of the birth of this country, killing three innocent people and, later on in the day, shooting a police officer in, again, another cowardly act, and injur-ing over 275 people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.027 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2253 April 15, 2015 
I just want to take a moment of the 
House’s time to remember the people who died that day, the people who were injured that day, and to think for a moment as to what a wonderful coun-try we have the good fortune to live in. 
God bless the United States of Amer-
ica. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I would ask 
everyone to rise to share a moment of silence with me. 
f 
TAX DAY AND IRS 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
(Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, Ameri-
cans strongly dislike tax day, and Uncle Sam is set to take in record lev-els of Americans’ tax dollars again this year. These are dollars that the hard- working taxpayers take out of their wallets, and they are too often used to grow Washington’s bureaucracy at the expense of growth elsewhere in the country. 
Western Pennsylvanians are right-
fully frustrated with the Federal Gov-ernment’s overreach into their daily lives. Back in Pennsylvania’s 12th Dis-trict, I regularly talk with folks who are appalled by the IRS’ hypocrisy, corruption, and abuse of power. 
From IRS’ attempts to shut down 
people who disagree with the adminis-tration’s political agenda to Federal employees owing thousands in back taxes, the IRS needs to be held ac-countable to the people. Washington bureaucrats are not above the law. Americans spend countless hours and precious financial resources in filing their tax returns by April 15. They are following the law. It is only fair for the American people to expect that the IRS does the same. 
I was proud to support several bills 
today that are designed to protect tax-payers, to restore the public’s faith in our system of laws, and to prevent the IRS from abusing its power. 
f 
b1730 
BRING BACK OUR GIRLS 
(Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I stand here today 1 year since Boko Haram kidnapped 270 young girls attending school in Chibok, Nige-ria. This kidnapping received inter-national attention for a short time; then, like the girls, the spotlight dis-appeared, and yet our children remain hidden and subjected to unimaginable crimes. 
Innocent girls who cry out to be lib-
erated cannot be forgotten. They are as Maya Angelou’s caged birds who sing with a fearful trill of things unknown but longed for still, and their tune is heard on the distant hill, for the caged 
birds sing of freedom. 
Madam Speaker, I join my colleagues 
today in saying, ‘‘Bring Back Our Girls.’’ 
f 
UNITED STATES SET TO BE A NET 
EXPORTER OF NATURAL GAS IN 2017 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Speaker, earlier this week the Energy Information Administration re-leased its annual forecast of U.S. en-ergy trends and predicted that the United States will become a net ex-porter of natural gas by 2017. 
As cochair of the bipartisan Congres-
sional Natural Gas Caucus, I under-stand the magnitude of this geo-political transition and the implica-tions for ensuring American energy se-curity through continued natural gas development and investment. By be-coming a net exporter of natural gas by 2017, the United States will be able to build and strengthen its economy, help to improve the environment, and re-main globally competitive. 
As one of the Nation’s top producers 
of natural gas, Pennsylvania continues to help drive record-breaking oil and natural gas production domestically. The Energy Information Administra-tion’s recent projections place the United States closer than ever to ob-taining energy independence, while sig-naling longer term market stability that will make energy prices more af-fordable for businesses and families throughout Pennsylvania and all across the country. 
f 
FISHER HOUSE ANNIVERSARY 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. TITUS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Fisher House Foundation on their 25th anniversary and to thank them for their services to our military and veteran families. 
The Fisher House Foundation is the 
result of the vision and efforts by Zachary and Elizabeth Fisher. They wanted to provide a home away from home for the families of servicemen and -women while their loved ones re-ceived treatment, and their vision has come to fruition. 
Since the first Fisher House opened 
in 1990, over 250,000 families have saved $282 million in lodging and transpor-tation costs. The 64 locations through-out the United States and Germany have provided families 5.8 million days of lodging. 
Just a few weeks ago, I was fortunate 
and proud to participate in the groundbreaking of Nevada’s first Fish-er House, located across the street from our new VA hospital. What a won-derful day it was. Congratulations, Fisher House Foun-
dation, and thank you and your volun-teers for all you do to make a difficult time just a little easier for our Na-tion’s heroes. 
f 
HONORING DR. DONNA E. SHALALA 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-
er, I rise tonight to recognize one of the most profound educational leaders of her generation, Dr. Donna Shalala. 
As the head of my alma mater, the 
University of Miami, Donna made it her goal to see UM become the next great American research university. Never one to leave a promise unfulfilled, under her unparalleled guidance, the university has consist-ently ranked in the top 50 research in-stitutions. 
Through leadership, service, and self-
lessness, Donna has positively im-pacted our south Florida area as a school administrator and a community leader. It is with great pride, admira-tion, and affection that I join our com-munity and University of Miami stu-dents, professors, and grads in thank-ing Dr. Shalala for her hard work and dedication. 
Donna, you are an outstanding mem-
ber of our south Florida community, and we will certainly miss you. I wish you good fortune and all the best in this new, exciting, next chapter of your life. 
Oh, yes. Go Canes. Thank you, Donna. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE DAY OF 
SILENCE 
(Mr. ENGEL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, every 
year three-quarters of gay, lesbian, bi-sexual, and transgender kids in this country are verbally harassed at school. Nearly a fifth will be physically assaulted. It is time for the bullying and abuse to stop. 
Every year GLSEN organizes the Na-
tional Day of Silence. This Friday, kids across the country will take a daylong vow of silence to draw attention to the abuse their LGBT friends and class-mates have to deal with every day. 
Counseling and outreach have done a 
lot to help these kids, but change is not coming fast enough, so I am once again introducing a resolution sup-porting the Day of Silence. LGBT kids deserve to be able to go to school and feel safe. I invite my colleagues to join me and cosponsor the resolution. 
On another matter, yesterday is the 
1-year anniversary that the Nigerian schoolgirls were kidnapped by the ter-ror group Boko Haram. I am wearing these ribbons today to say ‘‘Bring Back Our Girls,’’ and I thank our colleague 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.073 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2254 April 15, 2015 
FREDERICA WILSON of Florida for being 
a champion on this issue. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE DUKE 
UNIVERSITY BASKETBALL TEAM 
(Mr. BUTTERFIELD asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Madam Speak-
er, I rise to congratulate Duke Univer-sity and its Division I men’s basketball team on winning the 2015 national championship. Duke’s win against the University of Wisconsin at Madison marks their fifth national champion-ship victory. 
At the team’s helm is the winningest 
coach in Division I men’s basketball history, legendary coach Mike Krzyzewski. We refer to him as Coach K. This year’s team, led by senior Quinn Cook, continued the tradition of excellence in my district in Durham, North Carolina, by earning the 88th schoolwide NCAA tournament victory. Even more impressive, Madam Speak-er, is the fact that the Duke University Blue Devils had five All-ACC Academic players, which is the most in the school’s history. 
Today I introduced a resolution, 
along with my colleagues, to recognize the team for its extraordinary achieve-ment. I urge quick consideration of my resolution and encourage my col-leagues to support it. 
Madam Speaker, I ask all of my col-
leagues to join me in congratulating the Duke University Blue Devils on their historic tournament win. 
f 
ONE-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
BOKO HARAM KIDNAPPING OF NIGERIAN SCHOOLGIRLS 
(Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Madam Speaker, a year and a day ago today, 276 innocent Nigerian school-girls were tragically taken away from their boarding school and their family. 
One year later, more than 200 of 
these girls are still missing, and Boko Haram continues to prey on the Nige-rian people. The kidnapping of these schoolgirls is just one example of the appalling acts of terror committed by this group, who, according to the Human Rights Watch, have killed more than 2,000 people and forced 800,000 children to be displaced from their homes. 
We simply must do more to combat 
their efforts. 
I commend President Obama for pub-
licly expressing his willingness to as-sist Nigeria in its efforts to dismantle this group. 
Additionally, I encourage the incom-
ing President of Nigeria, President Buhari, to remain committed to his pledge to implement an aggressive ef-fort to combat Boko Haram and to pro-tect his citizens. 
I hope, with the anniversary of these 
attacks upon us, we are all regalva-nized to do what we can to bring back 
our girls and protect our other inno-cent citizens from any future attacks. 
I thank Congresswoman F
REDERICA  
WILSON for her leadership on this issue. 
f 
BOKO HARAM IS A CRIMINAL 
ORGANIZATION 
(Ms. MOORE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. MOORE. Madam Speaker, it is 
very heartbreaking to think that it has been a whole year since our girls, 276 girls, were kidnapped by Boko Haram in Nigeria. I think the importance of memorializing this is to talk about the nature of terror and its cruelty, to take these children, these babies, away in the name of religion. 
It is extremely important for us to 
galvanize all around the world and to focus on the main thing. The main thing is these are criminal organiza-tions. These are not religiously moti-vated people. These are people who will maim, cripple, and kill anyone for their political objectives. 
I want to thank F
REDERICA WILSON  
for her leadership in bringing us all to-gether today, and Mrs. M
ALONEY from 
New York, and I pray that our resolve will be reignited today. 
f 
PAYCHECK FAIRNESS ACT 
(Mr. D ESAULNIER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in support of the Paycheck Fairness Act. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, in 2013, women who worked full time earned, on average, only 78 cents for every dollar a man earned. The figures are even worse for women of color. African American women earned only approximately 64 cents and Latinas only 56 cents for each dollar earned by a White male. This is absolutely and unequivocally unacceptable in the United States of America. The average woman would have lost $420,000 throughout her work-ing lifetime as a result of this pay gap. 
In my district, women make up 51 
percent of the population, yet there is still a 76.4 percent wage gap in their annual median earnings. That is why I am a sponsor of the Paycheck Fairness Act, which would work to close the gender wage gap by requiring employ-ers to demonstrate that wage differen-tials are based on factors other than sex, and strengthening penalties for equal pay violations. 
Families increasingly rely on wom-
en’s wages to make ends meet. Equal pay is not simply a women’s issue; it is a family issue. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS TAX 
(Mr. CURBELO of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, small businesses are vital to the strength and dynamism of the American economy, generating 63 per-cent of new private sector jobs over the past two decades. But it’s not just about the entrepreneurs. It is also about helping workers that depend on small businesses for their paycheck, whether it be young people paying down their college loans, immigrants hoping to provide a better life for their loved ones, or moms and dads looking for a little more income while the kids are at school. Small businesses not only strengthen Main Street, they play a vital role in keeping our neighbors prosperous. 
One of the many challenges that 
small businesses face is a cumbersome and overbearing Tax Code. Most small businesses file their taxes as S corpora-tions or sole proprietorships, both of which are taxed at individual rates. 
Congress needs to get serious about 
reforming and simplifying the Tax Code. Creating a broader, flatter tax base will allow for lower rates for both individuals and businesses. I look for-ward to working with my colleagues to find ways to reform our Tax Code so small businesses and their workers can thrive. 
f 
HONORING ABRAHAM LINCOLN 
(Mr. CROWLEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CROWLEY. Madam Speaker, I 
was tempted to rise when my friend Mr. M
CCARTHY from California was 
speaking of the great, late President Abraham Lincoln and his legacy—real-ly, a dichotomy of a man, a very com-plicated individual. We know of his great achievements, of ending slavery, of maintaining our Union—great achievements—and very difficult achievements for him as well, passing the 13th Amendment. 
We think of how dysfunctional, 
maybe, Congress is today and the lack of cooperation. Under the conditions that then-President Lincoln was oper-ating, it is a marvel that he was able to pass such incredible legislation with such ramifications, and positively. 
But I think one of the great things 
about Lincoln that oft times goes un-noticed is one of the legacies that was unintended by himself directly: he dies. He is shot on the 14th of April 1865. He dies on the 15th of April 1865. 
One of the greatest things about 
Abraham Lincoln is, on the 16th of April, the Sun rose again on the Repub-lic of the United States, a better na-tion for his having lived, but continued despite his absence. How wonderful a legacy is that, that this Republic, greater than any man or woman, lives on, a better place for him having lived. 
May God rest the soul of Abraham 
Lincoln. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.076 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2255 April 15, 2015 
b1745 
CONGRATULATING THE IRVING 
INDEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Irving Inde-pendent School District for being rec-ognized by the College Board as the 2015 Advanced Placement District of the Year in the midsized category. This award recognizes the efforts Irving ISD has made in ensuring the academic suc-cess of our local school children. 
Since 2008, Irving ISD has increased 
by 70 percent the number of students taking AP courses and has increased by 83 percent the number of students who scored a 3 or higher on an AP exam. Not only are more students taking AP courses at Irving, but they are also earning good scores, and that is really important. 
I represent almost all of South Irving 
and District 33. Three out of the five high schools in the Irving ISD are lo-cated in South Irving. 
To every teacher, principal, staffer, 
and parent at Cardwell, MacArthur, Nimitz, Singley, and Irving High, con-gratulations on this outstanding aca-demic achievement. Thank you for making all of us Texas proud. 
f 
PROGRESSIVE CAUCUS HOUR 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
MIMIWALTERS of California). Under the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jer-sey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) is recog-
nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Madam 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Today, 
low-wage workers across the country rallied in small towns and big cities. Their request is very simple: a livable wage and the right to organize. 
This isn’t rocket science. These folks 
turn on the news and see reports on stock market gains on Wall Street. They see companies reporting record profits. They see the prices for bread and a carton of milk rising every month. Then they open their pay-checks and see the same amount that they have seen for the past 10 years. 
This is a crisis that my colleagues 
across the aisle keep trying to brush under a political rug. That may have worked in the past, but it is just get-ting too big to be hidden. 
According to UC Berkeley economist 
Emmanuel Saez, the Nation’s 100 rich-est families have as much wealth as the 80 million families that make up 
the bottom 50 percent in wealth. Mean-while, Republicans keep trying to ped-dle the same, tired ‘‘work hard and get ahead’’ rhetoric. 
Madam Speaker, American workers 
are doing just that. They are stringing together 40-hour weeks whenever they can. In many cases, they are not given the opportunity to even do that, but they are being paid wages that cobble together to just over $15,000 a year. 
Even when McDonald’s raises wages 
for the fraction of its workers behind the counters of their corporate stores, they will only get a raise of $5,000. $5,000 will make a huge difference for those families, but at $20,000, they have gone from drowning to just barely keeping their heads above water. 
That is not enough to pay for a col-
lege education or to buy a home. That is not enough to save for retirement. That is not enough to pay for medical bills. Madam Speaker, that is not enough to achieve the American Dream. 
My Progressive Caucus colleagues 
and I are here on the floor tonight to stand with workers in the fight for $15, that is $15 an hour and the right to form unions. 
It is time to support working fami-
lies, and it is time to make it possible to work hard and get ahead. 
It is now my pleasure to yield to the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON), one of the chairs of our caucus. 
Mr. ELLISON. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I had an interesting 
story today. I was talking with a young lady named Stacy Mitchell, who is a researcher. 
She does a lot of research on this 
issue of what is the economic effect of raising the minimum wage because what you hear so many conservatives say is, if we raise the minimum wage, maybe there will be a lot of workers who simply will not be employable be-cause they don’t have the skill level to be employed, they don’t bring enough value to the business to pay them $15 an hour. 
What she showed—and this is 
through research—is that low wages lead to workers who have a lot of high turnover. High turnover leads to mis-takes, leads to errors, leads to training errors, leads to bad customer service when the workers don’t have a firm grip on what they have been doing. High turnover and the need to retrain then leads to a loss of money, and they have calculated that to about $12,000 a year for the average small business. 
Now, folks who are interested in 
learning more about this can contact the Institute for Local Self-Reliance. This is a small-business organization that says that we can have more eco-nomic viability if we focus on small business and not just the big-box re-tailer. 
Of course, it is interesting because, 
whenever you talk to the big-box re-tailer about raising the minimum wage or whether you talk to McDonald’s or 
Walmart, they always say: yeah, we are making record profits; but what about the small business? 
It was pretty surprising to hear that 
there are a lot of small businesses that have decided to pay people a better wage, keep them on the job, and as they stay on the job, they learn the job better, serve the customer better, and end up making the business more prof-itable overall. 
A lot of businesspeople, whether it is 
Costco or Ben & Jerry’s, are chal-lenging this idea by the rightwing con-servative business types that squeezing the most out of the worker, hurting the 
worker, taking the most out of the worker, paying the worker the least you can possibly afford—not any health care, not any sick days—just squeezing the life out of that worker is not a good business model. There are other ways to do it. There are ways for everyone to succeed. 
Now, sometimes, my friends on the 
other side of the aisle like to say: Have you ever run a business? In fact, I have. I am a businessowner. I ran my own law firm for years. I employed inves-tigators. I employed legal assistants. I even hired some lawyers. 
When people arrogantly talk about, 
Oh, I know business, and you don’t, it always makes me chuckle a little bit because I actually have run a busi-ness—owned a business—and actually have run fairly large nonprofits, which are also businesses. 
It is clear to me that the real thing 
that I cared about as a businessperson is customers coming through the door. I needed people with money who could pay me. That is what I needed. If no-body was making any money, they couldn’t pay me. 
What was always better for me is 
being in a vibrant, strong community with an economy where prosperity was shared so that people had some busi-ness for me. 
It is funny; I never worried about 
taxes too much. I can’t imagine too many small-businesspeople staying up all night worrying about taxes. You know what they are worried about? Customers coming through the door, clients coming through the door, peo-ple who need haircuts, people who need meals, people who need a lawyer to do their will—that is what you have got to have. 
But if the average working class per-
son is broke because they have been getting paid $7 an hour or whatever, they can’t spend money with you. 
It was interesting to me, when I first 
got to Congress, this was right before 
the real hit in the financial system in 2008. I was at a committee hearing, I will let the gentlewoman know, and I asked one of the witnesses at the com-mittee hearing what their opinion was about Americans having negative sav-ings because I found a statistic that Americans had a negative 2 percent savings rate. 
That meant that you were borrowing 
to consume. That meant that you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.078 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2256 April 15, 2015 
didn’t have money, and you had to go 
to the credit card, the payday loan, title loan, something like that, to make it through the week. 
This person looked at me and said: 
Well, there is so much equity people have in their homes; that is not a prob-lem. 
This is an economist I will never lis-
ten to again. The bottom line is, when you pay people more, they can save. They can save for retirement. When you pay people more, that makes them more loyal to you. I actually paid peo-ple as much as I could—way over min-imum wage—and the reason why is I needed my legal secretary to know how to prepare documents the way I needed them. 
I needed her to know how to prepare 
the document so that I could read it over, make sure that this divorce or this will or whatever it was that I was doing for them was right; and the bet-ter she got at what she was doing, the faster I could work. I was happy to pay her because the customer was happy to pay. The real job was getting cus-tomers in the door, and paying workers better was smarter and more profitable for me. 
I absolutely reject this model that 
you squeeze the life out of the worker and try to make sure that they don’t have anything except for the bus fare to get back to work the next day. This is absolutely wrong. Yes, you can run a business like that; you can make a lot of money like that, but you will ruin society doing things like that. 
I actually liked paying taxes so we 
could have the Metro rail to get people to work, so the bus would come. I didn’t mind being able to turn on the spigot and have clean water come out of the faucet in Minnesota. 
I don’t understand these people who 
claim to be for business, don’t want to pay any taxes, don’t want to train any-body, don’t want to pay any decent wages, and hate health care. It is the craziest thing in the world. It is actu-ally bad for business and leads to very extremes in society, the extremely rich and the vast ocean of the poor. 
How many people have you talked to 
who sit back and say, You know what, you used to be able to get into the mid-dle class by becoming a small-business-person or getting a good union job? 
The conservative rightwing attacks 
both. The conservative rightwing at-tacks unions. The conservative right-wing doesn’t like unions, and they are union busters, so union membership has declined. As they have pushed this right-to-work garbage, what we have seen is wages go down at the very same time. 
It is a funny thing about these big, 
big, big business types. Whenever they come to my office asking for whatever, they always talk in terms of the small business. I always find it somewhat amusing when the big businesses that pay poverty wages say: well, if we raise the minimum wage, it is going to hurt small business. I think to myself: Man, when was the 
last time you were ever running a small business? You don’t pay any taxes because you have got lawyers trying to figure out how to get around them. You don’t deal with what the small-businessperson has to deal with. 
They actually have to earn a living 
and come up with a product or service that people really want, and they don’t get tax breaks the way you do. They don’t have an army of lawyers to help them escape their responsibility to help fund the U.S. Government. 
What does all that have to do with 
today? Well, low-wage workers have fi-nally gotten sick of it. Today, over 200 cities are standing together to call for $15 an hour. Thirty different countries are standing in solidarity with low- wage workers, calling for $15 an hour. 
I am proud that, in my own city of 
Minneapolis, low-wage workers have gone out and are on strike to demand $15 an hour. These are the people who make the hamburgers, they fry the chicken, they sweep the floors. They do the stuff that, if it doesn’t get done, the business crashes. 
I am going to tell you honestly, in 
the business I ran, if I wanted to go on vacation for a day or two, I probably could; but, if my legal secretary and my investigator and the lawyer that I hired didn’t show up, I would be in trouble. I couldn’t go anywhere. 
I guarantee you that you can’t show 
me a CEO of a business that is a big business who can’t show up or go on a long golfing trip, whatever; but, if you let the people who actually fry the chicken not show up, this place will grind to a halt. 
b1800 
So I was very glad to see tens of 
thousands of low-wage workers in more than 200 cities standing together to call for $15 an hour. These workers are White, they are Black, they are Latino, they are Asian. They are young, they are old. Some of them are senior citi-zens. 
These workers, some of them were 
born in the United States, and some of them came here from other places. They are diverse, but they are unified in the idea that in America we ought to have a fair economy that makes sure that everybody can climb the lad-der of success, not just a few who want to concentrate wealth at the very top. 
Then after they get to the top, they 
don’t want to pay any taxes, they don’t want to pay for public services, and they want to divide people. They want to divide people. 
These workers, they don’t care if you 
are straight or gay. They want to know, Are you down with raising the wage? 
They don’t care if you are Latino or 
maybe you are Black. They don’t care. They care about, are you for an eco-nomic ladder that everyone can climb if they work hard. 
We are in an America today where 
the people at the top, many of them are highly divisive. They want to split 
the straight from the gay, the Black from the White. They want to break everybody up because they know that is the only way they can keep the con-trol that they have. 
So we are unified around our com-
mon humanity, our love of this coun-try and our belief that this is the land of opportunity. That is just not some slogan. It has got to be real, and it has got to mean something. And anybody who puts in a hard week of work ought to be able to do well by their family. 
Here is one of the most amazing 
things. This statistic really blew me out. 
And by the way, please just ask me 
to yield when you are sick of me going on. 
I just thought I would share this lit-
tle statistic with you because it really did shock me, because, you know, the conservative rightwing is very proud of how they claim, Oh, we are self-reliant. We don’t ask anybody for anything. We believe people should work for them-selves. And they are real hard on folks with government assistance. 
But did you know that—I am looking 
for this statistic right here. I had it just a moment ago. It blew my mind when I saw it. 
It showed that if you add up all of the 
public assistance that low-wage work-ers have to rely on because their bosses will not pay them properly—Uncle Sam has to pay if the people don’t have a livable wage. If they don’t have enough for rent and food because their job won’t pay them enough, then these people go on public assistance. 
If you add up all that public assist-
ance, it basically is a subsidy to Big Business, and I think that number is about $150 billion. It is about $150 bil-lion of welfare, welfare that some of these conservative corporate types are mooching off the American people. 
And their chest is always poked out 
about how we work for ourselves. We don’t rely on anyone. 
Well, wait a minute. These folks 
work hard every day, getting splat-tered with grease, pushing a broom, making hamburgers, customer after customer, on your feet all day long. These folks work hard, but $150 billion of accumulated subsidy to the working poor. 
I will never forget how Walmart— 
yes, I said the name. And by the way, I want to congratulate them for raising the wage. You ought to say what is good when it happens. Thank you, Walmart, for raising the wage. 
But I do have to tell on you a little 
bit because last Christmas, which is the spirit of giving, they put out a bucket asking their customers to put canned goods in the bucket so that their customers would give canned food goods so that they would distribute them to their workers. I am sure some-body thought that was a clever busi-ness idea. 
Wait a minute. You want the cus-
tomers to give free canned goods to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.079 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2257 April 15, 2015 
your workers because you will not pay 
them? 
You know, McDonald’s had this pro-
posed budget that was proposing, I don’t know, all kinds of crazy things that—undignified things people were asked to do. 
At the end of the day, though, I just 
want to say that these workers who have gone out, over 200 cities, where workers are going out on strike, saying that we need to get paid more, I am very proud of these people. 
This is a great American tradition. 
Civil disobedience, striking has been something in America, sometimes when you don’t have any bargaining power, when you don’t have a union, when the National Labor Relations Board will not protect you quickly enough because it has been weakened by the conservative wing, then you have got to strike. What else are you going to do? 
America’s elected leaders and CEOs 
are finally waking up to the reality that a low-wage economy, in which many can’t afford basic necessities and are forced to rely on public aid, isn’t good for working families, or the econ-omy, or the taxpayer. 
Last year, the President issued exec-
utive orders that ensured the minimum wage and workplace protections for Americans working under Federal con-tracts. 
And over the last few months, what 
we have seen is that employers like Walmart, Target, T.J. Maxx, McDon-ald’s, have announced raises for the employees. 
Do you really believe they would 
have done it without these strikes? Ab-solutely not. They wouldn’t have given these poor folks a penny. They had to go on strike. They had to. They had no choice. They were pushed to the brink. 
I am about to yield back to the gen-
tlelady, but I just want to tell folks about the model employer and labor rights. 
In Congress we can help support this 
movement by continuing to join work-ers in their strikes and by fighting for action at the Federal level. 
The Congressional Progressive Cau-
cus is calling for a model employer ex-ecutive order that gives preference for Federal contracts to companies that do more than just pay the minimum by providing things like livable wages, paid leave, health benefits, and re-specting their employees’ right to col-lectively bargain. 
That will restore the American mid-
dle class. 
As I take my seat, I just want to 
point out to the gentlewoman from New Jersey, in 1957 there were a lot of things that America needed to im-prove. We had racism, segregation. Women could not rise to their poten-tial. There were a lot of things Amer-ica needed to do better at. 
But in 1957, about 35 percent of the 
American workforce was in a union. And guess what? One person could feed a family of four. One person could feed a family of four. Now, because people have been push-
ing trickle-down economics, Reagan-omics, whatever, and we say we are going to squeeze the workers, we are going to offshore their job, the rich won’t pay any taxes, and we are not going to provide any services, and we are going to break the unions, now, for 40 years, we have seen wages flat, and we have seen this thing happen. We have seen these bad outcomes. 
But you know what? Today is a new day. People are wise 
to it, and they are unifying together to push back and make a brand new econ-omy where we can have the public sec-tor and the private sector work to-gether for the betterment of the Amer-ican people. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank 
the gentleman for the fine points that he has made. I can speak from a per-sonal perspective. I am one of four sib-lings, and my father was the bread earner and my mother was the woman who was taking care of our family. And he, indeed, did provide a good and wholesome living for his family. 
Madam Speaker, right now, tens of 
thousands of American workers in fast food and child care and home care and airport services, and even in profes-sional positions in higher education, are not being paid enough to survive. And what that means, and I believe that my colleague did mention it, it be-comes a drag on the economy. 
Our economy does rely on consumers 
buying products. They want not just products that they need. Spending is what gives companies, big and small, the revenue to expand and hire more workers. Ideally, it is also what gives companies the revenue to increase wages. 
But if you ask the workers who are 
fighting for $15 an hour, they will tell you that a wage increase has been no-where in sight. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to my col-
league from the great State of Cali-fornia, Congresswoman L
EE. 
Ms. LEE. Let me thank you, Con-
gresswoman W ATSON COLEMAN , for 
yielding and for hosting this important Special Order on the need to provide all Americans a good-paying job and the right to form a union. 
I want to thank you for your tremen-
dous leadership each and every day, for making sure that we stay on point on all of these economic issues that mean so much to people who are working yet still live below the poverty line. So thank you again. 
This afternoon, the Congressional 
Progressive Caucus, which I am proud to serve as the whip of, welcomed ex-perts and low-wage workers to the Hill for a forum. 
Now, each of the workers told power-
ful stories, and I hope that these are stories that Members here on both sides of the House will listen to. They spoke of struggling to get by, despite working full time on paychecks that are just too small. I hope we will take their struggles to heart and join the Congressional Progressive Caucus in 
our efforts to ensure a good-paying job for all Americans. 
Too many Americans are still strug-
gling to find a job that pays more than the bare minimum. They don’t want to just get by. They want to get ahead, and they want to live the American Dream. They deserve to live the Amer-ican Dream. 
They are looking for a job that pays 
an actual living wage, a job that will provide them with paychecks big enough to lift themselves out of pov-erty into the middle class, a job where they can take care of their families and make sure the bills are paid, and maybe save for retirement. These are American values that everyone wants to live by and to achieve. 
A few decades ago, these jobs were 
accessible to most Americans. Yet, be-cause of the Great Recession and wage stagnation, too many Americans are working harder and harder for pay-checks that keep them trapped in pov-erty. In the world’s richest and most powerful Nation, this really is a dis-grace. 
A report released just 2 days ago 
from the University of California at Berkeley, in my district, found that al-lowing companies to pay workers wages that keep them in poverty costs taxpayers $152 billion a year. That is outrageous. 
Instead of doing the right thing and 
paying for a living wage, these corpora-tions are reaping record corporate prof-its while leaving families to struggle and taxpayers on the hook. 
Now, as a former small- 
businessowner myself, I can tell you that paying poverty wage is no way to run a business. Paying a living wage with benefits is good for business, and it is the right thing to do. 
As we continue to build support for 
the Good Jobs Movement, I know that more and more businessowners will see the benefit of paying a living wage and will join our cause. 
Everyone deserves a job that allows 
them to make a living and provides them with the right to form a union. It is the economically sensible thing to do. You can ask any college or high school student who has taken Econom-ics 101. 
When we empower workers to fight 
for themselves and provide them a big paycheck, our country becomes fairer and our economy grows. People who are working should not be living below the poverty line. So $15 an hour, that is the minimum that we should be paying our workers. 
Certain parts of the country, $15 an 
hour just barely, barely helps them put food on the table. So we need to get to a living wage, and we need to talk about what that means in different parts of the country. 
So I want to thank you, again, Con-
gresswoman W
ATSON COLEMAN , for your 
leadership, for bringing us together. We have got to stay focused on this be-cause everyone deserves a path out of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.080 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2258 April 15, 2015 
poverty into the middle class. Every-
one in our country deserves to live the American Dream. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank 
the gentlewoman from California for sharing her insights with us and the very important points that have been made. 
As I stated a moment ago, our econ-
omy relies upon consumers buying products that they want, not just prod-ucts that they need. But $15 an hour is what we are trying to fight for, and even with that, that will barely provide the needs of these families. 
They can barely cover their rent or 
keep food on the table. They can’t buy new cars and support the American auto industry. They can’t afford new clothes, supporting American retailers, and they can’t buy computers or smart phones, supporting Silicon Valley. 
Six out of the ten largest corpora-
tions with median wages of less than $15 also rank among the most occupa-tions projected to add the most jobs in the coming years. And as the low-wage workforce grows, the declining pur-chasing power of Americans means that there is less demand for goods and services in the economy. 
b1815 
If we want to grow our economy, if 
we are focused on creating jobs, we need to support the people that do just that. 
I would like now to yield to my col-
league from the great State of Texas, who stands up for working-class fami-lies every single solitary day and has 
even introduced legislation to secure a living wage for the families in our country. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Thank you 
very much. And I especially appreciate your remembering that I was reared in Florida. That is important to me. I now dwell in Texas, of course. But not many people remember that, so thank you so much. I am honored to be on the floor with you this evening. 
I think this is a very timely topic 
that we are having an opportunity to give some opinions on, and I think that it is important for us to remember that America is not a poor country. Amer-ica is not a poor country, and I want to emphasize that because too often we come to conclusions about what we should do based upon our lack of re-sources. I think that is appropriate to come to conclusions based upon a lack of resources, but the truth is that we are still the richest country in the world. 
We are still the richest country in 
the world. As a matter of fact, in America, 1 in every 12 American house-holds—1 in every 12—have investable assets of $1 million or more; 1 in 12 have investable assets of $1 million or more. As a matter of fact, in the United States of America, in 2013, we were fortunate enough to have the av-erage CEO make $11.7 million. That is 331 times what the average worker made. The average worker made $35,293. So the average CEO did well. And by the way, I don’t begrudge the 
CEO who makes $11-plus million. I do not. I believe in capitalism. I believe that in this country you should suc-ceed on your merits or fail on your de-merits. And if a CEO can make $11-plus million, I think that is great. I do think that that CEO ought to pay a fair amount of taxes, just as the person who makes $35,000-plus pays a fair amount of taxes. But I think it is a wonderful thing, $35,000 versus $11.7 million. 
Now, a full-time worker, a full-time 
worker, the average CEO that year made 774 times what a full-time min-imum wage worker made—774 times. 
We are in the richest country in the 
world; 1 in 12 households has investable assets of $1 million or more. 
In 2007, an interesting thing oc-
curred. A man made $3 billion. I don’t begrudge him. I salute him for making $3 billion. I don’t envy him for making $3 billion. I commend him for making $3 billion. I would note, however, that he did not pay ordinary income tax on that $3 billion. I think that if you are going to make $3 billion, you ought to pay your fair share of taxes on it. 
Mr. Speaker, $3 billion, that is a lot 
of money, and it is very difficult to get your mind around it. So let me help you understand what $3 billion is. It would take a minimum wage worker working full time 198,000 years—198,000 years—to make $3 billion. I don’t be-grudge the person who made the $3 bil-lion. I salute him. That person made about $400 a second. 
This is the richest country in the 
world. People are making money in this country. Just because those of you who are at home, you don’t know these people, I want you to know they are there. They are there, and they are doing quite well, and they ought to be the first in line to talk about raising the minimum wage. 
It would take 198,000 years for a min-
imum wage worker to make $3 billion. A hedge fund manager made $400 a sec-ond. At $400 a second, it would take that hedge fund manager about 37.7 seconds to make what a minimum wage worker makes in a year—37.7 sec-onds. I don’t begrudge him. I commend him. I salute him. But I do think he should pay a fair amount of taxes on it. 
I think that paying a fair amount of 
taxes is the American way. Others pay their taxes, a fair amount. I think peo-ple who make billions of dollars ought to pay a fair amount of taxes as well. 
When Dr. King gave his speech, when 
they had the March on Washington back in August of 1963, they had a list of 10 demands. Number eight on that list of 10 demands was to have a wage that people could make a living on. At that time, it was thought that $2 an hour would be a sufficient amount of money. Today we would call that a liv-ing wage. It was $2 an hour in 1963. Well, today, that $2 an hour would be about $14.90. So there is a rationale for the $15-an-hour hue and cry that we hear. A lot of things have changed. A lot of 
things have also remained the same. Fifteen dollars an hour is not an unrea-sonable amount of money in the rich-est country in the world, in a country where we have people who can make $400 a second, hundreds of times what a minimum wage worker makes, more than 700 times what a minimum wage worker working full time makes in a year. 
This is the richest country in the 
world. However, in the richest country in the world, we still have people who work full time and live below the pov-erty line. 
For edification purposes, I believe 
every person ought to work his or her way out of poverty. I would like to see subsidies ended and people have wages that will allow them to work their way out of poverty. If I had my way, we would have people without subsidies who work hard, succeed on their mer-its, fail on their demerits, and elevate themselves out of poverty by simply working full time and not living below the poverty line. 
It is interesting to note that, in 2015, 
the poverty threshold for a family of four is $28,850—for a family of four. I pray for the people who have to live off of that amount of money with a family of four, but that is what it is. 
I believe that we should not only 
raise the minimum wage, but we should index it. I think that we should index it to poverty because right now a full-time worker with a child makes about $15,080 a year. That is below the poverty line of $15,930 a year—working full time, living below the poverty line in the richest country in the world where at least one person made $400 a second, where the average CEO made more than $11 million a year. It seems to me that we are talking about trying to bring a balance between the CEO’s salary and the workers’. 
At one time in this country there was 
a sense of moral responsibility that CEOs had for their workers. CEOs would literally sit and talk to the board of directors and talk about the needs of workers and how workers should be paid so that they could take care of families, so that they could educate children. There really was, at one time, this sense of moral responsi-bility to workers that CEOs had. 
I saw an example of that just today. 
A CEO decided that he was going to cut his salary so that his workers could have a better quality of life, with high-er earnings that would be paid to them. 
We have a responsibility to each 
other in this country. We who happen to be blessed are not blessed so that we can just enjoy it all ourselves; we are blessed so that we may be a blessing to others. That sense of moral responsi-bility to those who are less fortunate than we has to return. If we don’t get that sense of moral responsibility so that others can receive some of the blessings and some of the goodness of the richest country in the world, we do ourselves a disservice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.081 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2259 April 15, 2015 
Dr. King reminded us that life is an 
inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny. What impacts one directly impacts all indi-rectly. What happens to people who are living below the poverty line directly will indirectly impact all of us. 
How does it happen? Well, here is 
how it happens: 
When they live below the poverty 
line and they are being paid a salary and they don’t get health care, they are going to get health care in the rich-est country in the world. It is just that it is going to cost us a lot more. When they live below the poverty line and they are working full time, they are going to get subsidies. Taxpayers are going to take care of that. 
So there is an indirect impact on 
you, taxpayers, who are listening to me right now. You are paying for it. They are not getting it on the job. We are paying for it. We are subsidizing very wealthy people by paying a minimum wage on the job and then providing subsidies for people from the Federal Government such that they can have a decent living in the United States of America, the richest country in the world. 
What impacts others indirectly im-
pacts all directly. Health care, food subsidies, this is all coming out of the pockets of taxpayers. Why not have a wage that allows people to take care of themselves? 
In this country, we tend for some 
reason to equate our net worth to our self-worth. That is unfortunate. We shouldn’t do it, but a good many people do. A good many people do. And a good many people don’t feel so good when they work full time and live below the poverty line, taking care of a family, playing by the rules. 
Some would say, well, that living 
wage, that minimum wage is just a wage that you start out with. It is just a wage for young people. The statis-tical information does not bear that out. Unfortunately, too many people find themselves in minimum wage jobs for more than just a few months. 
If you think about it, a good many of 
you who are listening to this, you know people who have been in min-imum wage jobs for years and years and years. You know people who are doing their best to make ends meet at $7.25 an hour. 
This is the richest country in the 
world, and 1 in 12 American households have these assets that I have talked about, have these investable assets of $1 million or more. I think that in such a rich country we should be able to allow people who are willing to work— willing to work; not people who are asking for a handout, but people who want to work, they want to earn their way through life—we ought to be able to pay them a decent wage. 
What we have in Congress would 
raise it to $10.10 an hour, far below what I think it should be; because I am of the opinion that it should be $15 an hour based on what Dr. King said in 1963 with that list of 10 demands, num-
ber eight, which was to raise it to $2 an hour, which, by today’s standards, is right at $15 an hour. 
b1830 
I think it should be 15, but I don’t be-
lieve we will get 15 through the House, and I regret to say that. I support the bill that would raise it to $10.10 an hour. 
My bill, Mr. Speaker, the Original 
Living Wage Act, would raise it higher than $10.10 an hour and would index the minimum wage to poverty so that as the poverty rate goes up—at some pe-riod of time, I’m willing to negotiate what that period is—the minimum wage would go up, too; and we wouldn’t find ourselves on the floor trying to de-bate what the minimum wage ought to be, as we are doing currently. 
I know that not everybody thinks 
that there should be a minimum wage at all. There are some people who think that market forces should con-trol. Well, market forces have, in this circumstance, produced some very un-pleasant circumstances for people who are working and trying to make ends meet on jobs that pay what we will call entry-level wages if we don’t have a minimum wage. 
Mr. Speaker, I am of the opinion that 
we ought to raise the wage, and I think we ought to index it to poverty. The bill that seems to have more support, and I confess that it does, would index it to the CPI. I am not a hard person to get along with. I can live with indexing it to the CPI, but I do think that it should be indexed, and I do think that we should raise it. 
I say this to you, my dear friends, be-
cause Dr. King, who was so far ahead of his time—so far ahead of his time—was the preeminent fighter for those who live in the streets of life and those who are trying to eke out a living on little, who have learned how to take very lit-tle and do a lot with it, Dr. King was a fighter and a champion for these folk. 
I think that as we continue to cele-
brate the anniversary of his birthday— now, he is being recognized on the Mall, there is a statue on the Mall—I think we ought to go further and rec-ognize what he asked for in 1963, and that was a living wage. I think that it is time for us to honor the request of Dr. King which has not, to this date, been honored; and let us let everybody work his or her way out of poverty. 
I thank you so much for this great 
opportunity to speak, and I pray that you will continue to be strong and carry on. You have done a stellar job. What you are doing now, you don’t do for yourself. What you do now, you do for people you will never meet and greet, people that will never get to touch your hand, but they will be blessed by what you are doing to help them elevate themselves to a better standard of living. 
God bless you, my dear sister, and I 
pray that you will continue to be strong and continue to carry on. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Congress-
man, it has been an honor to share this moment with you in this Special Order hour. It has been a blessing to me. Texas is very, very lucky and very for-tunate to have you as a Representa-tive. Florida must be very proud be-cause you were born there. 
Thank you, and God bless you. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. God bless 
you, too. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
W
ESTERMAN ). The gentlewoman has 15 
minutes remaining. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I want to follow up on some-thing that my colleague had alluded to, and that is the impact of low wages and the government’s need to sub-sidize. I think that he sort of spoke to it in a generalized way, but I would like to just share with you what I think happens with an individual and a family that has a $15,000 income. 
Since it is not enough to keep food 
on the table, those Americans have to turn to food stamps. Since the jobs don’t come with health care, we have got to rely on Medicaid. Because $15,000 a year doesn’t pay for the rent in most cities, those Americans rely on low-in-come housing or subsidized housing through Section 8 vouchers, or they are homeless and living in shelters. 
These workers’ children are enrolled 
in children’s health insurance pro-grams, and these families are getting support through Temporary Assistance to Needy Families, the TANF program. 
Fifty-two percent of fast-food work-
ers rely on public assistance programs; 46 percent of childcare workers rely on public assistance; 48 percent of home care workers rely on public assistance; and, Mr. Speaker, 25 percent of part- time college faculty—highly educated adjunct professors—rely on public as-sistance. 
According to a Berkeley report, the 
Federal Government spent $127.8 bil-lion on working families in these pro-grams. California spent almost $3.7 bil-lion because of low-wage workers; New York, $3.3 billion; Texas, $2.1 billion; and Illinois and Florida both spent a little more than a billion. 
This isn’t funding for Americans that 
are uncharacteristically down on their luck or temporarily out of work or in some other moment of crisis. This money is spent on full-time, hard- working Americans who simply are working for corporations who maxi-mize the CEO’s benefits at the expense of the workers’ salaries. 
Mr. Speaker, if my Republican col-
leagues are so adamant about reducing government spending, shouldn’t we be worried about why these folks are try-ing to work full-time but still need food stamps to make ends meet? 
We have also spent a lot of time in 
this Congress debating tax breaks for the wealthy and for corporations. In fact, earlier this afternoon, we argued about whether or not the 5,000 or so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.083 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2260 April 15, 2015 
wealthiest families in this country, the 
only people who have enough money in their estates to qualify for the estate tax, should get a $2.5 million tax break. 
Every year, we let corporations de-
duct unlimited amounts of bonus pay for executives, regardless of whether or not the companies’ workers get pay raises or not, unlike that one special CEO who sees life differently and be-lieves that to whom much is given much is required. 
Corporations have written off $66 bil-
lion between 2007 and 2010 while letting the low-wage workers who make up the rank and file of their companies strug-gle. 
My colleague, C
HRIS VANHOLLEN , has 
a solution for this, requiring companies to raise wages for their workers if they want to keep qualifying for that tax break. It is a simple solution that wouldn’t mean companies suddenly have to raise pay for their workers; they just need to stop expecting the government to cover the exorbitant 
salaries of their executives if they can’t pay the rest of their employees a liveable wage. 
Mr. Speaker, my colleagues and I 
stand with the millions of workers fighting for 15. Lifting pay for low- wage workers will boost their pur-chasing power, pumping more money into our economy and giving businesses the revenue to create more jobs. 
Lifting pay for low-wage workers will 
reduce government spending. Lifting pay for low-wage workers will open the doors to the American Dream for the millions who have already dem-onstrated that they are ready and will-ing to work and to work hard for it. 
By standing together and fighting for 
the $15, these workers have already made their voices heard in the living rooms, the boardrooms, and the state-houses all across this country. It is time for D.C. to lend an ear as well. 
It is my privilege and my honor to 
stand with those who are simply seek-ing a fair wage for the work that they do. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
YUCCA MOUNTAIN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. D
OLD) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed 
an honor for me to be here today with several colleagues to talk about and highlight a very serious environmental risk to our communities. 
For the last 58 years, this Nation has 
embraced nuclear power as an inexpen-sive, clean, and nearly inexhaustible power source for our growing society; yet, in all that time, we have not yet addressed a key problem caused by nu-clear power, and that is how to safely dispose of spent nuclear fuel. 
We have gathered a good crew of 
folks here, Mr. Speaker, and it is an honor for me to yield to my good friend 
from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ap-
preciate the gentleman from Illinois’ indulgence in allowing me to speak on this important subject this evening. 
Mr. Speaker, located in my central 
Washington district is the Hanford site, which has played a pivotal role in our Nation’s security and defense for decades. As part of the Manhattan Project, the Hanford site produced plu-tonium for the bomb that eventually brought an end to World War II, and continued work at the site was critical during the cold war. 
However, this work also resulted in 
massive amounts of nuclear defense waste. Today, Hanford is the world’s largest and most complex nuclear cleanup site, with over 56 million gal-lons of radioactive and chemical waste in 177 temporary underground storage tanks. 
The Federal Government has a legal 
and a moral obligation to clean up this waste. The importance of Yucca Moun-tain cannot be overstated. Hanford is scheduled to send more nuclear defense waste to Yucca Mountain than any-where else in the Nation. 
The high-level defense waste at Han-
ford will be treated at the waste treat-ment plant, which is currently being constructed, to turn this waste into glass that can then be sent to Yucca. 
The waste treatment plant is over 70 
percent complete, and the glass pro-duced will meet the geological speci-fications of Yucca Mountain; yet the Obama administration has moved the goalpost by illegally shutting down Yucca, which will take us back to square one and harm the already chal-lenging Hanford cleanup. 
Mr. Speaker, the Federal Govern-
ment has spent decades and billions of taxpayer dollars studying the right place for the repository. The conclu-sion was Yucca Mountain, the subject of one of the most thorough and exten-sive reviews of a major government project ever conducted. 
It is the lawful repository for nuclear 
waste, and Congress has reaffirmed this fact many times over. There is no sci-entific reason why Yucca cannot and should not move forward. 
Earlier this month, I visited Yucca 
Mountain and was impressed by the substantial work that has already been completed. The development of the site has taken decades and has come at great taxpayer expense, costing Ameri-cans over $15 billion. 
Because DOE has failed to begin ac-
cepting used nuclear fuel, as required by contracts signed with the electric utilities that own the reactors, liabil-ity and settlement estimates now range from $13 billion to $50 billion—a blow to taxpayers and ratepayers—all due to the failure of the President to move forward with the legal reposi-tory. 
Simply put, Mr. Speaker, we do not 
have the time or the resources to just start over. Doing so would change Yucca from being the Nation’s most se-
cure national repository into a monu-ment of government waste and all in violation of the law. After getting a firsthand look at Yucca, I can see why it was selected as the best place for our Nation’s defense waste and commercial spent nuclear fuel. 
I am disappointed the administration 
has continued efforts to push ahead with its plan to circumvent Yucca, as well as the repeated affirmations by Congress that Yucca is the lawful re-pository. I look forward to working with my colleagues here in Congress— especially the members of the Nevada delegation—to ensure that the law is upheld and Yucca Mountain moves for-ward. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the 
gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. DOLD. I thank the gentleman 
from Washington. 
I just want to highlight, again, if I 
may, you mentioned a statistic just a moment ago that was talking about the fact that because the government hasn’t moved forward with Yucca Mountain, the fact that we are actu-ally paying to store this material all over the country to Exelon and other companies along those lines, it was anywhere between $15 and $50 billion. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Over the course of 
those contracts, that is correct. 
Mr. DOLD. That is astounding. I 
thank the gentleman from Washington for your leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to yield 
to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ). He is the dean of the Illinois 
delegation and someone whose leader-ship, when it comes to Yucca Moun-tain, has been extensive. 
He is certainly someone who under-
stands what we need to be doing in terms of making sure this material gets off the shores of the Great Lakes and from our neighborhoods all around the country and put into a safe loca-tion about 150 miles from any inhab-itant in Yucca Mountain. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my colleague for the time and just for having this national debate. The State of Illinois is a large State with a lot of nuclear power. 
We are very fortunate to have that, 
not only to have the power generated, but to have the jobs, high-paying jobs, to be located around our State and paying a lot of taxes to our local com-munities, our local schools, and the like. It would even be better if the Fed-eral Government would keep its prom-ise. 
Part of the movement to promote nu-
clear power was a promise by the Fed-eral Government. In fact, they enforced a fee on those States that have nuclear power to go into a fund, the nuclear waste fund, to fund long-term geologi-cal storage. 
b1845 
Now, you might say: Why a long- 
term geological storage? Why a cen-tralized location? Because the world 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.084 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2261 April 15, 2015 
community, the best scientists have 
determined that one repository, one lo-cation, is better than 104, not counting defense sites—one geological reposi-tory—in other words, someplace in the ground—is better than above ground— or in the case that you are particularly concerned about, next to Lake Michi-gan. 
That is not the only location that 
isn’t what you would think would be some sensitive areas, whether it is large lakes, large rivers, flood plains, and the like. The world community, the scientists, have all said: let’s get it all located in one place, and let’s put it in long-term geological storage loca-tion. 
The Federal Government passed a 
law in 1982 called the Nuclear Waste Policy Act. It had 10 locations. The top pick in that location was Yucca Moun-tain; then they narrowed the list down to three. The top pick of the three was Yucca Mountain. Then the 1987 amend-ments to the Nuclear Waste Policy Act said: that is where we are going to send it. 
Now, after that, 30 years, $15 billion, 
the greatest scientific minds in the world, this is the most studied piece of ground on the planet, has concluded, based upon a report by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission—an inde-pendent science commission of our gov-ernment—said that, once Yucca Moun-tain is closed, it will be safe for 1 mil-lion years. That is a long time. 
That is really what has turned this 
debate again back into this country be-cause it has always been a question of the science. Will the science prove it? We don’t know. We have to do the stud-ies; we have to do the research. 
Well, fortunately, we were able to fi-
nally get the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission to render the safety evaluation report which said, once closed, this site will be safe for 1 million years. 
Now, as you mentioned, Yucca Moun-
tain is 100 miles from Las Vegas. It is in the desert. It is a mountain in a desert. It is 1,000 feet below the crest of the mountain. It is 1,000 feet above the water table. 
The other story that is not told very 
well, until you go out and visit, is it is surrounded by the nuclear test site, the 
place where our government used to test nuclear weapons. There is an Air Force base there, so the adjoining land around Yucca Mountain is all Federal land. 
When people say, Well, you need to 
get local buy-in, local folks to decide, well, the Federal Government is the local folks in this case. 
I appreciate you highlighting not 
just Yucca Mountain, but the need for communities around this Nation to start having this debate again because the Federal Government has already invested. 
We have a site. It is time to move 
forward. It is time to get the spent nu-clear fuel, in your case, or the defense waste, like Congressman N
EWHOUSE , it 
is time to get that in a single reposi-tory. Mr. DOLD. Can the gentleman shed a 
little light? 
Many people might be watching this 
and not know who actually owns the nuclear fuel. Many people don’t realize that private entities can’t own this. This is actually all owned by the gov-ernment. Private entities can use it for power, but the actual nuclear fuel rods, the spent nuclear fuel rods, are owned by the government. 
Can you shed a little light on that? 
This is actually the government’s prob-lem here. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. It is the government’s 
fuel; it is the government’s waste. You highlighted this earlier. When we don’t have a long-term repository to take the spent nuclear fuel or the defense waste—mostly, the spent nuclear fuel— we have to pay the nuclear utilities to hold that spent fuel because we have an obligation by law to receive that. 
Even from a fiscal conservative posi-
tion, we should be moving forward. We should get a return on the investment of 30 years and $15 billion, especially since the NRC has said this location is safe; but then we should relieve our-selves from having to pay the addi-tional cost to utilities for holding the 
waste that we should be holding. 
I appreciate your leading this Special 
Order and, of course, again talking about the local issues that are very im-portant in your district, but they are important in districts all around this country. 
Someone has to lead the charge and 
make that statement for the Federal Government to start doing what it is legally obligated to do. I am just happy to join you, and I thank you. 
Mr. DOLD. Well, I certainly appre-
ciate your leadership, and it is great to have you speak on such an important topic. 
This is an environmental issue; it is 
a safety issue; it is an economic issue— and one that we have to step up and solve. 
I am pleased to yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ), my 
good friend, who understands these issues and understands them very well. 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Thank you, Con-
gressman D
OLD. 
Mr. Speaker, I wish to discuss an im-
portant matter that we have heard to-night and talk a little bit about it more, that impacts both my home State of Texas and, as we have heard already, the Nation. 
Nuclear power is a clean, efficient, 
and virtually inexhaustible fuel source. Many people rely on it. In fact, in Som-erville County, Texas, Comanche Peak is a nuclear power plant that generates enough power to supply about 1.15 mil-lion homes in normal conditions and 460,000 homes in periods of peak de-mand. 
Nuclear waste, however, must be iso-
lated for tens of thousands of years to safely degrade. Yucca Mountain—we have talked a lot about it tonight—is the official Federal nuclear waste re-pository and is the law of the land under the Nuclear Waste Policy Act. The Department of Energy has con-
cluded that the repository would have little to no adverse impact on future populations or the environment; yet President Obama and H
ARRY REIDef-
fectively have delayed the Yucca pro-gram in 2009 without proposing any kind of alternative energy or energy strategy. 
Now, like many other nuclear power 
plants across the United States, Co-manche Peak in my district has been paying dues for storing waste, which some think could be as much as $30 bil-lion which, of course, is simply passed on to its customers. That is what al-ways happens. 
Nuclear waste in our communities 
poses an environmental risk, a ter-rorism risk, and prevents communities from redeveloping the property. The fa-cility at Yucca Mountain represents our best option to dispose of spent nu-clear fuel in a safe, environmentally friendly, and secure way for centuries to come. 
Now, if we fail to act, we will con-
tinue to spend billions of dollars stor-ing nuclear waste in a way that ulti-mately leaves our communities vulner-able to environmental disaster or ter-rorism. 
We cannot punt this problem to fu-
ture generations. We have a habit of doing that. We need to find a solution, and we need to find that solution today. I believe we need the Federal Government to quit breaking promises to the American people. 
Mr. DOLD. I thank my good friend 
from Texas, and I certainly appreciate your leadership on this. 
Again, highlighting the fact that this 
is also an economic issue is this land, all of a sudden, can’t be redeveloped of-tentimes; and, frankly, the property taxes for a lot of these communities can’t be developed to its fullest extent. 
As jobs in the economy continue to 
be that constant drumbeat around the country and certainly in our commu-nities, you know better than many in terms of what we need to do to create jobs, and this is one of the things that I think the government is falling short on. 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Well, there is no 
question about it. It is about jobs, and it is about growth. We need Yucca Mountain to come online, so we can begin to develop these properties and also protect the safety of America and Americans. 
Mr. DOLD. I thank the gentleman for 
your leadership. 
As we continue to talk about this, 
again, it just highlights, Mr. Speaker, how many communities, how many sites we have around our country that are impacted by spent nuclear fuel, whether it could be defense or whether it be for civilian purposes. 
It is now my pleasure to yield to the 
gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ), my good friend. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. 
Thank you for yielding; and, Congress-man D
OLD, thank you for your leader-
ship on this issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.086 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2262 April 15, 2015 
I am very grateful. I represent the 
Savannah River Site in Aiken and Barnwell Counties of South Carolina. I had the privilege of working with Con-gressman J
IMCLYBURN , very bipar-
tisan. A portion of this site is located in Allendale County, South Carolina. We have worked together on the issues relative to the Savannah River Site, which should be noted is where the de-fense waste is currently being placed. 
It is a consequence of the cold war, 
but it also is a consequence of victory in the cold war. I know that the per-sons who worked in the Savannah River Site are very, very grateful for the opportunities that they have had to provide for the protection of the American people, and it has been suc-cessful. 
It is particularly meaningful to me 
because I am the only Member of Con-gress that actually worked at the Sa-vannah River Site, so I know firsthand that it is really very professional, and it is also very environmentally sound. 
We were talking about why are we 
here. For me, it is due to the environ-ment and jobs. The environment we know is in danger if we have different sites around the country that could be addressed. 
In the Department of Energy, I have 
another distinction. I was very grateful to be the deputy general counsel of the Department of Energy in 1981 and 1982. The defense waste bill came up through that time. 
It was determined that there should 
be a geologic formation to place the waste of our country, whether it be de-fense waste or whether it be commer-cial. It was determined—and I know that you will be going through this to explain—that, indeed, Yucca Mountain is ideal. 
None of us would ever want to put 
any community, any State at risk, but we know well that Yucca would not be of risk to the people of the West, but it would be very sound, and it would be very environmentally secure, and it would also, indeed, help create jobs. 
Our State has been so fortunate to 
have the Savannah River Site, but we also have another distinction. We are one of the most nuclear-intensive States in the country. Nearly 60 per-cent of all the power that is produced in the State of South Carolina for al-most 30 years has been nuclear. 
We know what the consequence of 
this is, and that is that we have reli-able energy, we have green, clean en-ergy, and we have a level of inexpen-sive energy, which has a consequence of promoting jobs. 
The jobs that have been created are 
quite self-evident in our State. We have a circumstance with the providing of low-cost energy. South Carolina now—particularly with the develop-ment of the BMW facility at Greer, South Carolina, of all things—is the leading exporter of cars in the United States, creating jobs in our State, our region, but then providing for extraor-dinary export around the world. Additionally, South Carolina is the 
leading manufacturer of tires. Right next to the Savannah River Site is the Bridgestone facility, and this is a Japa-nese investment, over $1 billion. 
Then right down I–20, not far in the 
district I represent, is the Michelin fa-cility. There are two plants adjacent to each other. I was there recently with Ambassador Gerard Araud of France because we appreciate the French in-vestment. 
In fact, the Michelin facility is the 
largest Michelin facility in the world, nearly 2 million square feet with near-ly 2,000 employees. Again, this is be-cause of the success that we have with nuclear power. 
Then further down I–20, we are very 
grateful of a German investment. Con-tinental Tires has just announced that they just completed a half-billion-dol-lar facility in South Carolina. Then we also welcome from Singapore the Giti Tire company, which has announced a quarter-of-a-billion-dollar facility to be located in the upper part of South Carolina. 
Over and over again, it is because we 
have safe, secure, clean energy. In fact, I want to commend the Obama admin-istration. They actually have provided for the licensing of three new nuclear reactors in our country. 
Two are located at the V.C. Summer 
facility at Jenkinsville, South Caro-lina, which is, again, adjacent to the district I represent in Fairfield County; and then directly across the Savannah River from the district that I represent is the Vogtle plant at Waynesboro, Georgia. 
We are very supportive of these. All 
of them will be so helpful to achieve the environmentally very important determination of a geologic formation. 
Then there is an economic side. Just 
as the people of Illinois, the people of South Carolina, and also the people of Pennsylvania have, through their rates, paid over $1 billion into the fund to build Yucca, so our people are in-vested. 
We have done it in good faith, and we 
need to follow the law. The law is that, indeed, this be the geologic formation, which is safe for the American people and creating the opportunity for jobs. 
b1900 
A final point. South Carolina has 
taken this so seriously. I want to com-mend our Governor, Nikki Haley. I also want to commend our Attorney Gen-eral, Alan Wilson. They have actually filed a suit—and it was inspired largely by U.S. Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM and 
U.S. Senator T IMSCOTT—to enforce the 
law. The law needs to be enforced. It would be beneficial to the people of our State, and it would be beneficial to our region of South Carolina and Georgia, but it would also be beneficial to the American people. 
I want to thank you for your leader-
ship on this issue so the American peo-ple understand how environmentally sound this is, how positive it is, the en-ergy that is being produced because of 
this, and then the potential for jobs, not just in our region but across the United States. 
Mr. DOLD. I thank the gentleman 
from South Carolina for his insight. Certainly, he knows, in living close to and representing an area that is very close to the water there on the Savan-nah River, that it is very close to what my particular issue is with spent nu-clear fuel being just a few hundred feet away from the greatest fresh surface water we have in the world. Ninety-five percent of the world’s fresh surface water is in the Great Lakes. Storing that nuclear fuel so close, I think, is not only an environmental risk and a terrorist risk, but it is jeopardizing where 30 million Americans actually get their drinking water. It is really just a jewel of a natural resource and one that we need to protect, so I cer-tainly appreciate your leadership. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. 
Thank you for your leadership. 
Mr. DOLD. Thank you, sir. Mr. Speaker, we have heard today 
from different people from around our country about the need for us to move forward with Yucca Mountain. Again, just highlighting some of the points: Yucca Mountain is 100 miles away from the Colorado River, further away from any inhabitants, sitting 1,000 feet above the water table, 1,000 feet below ground. 
Mr. Speaker, I came today wanting 
to share with you a story about my dis-trict and, more specifically, about a portion of my district in Zion, Illinois. 
Zion has 25,000 residents and sits on 
the shores of Lake Michigan. Yet, due to the obstruction of the administra-tion, tons of spent nuclear fuel remain stored at Zion. It is stored on the shores of the Great Lakes, literally just a few hundred feet away from the shore where 30 million Americans re-ceive their fresh drinking water. 
We need to make sure we do every-
thing we can to protect what, I believe, is the jewel of our ecosystem in the Great Lakes, but so long as the fuel re-mains there, the city of Zion cannot use this site to bring in new businesses or new jobs on that site, and it con-tinues to suffer from lost revenue from lost property taxes. The uranium that has been used in the nuclear reactors stays radioactive for tens of thousands of years. It stays radioactive after it has been removed from the reactor, and it must be isolated from the environ-ment in order to allow it to safely de-grade. 
Unfortunately, the Federal Govern-
ment has not done its part to take charge. As we talked about earlier, Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government is the one that actually owns the fuel, so it is sitting now in our communities as opposed to going to a site we have spent nearly $15 billion researching and putting money into—Yucca Mountain. 
For the past three decades, the policy 
of the Federal Government has been to push forward with a long-term, deep 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.087 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2263 April 15, 2015 
geologic repository at Yucca Mountain 
in Nevada. Thirteen years ago, the De-partment of Energy determined that Yucca Mountain was the best and safest location in which to store Amer-ica’s nuclear waste. Indeed, it is the law of the land, as we have heard to-night, and we have spent billions of dollars to study the site and get it ready to be able to store our spent nu-clear fuel. 
Mr. Speaker, despite the billions of 
dollars spent, nothing has been done on Yucca Mountain since this administra-tion has taken office. The administra-tion cut off funding for Yucca Moun-tain and ensured that nothing would be done to get this site ready—this de-spite the three decades spent studying the site and the over $15 billion spent. If we do not proceed, that money will be completely wasted. Further, the ad-ministration has failed to bring for-ward any kind of alternative, meaning that spent nuclear waste continues to sit in our communities where, I would argue, it should not be. 
America’s nuclear power plants have 
produced over 71,000 metric tons of spent nuclear fuel over the past six decades, and while it has created jobs and clean energy, we do have an obliga-tion to make sure that it is stored, and stored safely. We need to make sure that it is stored in a long-term facility. But, instead, spent nuclear fuel re-mains at plants at at least 75 nation-wide sites, including at Zion. 
There is a solution to this problem 
which affects not only Zion but the en-tire country. We can fund the Yucca Mountain project and ensure that we will solve the problem once and for all. If we don’t, the only alternative right now is to leave the waste where it is, stored in places like Zion, leaving both Zion and the drinking water for 30 mil-lion Americans vulnerable to an envi-ronmental disaster or to a terrorist event, leaving the residents of Zion with a large plot of land in the heart of their community that, frankly, we can’t use. 
The only responsible course of action 
is to tackle this problem today. We have seen the statistics out there, and as we look at what the facts are, the Department of Energy has determined that the deep geological disposal is the safest method to store spent nuclear fuel. 
If we just look at the difference here, 
in Zion, Illinois, on the shores of Lake Michigan, there are 65 casks containing 1,135 metric tons of nuclear waste— waste stored above the ground, about 5 feet above the water table and just a few hundred feet away from the shores of Lake Michigan. 
Yet Yucca Mountain, on the other 
hand—a place where we have spent $15 billion, where our experts have said is the safest place for us—is where we ac-tually tested a nuclear weapon. It is near an Air Force base. So, when peo-ple talk about the neighbors, as Con-gressman S
HIMKUS talked about ear-
lier, the neighbor is the Federal Gov-ernment. The Federal Government 
owns the spent nuclear fuel. The Fed-eral Government owns the land around it. The Federal Government owns the site at Yucca Mountain—Yucca Moun-tain, again, 100 miles away from the Colorado River. 
The storage that we are talking 
about would be 1,000 feet above the water table, because it is important that we protect our water, and 1,000 feet below ground. This is the ideal spot. Yet we have come not on science; this hasn’t been objected to by the sci-entific research. This has been objected to for political reasons. Frankly, I have to tell you, Mr. Speaker, the politics has to end because what it is doing is jeopardizing communities across our Nation. We should be transporting this spent nuclear fuel to the safest loca-tion possible to make sure that we are not putting our citizens at risk, that we are not damaging or potentially damaging the environment. 
The Department of Energy has con-
cluded that the repository would have little or no adverse impact on future populations or the environment. These are key. So we are going to take a look at what the Department of Energy has to say and at the studies that have been done. Literally, Yucca Mountain is probably the most studied piece of real estate that we have in our Nation today. All of the studies that have come back say this is the spot at which we should be storing this spent nuclear fuel. Instead, it is staying all across the country at the cost to the tax-payers. 
The Federal Government owns the 
nuclear fuel, and when it refused, ac-cording to the law, to take that nu-clear fuel back and deal with it, we had our companies out there that basically said, Well, what are we supposed to do with it? So they sued on breach of con-tract, literally costing the taxpayers billions of dollars. We heard my col-league from Washington say that it could be as much as $50 billion that the hard-working taxpayers are going to pay to keep the spent nuclear fuel where we don’t want it to stay. 
The government has an obligation, 
Mr. Speaker, to step up and do the right thing. I, for one, am delighted to be able to be here today to tell you about the story of Zion, Illinois, but we recognize that this is a situation that is impacting over 104 different sites. We cannot afford to wait any longer. 
There are some on the other side of 
the building, Mr. Speaker, who are spe-cifically holding this process up. We need to move forward. We need to make sure Yucca Mountain is ap-proved, open, and, again, able to store this for up to a million years. It is the right thing to do, and I urge my col-leagues, Republicans and Democrats— we have got those in the Illinois dele-gation to my south who rely on Lake Michigan. This is something that we should all be united behind. 
I am honored to be able to come up 
and talk about this, but I am also sad-dened that it has taken so long and 
that, if we do nothing, it will be poten-tially decades longer. This is unaccept-able. The citizens of our country de-mand that the United States Govern-ment abide by the law and by its obli-gations to store the spent fuel at Yucca Mountain. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
D.C. EMANCIPATION DAY: 
INJUSTICE AND PROGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) for 30 minutes. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, in ad-
vance of D.C. Emancipation Day, and I know that it is not a national holiday, but it is, yes, a holiday in the District of Columbia. It commemorates the day when the slaves in the District of Co-lumbia were liberated by the Congress and Abraham Lincoln 9 months before the national Emancipation Proclama-tion. 
Astonishingly, 150 years later, full 
freedom and equal citizenship have not yet come to the residents of the Dis-trict of Columbia. 
You don’t have to be the Holmes fam-
ily in the District of Columbia, who have lived three generations here pay-ing taxes without representation. In-deed, my great grandfather, Richard Holmes, was a runaway slave from Vir-ginia. When Lincoln and Congress freed the slaves 150 years ago, Richard Holmes was not freed, because he was a runaway slave rather than a slave whose master lived in the District of Columbia. So he had to wait the 9 months for the Emancipation Procla-mation, but he was working on the streets of Washington like a free man as they were building Washington. He became free, but his great grand-daughter—grateful for all that my fam-ily has done—cannot say that we are free today. 
The greater shock will not come from 
those of us who are longtime residents. It will come from those who moved to D.C. yesterday, from those who are not three generations here but who are one day here, when they find that their rights are gone, that the rights they had in every State of the Union have vanished except for a few. 
They can vote for President, but they 
can’t vote for whoever represents them on this House floor. They have Con-gress interfering with their local busi-ness. This will astonish the average American, and most Americans have no idea this is the case for the 650,000 residents who live in their Nation’s Capital. People have taken for granted that the vote that is emblematic of statehood would follow them—I don’t know—from Utah and California, from 
Alaska and Maine to the District of Co-lumbia when they moved here. They had no idea that their local budget, for example, which is a budget raised ex-clusively in the District of Columbia, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.088 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2264 April 15, 2015 
would have the big foot of the Federal 
Government kicking it around—indeed, that it would even be in the Congress. 
Emancipation Day in the District of 
Columbia is not a mere commemora-tion. It is not like George Washington’s birthday. It is alive with a fervor against this rank injustice that I have begun to speak about this evening. I am going to speak about the injustice, but I am also going to talk about progress because we have been encour-aged—we who live in the District of Co-lumbia—and the many allies we have to fight as we begin to make some sub-stantial headway. 
b1915 
Most Americans—indeed, all other 
Americans—obtain their full rights by going through a citizenship ceremony or by simply being born here. All you have to do to have your full citizenship rights, when all is said and done, is to pay taxes. You don’t even have to have participated in all of the Nation’s wars or any of the Nation’s wars the way the residents of the District of Columbia have done ever since the first war, the war that created the United States of America. You don’t have to have paid all the taxes ever since you have been in the Union of states the way the Dis-trict of Columbia residents have. 
The reason you don’t is that the 
statehood simply comes with where you live, and that is what has not hap-pened to us. Where do we live? We are proud to live in the Nation’s Capital. There, you would expect rights to flourish first and foremost. 
When I spoke of not having the vote, 
do understand I have the vote in com-mittee, and I am very grateful for that vote because it does allow me to carry home some important benefits to the District of Columbia, but what I don’t have is the right to come to this floor and have the same vote that each of my colleagues has on business that af-fects the District of Columbia and the Nation. 
Even matters that affect the District 
of Columbia, our own budget comes to Congress; and every other Member, who had nothing to do with raising the funds, gets to vote on that budget, but not the Member elected by the people of the District of Columbia. How pain-ful it is that I have been able to speak on a number of wars that our country has entered, most recently Afghanistan and Iraq, have gone to Arlington to bury those killed, residents killed in those wars who went to war, secured the vote for residents of Afghanistan and Iraq but came home to find no vote or, in the case of those who died, did not come home at all. 
And yet I am in a Republican House 
where ‘‘federalism’’ is the byword. In-deed, I understand why, because noth-ing was more important to the Found-ers than their own local laws and keep-ing the Federal Government, which was then kept deliberately weak, out of their affairs. What mattered to them was what was most local. So the very notion of interfering with the local 
business of a jurisdiction of any kind was unthinkable for our Framers. 
It is the very meaning of statehood, 
this localism, this thing that says that there is territory and there are laws, there are habits for you only. They will differ vastly across the country, but that is your prerogative; that is the prerogative of statehood. That is why the residents of the District of Colum-bia seek to become the 51st State, and know it will happen. Perhaps later than sooner, but it must happen be-cause of the principles I have begun to describe. 
It must happen because we have been 
called out and continue to be called out internationally, because we have signed treaties where we are now in violation. We are in violation of a trea-ty we signed in 1977, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. The Human Rights Committee, the U.N. Human Rights Committee, has called us out once again as it did in 2006, and they recited the reason for it. 
The Human Rights Committee, look-
ing at what has been done or, as it turns out, not been done said, and I am quoting them, the United Nations dele-gation to the U.N. ‘‘remains concerned that residents of the District of Colum-bia do not enjoy full representation in Congress, a restriction that does not seem to be compatible with article 25 of the covenant.’’ 
Then they cited article 2, and I won’t 
quote from it entirely, but it says that the treaty we signed requires that we ‘‘adopt such laws or other measures as may be necessary to give effect to the rights recognized in the present cov-enant.’’ 
What are those rights? In this cov-
enant, in this treaty that we the United States has signed, says all per-sons are ‘‘equal under the law and are entitled, without discrimination, through the equal protection of the law. In this respect, the law shall pro-hibit any discrimination and guarantee all persons equal and effective protec-tion against discrimination on any ground,’’ and then they name the grounds. Here are the grounds: ‘‘such as race, color, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth—and here is the one that applies to the District of Columbia and its residents—‘‘or other status.’’ What is our other sta-tus? That we reside in our own Nation’s Capital—and for that reason, and that reason alone, are denied equal rights with other citizens of the United States of America. 
Worse than being denied your rights 
is getting a right and then having it taken from you. Even that has hap-pened to the residents of the District of Columbia. Shortly after I was elected to Congress, I wrote a memo indicating that since, as a Delegate, by rules of the House, I could vote in the Com-mittee of the Whole, it followed that I should be able to vote in the Com-mittee of the Whole when it meets on this floor. The Democrats were in con-
trol, but even they said: We must send this to outside counsel. Nobody from the District of Columbia has ever voted on this floor. 
They sent it to outside counsel. They 
said that the District of Columbia votes by rule in committee, so by rule, yes, if the majority pass a rule, the District can vote on the floor of the House of Representatives. That rule was passed. Every time that the Demo-crats are in power, I get to vote on the House floor—by no means on all busi-ness, but certainly on business in the Committee of the Whole, and some of that really affects and is important to the District of Columbia. It is not the whole and complete vote. It is not what we are entitled to. 
Why would anyone want to take it 
from us when we pay taxes without representation? But sure enough, when 
my good friends on the other side of the aisle write their rules, they write the District right out of the rules and take from us a vote that we have actu-ally exercised on the House floor with the concurrence of the Federal courts of the United States. Right after we were granted that right and after I began to exercise it, my Republican colleagues actually sued the Congress for giving the District the vote in the Committee of the Whole. The District Court said: It is your discretion. What 
Congress has done is legal; the matter is legal and constitutional. And the Congress—the Republicans, not the Congress, took their suit against the Congress, the Democratic Congress to the Court of Appeals. The Court of Ap-peals, the Federal Court of Appeals said: Yes, what Congress has done is legal, in its discretion and constitu-tional. And I proceeded to vote. 
I think it is probably unheard of ex-
cept in coups or dictatorships to snatch a vote or a right that someone once held, but that is what happened to the residents of the District of Columbia. No wonder there is rage in the city about such treatment. 
Now, you might say: Well, there sure-
ly must be some reason why the resi-dents of the District of Columbia don’t have the vote. No one has found any such a reason yet. They have only found reasons why we should have the vote. 
Some will say: Oh, you are much too 
small to have the vote. After all, you are only a city. Well, a city is whatever you call it, so is a State. But if the size determines that you have the vote, then Vermont and Wyoming should not have the vote because we have more population than either of those two States. 
Vermont and Wyoming are not alone. 
Those are the states where we have no-tably more residents than they have. We have more than 650,000 residents. But there are more than half a dozen States that are in the same range of population as the District of Columbia and have a Representative—no more than one, just like the District of Co-lumbia has one in this House—and two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.090 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2265 April 15, 2015 
Senators. The District of Columbia has 
no Senators. 
Who would say that that is fair? And yet if you look down to the 
states with comparable population, the first tier that are almost exactly like the District of Columbia: North Da-kota, Alaska, Vermont, of course, and Wyoming. And then there is another tier that are above us but very close in population: Delaware and South Da-kota. I want them to keep their vote, and I want them to keep their two Sen-ators. All we are asking is that District of Columbia residents be treated equal-ly. 
I have been speaking all week in 
preparation for Emancipation Day to-morrow, April 16. I began with two im-portant, what I call debt-paid, paid-in- full obligations of citizenship. The first is participation in the armed services— although we know nobody is required to participate in the armed services today—and the second is payment of taxes. Pretty much today, April 15, if you have earned enough money, even a relatively small amount, you are going to have to pay some taxes. 
It is hard to say which of those is 
most important. They all, of course, surround citizenship. Both support our government: those who go to the serv-ice, those who pay their taxes. I won’t say what is most important, but I started with military service for a rea-son: anyone who enters the service, es-pecially today, does so voluntarily, knowing she is taking personal risk of her life. 
Service in the armed services is so 
important to our country that undocu-mented immigrants have been granted citizenship by serving in the Armed Forces, and that has now been formal-ized. Young people who grew up in the United States but came with their par-ents as undocumented children without any legal status have always joined the armed services. In recognition of that, our country has now said that, at least for those who have special language or medical skills, if they join the armed services, after 6 months they can apply for citizenship. 
Just consider the premium that we 
are placing on service in the Armed Forces, a premium that is more than deserved, and yet there is no cog-nizance taken of the fact that our resi-dents who lived in the District of Co-lumbia since its formation in 1801 have fought and died in the armed services; and even before that they fought in the Revolutionary War that led to the for-mal formation of the United States and the District of Columbia. So by any measure, District of Columbia resi-dents have gone beyond the call of duty in serving their country and earned the right—earned, earned painfully, with their lives—the full right to be treated as full and equal citizens of a State. 
b1930 
This chart shows how the right to be 
the 51st State has been tragically earned. In World War I, there were more casualties from D.C., this small 
territory than three States; in World War II, there were more casualties from the District of Columbia than from four States—and it only rises. 
In the Korean war, there were more 
casualties than from eight States of the union, almost all of which were larger in size and had more population. The Vietnam war, where we have the very most casualties—more men and women were killed than from 10 States in the Union. 
There is a very special part of our 
service in the Armed Forces. The Dis-trict of Columbia was not a majority African American city until almost 1960. Today, it really is not a majority African American city. I grew up in a city that was largely White. 
During that period, for most of its 
history, the District of Columbia was a segregated city, segregated by the Con-gress of the United States. I went to segregated schools, for example; yet look at how residents of the District of Columbia who had no vote of any kind at that time, had no home rule govern-ment. The city was run by three com-missioners—no mayor, no city council, nobody to go to who was responsible to you—yet look what its residents did. 
The first African American Army 
general was born and raised in the Dis-trict of Columbia. The first African American Air Force general was also born in the District of Columbia. 
The first African American Naval 
Academy graduate was born right here in the District of Columbia. The first African American Air Force Academy graduate was born in this city. The ros-ter continues into recent years, where we had the first Deputy Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard and the first African American female aviator in the D.C. National Guard. 
Don’t tell me District residents 
haven’t paid their dues and then some; yet I have sometimes had some dif-ficulty getting our armed services per-sonnel duly recognized. 
Perhaps the most poignant was a 
mother who wrote me—and I thank this Congress for helping me to correct this injustice. It may seem small to you, but it didn’t seem small to my constituents. They are the parents of Jonathan Matthew Rucker, a D.C. na-tive high school graduate who then proudly joined the Navy, instead of going to college. 
He graduated from Naval Station 
Great Lakes. His parents went to see him graduate. Tomi Rucker, his moth-er, is an investigator with the D.C. Fire and EMS Department. His father, Mi-chael Linwood Boyd, is a sergeant in the Special Operations Division of the D.C. police department. 
They enjoyed attending their son’s 
graduation from naval boot camp. The Navy called out the names. As the name of each young person was called, the Navy raised the state flag. The name of Jonathan Matthew Rucker was called, and no flag was raised. Why? What in the world? What could they have been thinking, that we 
weren’t a State, so the flag shouldn’t be raised? 
Well, this Congress, controlled by my 
good Republican friends, was also amazed. I very much appreciate that they passed my bill that was attached to the Defense authorization bill that the Armed Forces now must display the D.C. flag—and we learned only with the visibility of this incident that there were D.C. veterans who had come home from wars and, every flag was raised, except the D.C. flag. 
I must tell you, I think it was be-
cause D.C. is not a State, for God’s sake. At some point, you just have to draw the line. Just make us a State, and maybe those kinds of things won’t happen. 
Take our World War I memorial. 
Every State had a World War I memo-rial—paid for by people in that State— so was ours, 100 percent. Indeed, they collected money even from school-children. 
There has actually been an attempt 
to take our D.C. War Memorial—be-cause it happens to be located on the Mall—and convert it into a national World War I memorial because there is no World War I memorial on the Mall. 
Well, sorry about that, but we paid— 
not only in treasure, but in the lives of almost 500 D.C. residents. I thank my Republican colleagues for working with me to maintain the D.C. War Memo-rial. The D.C. World War I memorial had become, really, a war memorial for all D.C. veterans. 
What I did was to work closely with 
my colleagues so that we would get a real World War I memorial that could be respected. That means there is going to be a wholesale redevelopment of the Pershing Park, which many always considered a World War I memorial. 
It is not located on the Mall, but it is 
located right in a prime location on Pennsylvania Avenue, near the White House, and we were able to come to a compromise, the kind of compromise that makes the world go round and makes this House look good. 
Today, of course, was tax day, and 
my Republican colleagues came for-ward with any number of bills. Some were worthy bills, bipartisan bills. Some were nonsense. Some were just straight out demagoguery. My col-leagues are very concerned with tax cuts, even bills this week. 
Many will be surprised about the Dis-
trict of Columbia and taxes. This is one of the great unknown factoids of the United States. Residents of the Dis-trict of Columbia, per capita, per resi-dent, pay the highest taxes in the United States, Federal taxes, more than any Americans. 
If you are in Mississippi, you pay the 
lowest per capita, at just about $4,000, compared to our $12,000. If you go to my Web site, you will find out where your State stands. 
I will go down the top 10: the District 
of Columbia, Connecticut, New Jersey, Massachusetts—this is in rank order, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.092 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2266 April 15, 2015 
by the way—Maryland, New York, Ne-
vada, Wyoming, New Hampshire, and California. 
The largest States—let’s take Cali-
fornia and New York—they each pay in the $8,000 range. D.C. is $12,000 per cap-ita. This is all per resident. 
You say: well, look at the small 
States; they must be like you. 
No, they are not. Small States, like 
Rhode Island—we are $12,000, and they are at $7,000. We are at $12,000 per resi-dent, and in Vermont, they are $6,000. North Dakota is at $6,000. Montana is at $5,000. 
Those are the States with small pop-
ulations, so population can’t be the cause. The cause is that the District has middle-income people, rich people, and, yes, because it is a big city, poor people, and when you add it all up, Uncle Sam gets more than his due without D.C. getting statehood and the rights that come with it. 
Only statehood can end this 
bucketload of injustice. Only statehood can end no vote for the Member from the District on this floor, no matter what the bill, even if the bill is about the District of Columbia. Only state-hood can end the outrage of bringing the District’s local budget for Members to vote on who have nothing to do with it and have contributed not one penny to it. 
Only statehood can keep this Con-
gress from interfering with the local laws of our local jurisdiction, using their own preferences to overturn the democratic will of the legislature of the District of Columbia. 
But, it is not all terrible. We have 
made progress. This is a country that makes progress slowly, so we are not about to give up. We are trying to get the elements of statehood even as we try to get what we are entitled to. 
Budget autonomy—so that our budg-
et won’t have to come here—was not only in the President’s budget, but my bill for budget autonomy was in the Senate appropriations bill last Con-gress. They put it in their budget. That, I am afraid, did not pass because we cannot get yet the kind of con-sensus we need from the House. 
The residents of the District of Co-
lumbia want to have sole dominion over their own money. That is $7 bil-lion that we raise ourselves in the Dis-trict of Columbia, so residents put it to referendum. 
The city was sued after that ref-
erendum which passed by almost 85 percent of the vote. Now, that is in court to see where it goes. But resi-dents are not going to give up. If they can’t get statehood, they are trying to get any part of it that they can. 
Other elements of statehood have 
also been introduced in the House and the Senate so that our local laws don’t have to come here, for example. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time I 
have had on the floor for Emancipation Day. I want to leave you looking for-ward, not backward. We are overjoyed by making some progress. We know that, ultimately, the denial 
of rights will be seen as un-American, especially when that denial concerns the residents of our own Nation’s Cap-ital. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 7 o’clock and 42 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, April 16, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1117. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim rule — Marketing Order Reg-ulating the Handling of Spearmint Oil Pro-duced in the Far West; Revision of the Sal-able Quantity and Allotment Percentage for Class 3 (Native) Spearmint Oil for the 2014- 2015 Marketing Year [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-13- 0087; FV14-985-1C IR] received April 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
1118. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Marketing Order Regu-lating the Handling of Spearmint Oil Pro-duced in the Far West; Revision of the Sal-able Quantity and Allotment Percentage for Class 1 (Scotch) Spearmint Oil for the 2014- 2015 Marketing Year [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-13- 0087; FV14-985-1A FIR] received April 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
1119. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim rule — Fruit, Vegetable, and Specialty Crops —— Import Regulations; Changes to Reporting Requirements To Add Electronic Form Filing Option [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-14-0093; FV15-944/980/999-1 IR] re-ceived April 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
1120. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2014 Performance Report to the President and Congress for the Biosimilar User Fee Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1121. A letter from the Executive Director, 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Annual Update of Filing Fees [Docket No.: RM15-6-000] received April 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1122. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Congressional Affairs, Research, U.S. Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — ‘‘Applications of Bioassay for Radioiodine’’ Regulatory Guide 8.20, Revision 2, received April 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1123. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, 
transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revisions to the Export Administration Reg-ulations Based on the 2014 Missile Tech-nology Control Regime Plenary Agreements [Docket No.: 141204999-5186-01] (RIN: 0694- AG41) received April 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
1124. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the annual report pursuant to Sec. 2(8) of the Senate’s Resolution of Advice and Consent to the Treaty with Australia Concerning Defense Trade Cooperation (Treaty Doc. 110-10); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1125. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a letter regarding commit-ments in the Joint Plan of Action, pursuant to Secs. 1245(d)(1) and 1245(d)(5) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2012, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1126. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report on the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) programs or projects in countries described in Sec. 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2227(a)); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1127. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification pursuant to the reporting requirements of Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-010); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1128. A letter from the Assistant Director 
for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign As-sets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Syrian Sanctions Regulations received April 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1129. A letter from the General Manager 
and Director of Equal Employment Oppor-tunity, Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, transmitting the Board’s FY 2014 an-nual report, pursuant to Sec. 203 of the Noti-fication and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1130. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1131. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1132. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1133. A letter from the Chief Human Cap-
ital Officer, Department of Energy, trans-mitting a report pursuant to the Federal Va-cancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1134. A letter from the Senior Counsel for 
Regulatory Affairs, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Department of the Treasury Ac-quisition Regulation; Technical Amend-ments received April 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP7.094 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2267 April 15, 2015 
1135. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s FY 2014 annual report, pursuant to Sec. 203 of the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1136. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting a report pursuant to the Federal Va-cancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1137. A letter from the General Counsel and 
Senior Policy Advisor, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of The Presi-dent, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, 5 U.S.C. 3349, regarding a vacancy in a Senate- confirmed position in the Office of Manage-ment and Budget; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
1138. A letter from the Director, Peace 
Corps, transmitting the Corps’ FY 2014 re-port, pursuant to Title II of the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1139. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Equal Employment Opportunity, U.S. Merit Systems Protection Board, transmitting the Board’s No FEAR Act Data Tables for FY 2015; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1140. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish Managed Under the Individual Fishing Quota Program [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02 and 140918791- 4999-02] (RIN: 0648-XD818) received April 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1141. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Pacific Halibut Fish-eries; Catch Sharing Plan [Docket No.: 141126999-5235-01] (RIN: 0648-BE69) received April 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1142. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — International Fish-eries; Western and Central Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; Fishing Re-strictions Regarding the Oceanic Whitetip Shark, the Whale Shark, and the Silky Shark [Docket No.: 130703588-5112-02] (RIN: 0648-BD44) received April 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1143. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Black Sea Bass Fishery; Framework Adjustment 8 [Docket No.: 141103917-5223-02] (RIN: 0648-BE60) received April 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1144. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final 
rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Highly Migratory Fisheries; California Swordfish Drift Gillnet Fishery; Vessel Mon-itoring System and Pre-Trip Notification Requirements [Docket No.: 140528460-5122-02] (RIN: 0648-BE25) received April 13, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
1145. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pol-lock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648- XD846) received April 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
1146. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper- Grouper Resources of the South Atlantic; 2015-2016 Recreational Fishing Season for Black Sea Bass [Docket No.: 130403320-4891- 02] (RIN: 0648-XD828) received April 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
1147. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries of the North-eastern United States; Atlantic Mackerel, Squid, and Butterfish Fisheries; Specifica-tions and Management Measures [Docket No.: 140902739-5224-02] (RIN: 0648-BE49) re-ceived April 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1148. A letter from the Secretary, Judicial 
Conference of the United States, transmit-ting for consideration the proposed ‘‘Crimi-nal Judicial Procedure, Administration, and Technical Amendments Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1149. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting a report titled ‘‘Department of Justice Activities Under the Civil Rights of Institutionalized Persons Act FY 2014’’ pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1997f; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1150. A letter from the Senior Attorney-Ad-
visor, Office of Regulation and Enforcement, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Use of Electronic Chain of Custody and Control Form in DOT-Regu-lated Drug Testing Programs [Docket No.: OST-2015-0045] (RIN: 2105-AE35) received April 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1151. A letter from the Vice President, Gov-
ernment Affairs and Corporate Communica-tions, National Railroad Passenger Corpora-tion, transmitting other materials, as re-quired by 49 U.S.C. 24315(a)(2); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1152. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Cooper River Bridge Run, Cooper River, and Town Creek Reaches, Charleston, SC [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0040] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received April 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1153. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the ‘‘2012 Re-gional Partnership Grants to Increase the 
Well-Being of and to Improve the Perma-nency Outcomes for Children Affected by Substance Abuse: First Annual Report to Congress’’, as required by the Child and Family Services Improvement Act, Pub. L. 112-34; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1154. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Revised List-ings for Growth Disorders and Weight Loss in Children [Docket No.: SSA-2011-0081] (RIN: 0960-AG28) received April 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
1155. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report titled ‘‘Medicare National Coverage Determina-tions for FY 2014’’ pursuant to Sec. 1869(f)(7) of the Social Security Act; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 373. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative juris-diction of each Secretary for good Samaritan search-and-recovery missions, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–75, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 404. A bill to authorize early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irriga-tion District in the State of Nebraska (Rept. 114–76). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 533. A bill to revoke the charter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–77). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 984. A bill to amend the National Trails System Act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study on the feasibility of designating the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Train, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–78). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 1168. A bill to amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Vio-lence Prevention Act to require background checks before foster care placements are or-dered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–79). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 1324. A bill to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 80). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 979. A bill to designate a mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’ (Rept. 114–81). Referred to the House Cal-endar. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15AP7.000 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2268 April 15, 2015 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. Oversight Plans for All House Committees (Rept. 114–82). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Agriculture discharged from further consideration. H.R. 373 re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. R EED, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 1795. A bill to require the Commis-
sioner of Social Security to make publicly available on-line tools to allow individuals eligible for disability benefits to assess the impact of earnings on the individual’s eligi-bility for, and amount of, benefits received through Federal and State benefit programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. M
CCOLLUM: 
H.R. 1796. A bill to withdraw all Federal 
land located within the Rainy River Drain-age Basin in Minnesota from all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws, location, entry, and patent under the mining laws and operation under the mineral leasing laws, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self, Mr. F
ATTAH , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. W ALBERG ): 
H.R. 1797. A bill to facilitate effective re-
search on and treatment of neglected trop-ical diseases, including Ebola, through co-ordinated domestic and international efforts; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on For-eign Affairs, and Financial Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. NEUGEBAUER (for himself, 
Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD ): 
H.R. 1798. A bill to prohibit the Depart-
ment of the Treasury from assigning tax statuses to organizations based on their po-litical beliefs and activities; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 1799. A bill to amend the Real Estate 
Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to pro-hibit certain financial benefits for referrals of business and to improve the judicial relief for certain violations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself, Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. R EED, Mrs. 
MIMIWALTERS of California, and Mr. 
MARCHANT ): 
H.R. 1800. A bill to require the Commis-
sioner of Social Security to update the med-ical-vocational guidelines used in disability determinations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 1801. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a tax credit for providing programs to kindergarten, elemen-tary, and secondary students that promote 
economic and financial literacy; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. 
WELCH ): 
H.R. 1802. A bill to promote energy effi-
ciency; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 1803. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the work opportunity tax credit for veterans and to allow an exemption from an employer’s employment taxes in an amount equivalent to the value of such credit in the case of vet-erans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT (for himself, Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. K IND, Mrs. L OWEY , and 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California): 
H.R. 1804. A bill to protect the public, com-
munities across America, and the environ-ment by increasing the safety of crude oil transportation by railroad, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. GIBSON (for himself, Ms. 
S
TEFANIK , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. 
REED, and Mr. C OLLINS of New York): 
H.R. 1805. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to simplify the peti-tioning procedure for H-2A workers, to ex-pand the scope of the H-2A program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. L
UCAS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. K NIGHT , 
Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. L OUDERMILK ): 
H.R. 1806. A bill to provide for techno-
logical innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fun-damental scientific discovery, and develop-ment to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
(for himself and Mr. B
URGESS ): 
H.R. 1807. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment dem-onstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, preven-tion, and treatment; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: 
H.R. 1808. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend certain expiring provisions for 1 year; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. D OG-
GETT , and Mr. L EVIN): 
H.R. 1809. A bill to prohibit the award of 
Federal Government contracts to inverted domestic corporations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself and 
Mr. C
ONYERS ): 
H.R. 1810. A bill to revise the Uniform 
Crime Reports, and the National Incident- Based Reporting System, to direct the Direc-tor of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to include information in those reports per-taining to law enforcement-involved justifi-able homicides, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. H
AS-
TINGS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. V ARGAS , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. 
FARR): 
H.R. 1811. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make improvements in the old-age, survivors, and disability insurance program, to provide for cash relief for years for which annual COLAs do not take effect under certain cash benefit programs, and to provide for Social Security benefit protec-tion; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ENGEL (for himself and Mr. 
S
ALMON ): 
H.R. 1812. A bill to establish the Western 
Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 1813. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to tax bona fide residents of the District of Columbia in the same man-ner as bona fide residents of possessions of the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mrs. 
D
INGELL , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. T AKAI, Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. 
KINGof New York): 
H.R. 1814. A bill to permanently reauthor-
ize the Land and Water Conservation Fund; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HARDY (for himself, Mr. 
A
MODEI , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, and Ms. 
TITUS): 
H.R. 1815. A bill to facilitate certain 
pinyon-juniper related projects in Lincoln County, Nevada, to modify the boundaries of certain wilderness areas in the State of Ne-vada, and to provide for the implementation of a conservation plan for the Virgin River, Nevada; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. HECK of Nevada: 
H.R. 1816. A bill to exclude from consider-
ation as income under the United States Housing Act of 1937 payments of pension made under section 1521 of title 38, United States Code, to veterans who are in need of regular aid and attendance; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 1817. A bill to prohibit the provision of 
performance awards to employees of the In-ternal Revenue Service who owe back taxes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for 
himself and Mrs. C
APPS ): 
H.R. 1818. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to provide grants to States to streamline State requirements and procedures for veterans with military emer-gency medical training to become civilian emergency medical technicians; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
H.R. 1819. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide an exception for certain public-private research arrange-ments from the business use test for pur-poses of determining private activity bonds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.014 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2269 April 15, 2015 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico (for himself and Mrs. L UMMIS ): 
H.R. 1820. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of the Interior to retire coal preference right lease applications for which the Secretary has made an affirmative commercial quan-tities determination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. NEAL (for himself, Mr. G
UINTA , 
and Mrs. C OMSTOCK ): 
H.R. 1821. A bill to provide certain protec-
tions from civil liability with respect to the emergency administration of opioid overdose drugs; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI (for himself, Ms. 
P
LASKETT , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. 
RADEWAGEN , and Mr. S ABLAN ): 
H.R. 1822. A bill to extend the supple-
mental security income program to Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, and American Samoa, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. 
A
GUILAR , and Mr. R UIZ): 
H.R. 1823. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow the mortgage in-terest deduction with respect to boats only if the boat is used as the principal residence of the taxpayer; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama: 
H.R. 1824. A bill to repeal the current In-
ternal Revenue Code and replace it with a flat tax, thereby guaranteeing economic growth and fairness for all Americans; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 1825. A bill to direct the Adminis-
trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration to prohibit certain employees of the Transportation Security Administra-tion from using the title of ‘‘officer’’ and from wearing metal badges or uniforms re-sembling those of law enforcement officers; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. SABLAN (for himself and Mr. 
H
UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 1826. A bill to reauthorize the Magnu-
son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1827. A bill to allow funds under title 
II of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to be used to provide train-ing to school personnel regarding how to rec-ognize child sexual abuse; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. THORNBERRY: 
H.R. 1828. A bill to provide a taxpayer bill 
of rights for small businesses; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN ): 
H.R. 1829. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to assess and submit to Congress a report on the ability of the De-partment of Homeland Security to convey information to, collect information from, and serve individuals with limited English proficiency; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H. Res. 201. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that a Global Marshall Plan holds the potential to 
demonstrate the commitment of the United States to peace and prosperity through pov-erty reduction in the United States and abroad; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. BUTTERFIELD (for himself, 
Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
JONES , Mr. H UDSON , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. T ROTT ): 
H. Res. 202. A resolution congratulating 
the 2015 national champions, the Duke Uni-versity Blue Devils, for their win in the 2015 National Collegiate Athletic Association Di-vision I Men’s Basketball Tournament; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. 
R
ANGEL , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
and Mr. P AYNE ): 
H. Res. 203. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of June 2015 as ‘‘National Men’s Cancer Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. LOFGREN: 
H. Res. 204. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of May 13, 2015, as a national day of celebration of the diversity in the United States, known as Diversity Day in the Nation; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. 
R
USH, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. 
FOSTER , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois): 
H. Res. 205. A resolution congratulating 
the administration, staff, students, and alumni of Roosevelt University on the occa-sion of the University’s 70th anniversary; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Mr. TAKAI (for himself and Mr. 
B
RIDENSTINE ): 
H. Res. 206. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of April 2015 as ‘‘National Learn to Swim Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 1795. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution, to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Ms. M
CCOLLUM: 
H.R. 1796. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which gives 
Congress the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing powers.’’ 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 1797. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. NEUGEBAUER: 
H.R. 1798. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers; and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 1799. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 3. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 1800. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution, to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 1801. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
USC Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 1 (‘‘The Congress 
shall have Power To Lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the Common Defence and general Welfare of the United States[.]’’) (This bill would provide a tax credit to enti-ties that implement financial literacy pro-gramming for students—empowering said students, and in turn, improving the nation’s ‘‘general Welfare.’’). 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY: 
H.R. 1802. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 1803. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 1804. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. GIBSON: 
H.R. 1805. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 and 4, of Section 8, of Article I. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas: 
H.R. 1806. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 1807. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: 
H.R. 1808. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15AP7.100 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2270 April 15, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Constitutional Authority—Necessary and 
Proper Clause (Art. I, Sec. 8, Clause 18) 
THE U.S. CONSTITUTION ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF 
CONGRESS 
CLAUSE 18 The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 1809. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE: 
H.R. 1810. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 1811. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as interpreted 
by Steward Machine Company v. Davis and by Helvering v. Davis (‘‘general welfare’’ and general taxation). 
By Mr. ENGEL: 
H.R. 1812. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. GOHMERT: 
H.R. 1813. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, US Constitution: To exercise exclusive Legislation in all 
Cases whatsoever, over such District (not ex-ceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Govern-ment of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 1814. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, sec. 8, cl. 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; 
By Mr. HARDY: 
H.R. 1815. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution’’. 
By Mr. HECK of Nevada: 
H.R. 1816. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The power granted to Congress under Arti-
cle I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 1817. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which states 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: 
H.R. 1818. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to clause 7 of Section 9 of Arti-
cle I of the Constitution, Congress has the authority to control the expenditures of the federal government. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
H.R. 1819. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 and the 16th Amend-
ment of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico: 
H.R. 1820. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. NEAL: 
H.R. 1821. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article, 1 Section 8 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 1822. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to pro-vide for the general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution such power, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution; and to make rules and regulations respecting the U.S. ter-ritories, as enumerated in Article IV, Sec-tion 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. QUIGLEY: 
H.R. 1823. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises; as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama: 
H.R. 1824. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 1825. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Per Article 1 Sec 8 of the Constitution: To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. SABLAN: 
H.R. 1826. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1827. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. THORNBERRY: 
H.R. 1828. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imports and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare for the United States; but all Duties, imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ 
By Mrs. TORRES: 
H.R. 1829. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 9: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 93: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 114: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 140: Mr. S ANFORD . 
H.R. 173: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 174: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mrs. 
WALORSKI . 
H.R. 237: Mr. C OOK, Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
PERRY , and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 249: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 267: Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 311: Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 317: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 333: Mrs. B EATTY and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 343: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 363: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 379: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN and Mr. 
LEWIS. 
H.R. 427: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.R. 446: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 449: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 452: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 453: Mr. H ARRIS and Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 472: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 509: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 546: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 556: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 563: Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 571: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 577: Ms. G RAHAM and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 578: Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 588: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 592: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 605: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina. 
H.R. 606: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 619: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN . 
H.R. 625: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 649: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 662: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 692: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. B UCK, 
Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 721: Mrs. R OBY, Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. 
PALAZZO . 
H.R. 775: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 793: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 797: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 812: Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 817: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 820: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. L IPIN-
SKI, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. K USTER , 
Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mr. N OLAN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.020 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2271 April 15, 2015 
SWALWELL of California, Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. G RIFFITH , and 
Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 825: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 865: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 868: Mr. K ILMER , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. 
KINGof New York. 
H.R. 872: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 879: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 880: Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. J ONES , and 
Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 911: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 921: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 923: Mr. S ESSIONS and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 928: Mr. B UCK, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. C ON-
AWAY , and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 935: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 957: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 971: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 973: Mr. T HOMPSON of California and 
Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 980: Mr. S CALISE , Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 985: Mr. N EUGEBAUER and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 987: Mr. S ANFORD . 
H.R. 1019: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1037: Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 1078: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1086: Mr. W ESTMORELAND and Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 1087: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona and Mr. 
FORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 1111: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1131: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1151: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 1170: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN and Mr. 
JONES . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1234: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 1269: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. P AYNE , and 
Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 1274: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
BARR, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. C URBELO of Flor-
ida, and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1312: Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. B ASS, Mr. T IP-
TON, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. D ENT, Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. W HIT-
FIELD , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. F ARR, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi. 
H.R. 1324: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. 
BEYER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and 
Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1336: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 1358: Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 1365: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, and 
Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 1375: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1378: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. 
POLIS, and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1415: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. D EUTCH , 
and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1421: Mr. M EEKS and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1435: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1445: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 1453: Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 1464: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 1475: Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 1476: Mr. M ERCHANT , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
FLEMING , Mr. G IBBS, and Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina. 
H.R. 1478: Ms. B ORDELLO . 
H.R. 1496: Ms. B ORDELLO . 
H.R. 1498: Mr. S HUSTER . 
H.R. 1503: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California 
and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 1531: Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 1538: Mr. M CCLINTOCK and Ms. 
DELBENE. 
H.R. 1546: Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 1547: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1568: Ms. E SHOO and Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 1586: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 1605: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. C RAMER and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1625: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1635: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and 
Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 1650: Mr. M ARCHANT and Mr. 
MULVANEY . H.R. 1651: Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1668: Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
H.R. 1674: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
CONYERS . 
H.R. 1684: Ms. G RAHAM . 
H.R. 1688: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. B LUM, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Ms. 
KUSTER . 
H.R. 1694: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1695: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. P ALAZZO , 
and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 1713: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mrs. L AW-
RENCE . 
H.R. 1714: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. G ARRETT , and 
Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 1728: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1734: Mr. K IND, Mr. K INGof New York, 
and Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. B ARR, Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. 
DOLD. 
H.R. 1759: Mr. B UCK. 
H.R. 1772: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 1774: Ms. L EE. 
H. J. Res. 43: Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. F LEMING , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. D UNCAN  
of Tennessee, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. O LSON , and Mr. 
LIPINSKI . 
H. Con. Res. 14: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, 
Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. R IGELL , and Mr. A LLEN . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. R EICHERT . 
H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H. Res. 28: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Miss R ICE 
of New York. 
H. Res. 54; Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. K IL-
DEE. 
H. Res. 118: Mr. M EEKS . 
H. Res. 130: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
AMODEI , and Mr. W OMACK . 
H. Res. 154: Mr. S IRES. 
H. Res. 159: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H. Res. 161: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H. Res. 174: Ms. E SHOO . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP7.016 H15APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2185 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15, 2015 No. 54 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. O God, our Protector, mountains 
shake in Your presence and islands skip for joy. We praise You because Your ways are just and true. Lord, You know our hearts and minds like an open book. Thank You for the security we have in You, for You alone remain our rock and refuge. 
Lead our lawmakers on the road that 
You have chosen, providing them with strength for their journey. Keep them safe as You provide them with the pa-tience to wait for Your harvest. Lord, help them in the making of our laws to execute justice for the oppressed and to set the captives free. Give us all the grace to love and pray, even for those who hurt and wrong us. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
SCHEDULE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Later this morn-
ing the Senate will move to go to con-ference with the House on the budget resolution. The vote on that motion will occur before lunch. After about 10 
hours of debate, which is stipulated in the statute, we expect a series of votes on motions to instruct conferees on the budget. Senators should expect those votes later this afternoon or this evening. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, just 
hours ago, 100 percent of Senate Demo-crats followed the lead of Republicans and Democrats in the House, including N
ANCY PELOSI and the pro-choice cau-
cus, in voting to endorse the bipartisan principle that Federal funds leaving the government should be subject to bi-partisan Hyde language. Given that Americans overwhelmingly support what Hyde does, it is no wonder this principle has been applied by both par-ties—both parties—to appropriations and authorizing legislation for as long as anyone could remember. 
We hope the Democrats’ statement of 
support for Hyde in last night’s Medi-care vote will finally clear the way for passage of antislavery legislation they have been filibustering over the very same Hyde principle. It was never a morally tenable position. Never. Con-sidering what we saw just 12 hours ago, it is no longer politically tenable ei-ther. Democrats couldn’t possibly jus-tify voting for Hyde language in order to keep doctors—as they did just hours ago—but then look an abused victim in the eye and tell her she is not worth it. OK to vote for Hyde to help doctors, but then not OK when it comes to vic-tims of sexual trafficking. 
Human trafficking is a serious prob-
lem in our country. It is hard for a lot of people to believe, but it occurs in every single State. I recently saw a news report about a local nonprofit that is worried about trafficking at big events such as the Kentucky Derby. ‘‘They’ll take a girl to one city for one to two weeks,’’ an official with that group said, ‘‘then they’ll go to another 
city, and they just follow these circuits . . . it’s really hard to get them out of it . . .’’ 
Look, it is unconscionable for anyone 
to continue filibustering this human rights bill over a principle that has been a fixture—a fixture—in Federal law for decades, that was in the bill when Democrats endorsed it, cospon-sored it, and voted unanimously to sup-port it in committee, and that was en-dorsed again by Democrats just last night. 
But just to ensure there are no pos-
sible excuses left to continue this fili-buster, Senator C
ORNYN offered another 
compromise last night to eliminate any remaining pretext. His compromise ensures that, by supporting this bill, Senate Democrats would only be en-dorsing the same Hyde language that 100 percent of them just voted to sup-port last night, less than 24 hours ago. Remember, this is essentially language endorsed by N
ANCY PELOSI and the pro- 
choice caucus. 
It is actually the third compromise 
we have offered on the Senate floor to our friends across the aisle. First, we offered our colleagues a simple up-or- down vote last month to strike the lan-guage that they once were for before they decided to be against it. Then, be-fore the recess, Senator C
ORNYN offered 
to make the monies in the fund subject to the appropriations process, some-thing our Democratic colleagues had said was important to them. 
So this is now the third compromise 
we have offered on the floor. It is time for our Democratic friends to show a little courage to finally bring their party’s filibuster of antislavery legisla-tion to an end. A large bipartisan ma-jority of the Senate has already dem-onstrated its commitment to doing so, and all that is needed now are a couple more Democrats to join us. That is all that is needed now, a couple more Democrats willing to show the same level of compassion to enslaved victims 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP6.000 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2186 April 15, 2015 
they offered to doctors—to doctors— 
just a few hours ago. 
As an official with the Coalition 
Against Trafficking in Women put it: ‘‘Our Democratic colleagues should stop choosing a phantom problem . . .’’—a phantom problem—‘‘. . . over real victims.’’ 
Because as the Los Angeles Times 
said: 
The Hyde Amendment has been the law for 
many years. A fight over whether a fraction of the projected millions of dollars in aid to victims of trafficking and hunters of traf-fickers can be used on abortion services seems fruitless, and the bill should not be de-railed by such a fight. 
This has gone on long enough. It is 
time for Senators of conscience to stand up and end this filibuster now. 
f 
A BALANCED BUDGET 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
another matter, before Easter, the Sen-ate passed a balanced budget. The House of Representatives did as well. The next step in the process is for each Chamber to appoint Members to a con-ference committee that can work out any differences between those bills, and then send unified legislation back to Congress for a final vote. We are taking that next step today. 
Some of our friends across the aisle 
seem eager to use this opportunity to rehash some of the same votes we took in passing the budget. The outcome of those votes won’t be different, so I am not sure what the point would be, other than to slow down the process for its own sake. So I would urge them to re-consider and decide if that is really what they want to do. 
But either way—either way—the new 
Congress is determined to keep work-ing to finalize the budget. After years of a Senate that often refused to even consider a budget, this is a big change. And it is another example of the new Congress that is back to regular order and back to work. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority leader is recognized. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION AND THE BUDGET 
Mr. REID. The Republican leader 
talked about two issues: one, sexual trafficking, and, two, the budget. His statements regarding the two are il-logical as anything can be. Illogical. 
First of all, let’s talk about sexual 
trafficking. Senators on this side of the aisle, with rare exception, are not wild about the Hyde amendment, but it has been the law of the land for some 30 years. And why is it the law of the land? Because it has been put in appro-priations bills over these many years. But what my friend the Republican leader failed to mention is that if the Cornyn amendment or the Cornyn lan-guage were adopted, it would change 
women’s reproduction rights perma-nently. You see, the Hyde amendment has always applied to taxpayer-funded money. But what Senator C
ORNYN , the 
author of this bill and this amendment, wants to do is direct this to private money. They are two totally different things. Hyde has never, ever in the past 
applied to private money—nontaxpayer dollars. So that is why my friend’s ar-gument is totally illogical. Illogical. It has no basis in fact. We are not going to stand by to enlarge this so-called Hyde amendment to private money. 
Now we have tried. We have tried. 
Ten different offers have been made to Senator C
ORNYN and Senator M CCON-
NELL to work our way through this. 
There are many ways we can handle this. But they feel—my friend the Re-publican leader and the assistant Re-publican leader feel this is their oppor-tunity to broaden Hyde. We are not going to allow that to happen. It would be wrong. We have made 10 separate of-fers of ways to get to yes, but Repub-licans appear unwilling to compromise about the Hyde language, and that is unfortunate. 
To carry on the illogic of the Repub-
lican leader, every organization has a mission statement, a summary of their goals and values. Congress is no dif-ferent. There are mission statements that are done every year and they are called a budget. We have our mission statement; the Republicans have theirs. The budget sets forth our core values as a party, a statement of our values that tells the American people what we really care about and whose side we are on. We are committed to a budget that puts the middle class first, a budget that supports hard-working families, creates jobs, and invests in our future. The Republicans, by con-trast, are hell-bent on passing a budget that creates a war on the middle class and serves the interests of special in-terests and the superwealthy. 
Let’s take a look at what the Senate 
Republican budget does. Remember, this is their statement of core values, and their war on the average American from Reno to Las Vegas to Chicago to Louisville—it doesn’t matter where you go—is an attack on the middle class. Why do I say that? It deprives more than 16 million Americans of health coverage. That is the first thing their budget does. It devastates Medi-care. It makes Medicare something we would not recognize, and they do it, of course, at the expense of America’s seniors. It cuts Medicaid and hurts mil-lions of families who are not able to pay for their care. 
Everyone thinks Medicaid is just for 
poor people. Some people don’t think they have much value in our society and Medicaid is something that shouldn’t get much of our attention. But a significant amount of Medicaid money goes to people who are in rest homes and convalescent centers. So the money they are whacking from Med-icaid hurts not only the young but the old. It guts nutrition assistance. It 
guts food that can go to people who are hungry. It undermines job training and employment services for millions of American families. It cuts billions in financial aid for college students. 
The Republicans not only want to 
cut aid to families as it relates to edu-cation, but then the debts they have accumulated, which are larger than credit card debt—they don’t want to cut them any relief whatsoever. We have tried that lots of times. Our budg-et reflects that; theirs doesn’t. 
While the middle class is decimated 
by Senate Republicans—and who bene-fits? Special interests and the superrich. They are protected more than ever. The Republicans refuse to close a single loophole to reduce this deficit. 
A single tax loophole they will not 
touch. They will not end tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas. They will not close loopholes for the wealthy, including hedge fund man-agers. They will not take away waste-ful and unneeded tax breaks for the very powerful oil and gas industry. They are attacking the middle class while protecting the super wealthy. That is wrong. 
Now, the Republican budget is also 
dishonest. I heard the Republican lead-er come here and boast. He boasted about the balanced budget they have. That is absolutely not true. Their budget does not balance the budget. It is simply dishonest to say so. The Re-publican budget claims to add more money for defense, but it does not. 
It is no wonder that the New York 
Times called the Republican budget ‘‘a trillion dollar con job.’’ ‘‘A trillion dol-lar con job’’ is the Republican budget. I agree with the New York Times. In the coming days, as we move forward toward a conference—now remember moving forward toward conference has become kind of a joke around here be-cause we do not have conferences like we used to. That is too bad. 
There will be no meeting of the con-
ferees. There will be no debate in open session as to how the budget should be changed. The Republicans will get to conference. There will be meetings held by the Republicans. Democrats will not be invited. If they are invited, it is pro forma: Here is what we have decided to do. The conferences, as we used to do them around here, do not exist. It is a rare occasion when they do. 
We will not be looking into our ef-
forts to try to improve the budget. We are not looking to obstruct the process to force another all-night vote-arama. We could. Under the rules we could offer endless, endless motions to in-struct: 5, 6, 50, 100, 200. We could do that. We are not going to do that. But we will be offering a few motions to make clear where we stand on impor-tant issues. 
For example, there will be an amend-
ment that men and women who do the same work should be paid the same money. If my daughter works here and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.001 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2187 April 15, 2015 
a man works here and they do the same 
job, they should be paid the same amount of money. We have tried to do that. The Republicans have filibustered this five times over the last few years. 
We are going to offer an amendment 
to provide sick leave to help families get through tough times. We are going to offer an amendment to ensure that same sex spouses have equal access to Social Security and veterans’ benefits. We are going to offer an amendment to relieve the crushing burden of costly student loans. No one has worked hard-er on this issue than the assistant Democratic leader. I heard him yester-day talk about this at a meeting we had—the crushing, crushing costly stu-dent loans. We are going to offer an amendment to address the economic and national security threats posed by climate change. 
In the West, we are in the midst of a 
15-year drought. This is the 15th year. Lake Powell, the largest manmade lake in America, could go dry very quickly. Hundreds of thousands of acre feet of water will not go into that lake this year because of what is happening up in Colorado. 
So when we are done offering what 
we feel should be ways to improve this dishonest budget that the Republicans put forward, the American people will have no doubt which party stands with the middle class and which stands with the special interests and billionaires. Yes, we have set forth what we believe are our core values, and we believe our core values are what the American peo-ple need. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided, and with the Democrats controlling the first half. 
The assistant Democratic leader. 
f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF ABRAHAM 
LINCOLN’S DEATH 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it was 
150 years ago today—150 years ago today—when who is called the last cas-ualty of the Civil War died. He was a man who was born in the Presiding Of-ficer’s home State of Kentucky. He grew up for a part of his life in Indiana but spent his formative years in my State of Illinois. 
He was a country lawyer, an unlikely 
Congressman who, because of a polit-ical deal, was given a chance to serve in the U.S. House of Representatives. He served only 2 years. He brought his family here to Washington for that ex-perience. They lived just across the street, in a 
boarding house where the Library of Congress now sits. His family did not like Washington in those days in the 1840s and returned back to his wife’s home in Kentucky. 
He stayed out here and served in Con-
gress and liked it. He wanted to serve for a longer period of time but was re-minded that this was not part of the agreement—only 2 years. So he left Washington, went back to Springfield, IL, practiced law, but continued to as-pire to higher office. 
In 1858, he ran for the Senate against 
a man named Steven Douglas. They had historic debates across the State of Illinois. When the votes were finally counted, Douglas was the victor, and this man returned to the practice of law. Just 2 years later, though, he was elected President of the United States. 
He came to Washington at one of the 
most dangerous times in our history. The Civil War had started, and there was a question as to whether the Union could survive, whether the United States of America would survive. This simple country lawyer from what was considered the frontier of America in those days led our Nation during the most dangerous moments in our his-tory. 
He watched as more Americans died 
in that Civil War than in any war that we have ever witnessed. He saw a na-tion bitterly divided. The war raged on for years. There were moments—bleak and dark moments—when it looked as if the North would fail and the division of the country would begin. 
But eventually the North prevailed 
in a victory that really the American people had given so much to achieve. In April of 1865, this was a tumultuous pe-riod. I commend to all of my colleagues a book written by Jay Winik, a Senate staffer entitled ‘‘April 1865,’’ if you want to get a feel for what it was like in America that month. 
Many things occurred. The second in-
augural address of this President is one of the most beautiful, touching, and moving speeches ever given by a Presi-dent, where he turned toward the enemy who had fought the North for so many years and basically extended an olive branch when many others would have done just the opposite. ‘‘With malice toward none’’ and with ‘‘charity for all,’’ he gave that speech right out-side here—right outside the Senate Chamber on the porch. 
Then, in celebration of the victory of 
the Union, he and his wife attended a play not far from here, at Ford’s The-atre. It was there that an assassin took his life. So 150 years ago today, Abra-ham Lincoln, the President of the United States, was assassinated. We have learned a lot from his life, from his leadership, and we enjoy the bless-ings of liberty and the Union today be-cause that President and the men and women who stood by him saved the Union. 
I reflect on this because I come from 
what is known as Mr. Lincoln’s home-town of Springfield, IL. I am not an ex-
pert on Lincoln. I am just a fan, as so many people are, not only across the United States but around the world. I hope we can remember him just for a moment today and reflect on the need for all of us to extend an olive branch to our personal enemies and to our po-litical enemies and try to find how to eliminate an enemy by making a friend, as Lincoln said. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I cannot 
believe that Loretta Lynch still sits on this Executive Calendar of the Senate. It is put on our desk every day we are in session. She has been on that cal-endar for a longer period of time than any nominee for Attorney General in the last 30 years. 
Senators can vote for or against Lo-
retta Lynch to be Attorney General. That is their right. But an Attorney General nominee whose qualifications and character are unquestionable de-serves better than the treatment she is receiving from this Senate. Ms. Lynch deserves a timely vote, just as other Attorney General nominees of other Presidents have received. 
She was reported out of the Senate 
Judiciary Committee on February 26 in a bipartisan vote. Nine Democrats and three Republicans voted for this Presi-dential nominee. She has now been pending on the Senate calendar right here for 48 days—48 days on this cal-endar. Not one word has been spoken on this floor in derogation of this fine woman, this fine nominee. 
The last seven Attorney General 
nominees combined—all seven of them—had to wait on the Senate floor for a total of 24 days—seven nominees, 24 days. For Loretta Lynch it is 48 days. 
The Senate has confirmed other 
nominees while the human trafficking bill has been pending on the floor. There is no procedural obstacle. While that bill has been pending, the Senate has voted on nominees for Assistant Secretary of Transportation, Assistant Secretary of Commerce, the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Com-mission, and the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board. And on Mon-day we voted on a Federal judge. It is routine for the Senate to consider nominees on the Executive Calendar while still considering legislation. 
It has been 158 days—more than 5 
months—since Ms. Lynch’s nomination to be Attorney General was announced. A vote still has not been scheduled. This is far longer than any recent At-torney General nominee has had to wait. Janet Reno waited 29 days. John Ashcroft, a Republican nominee, wait-ed 42 days. Alberto Gonzales, 86 days. Michael Mukasey, 53 days. Eric Holder, 64 days. But when it comes to Loretta Lynch, it is 158 days. 
The last Attorney General nominee 
whose nomination took this long to process was Edwin Meese in 1984, who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.020 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2188 April 15, 2015 
faced questions and investigations re-
lating to questions of ethics. There have been no such allegations—none— that have been raised against Loretta Lynch. 
Senate Republicans have the capa-
bility to bring up nominations prompt-ly. The majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL of Kentucky, can walk to 
this floor and within a minute call her nomination, and it will be voted on im-mediately. It is in his power to do it. Why will he not do it? Why will he not give this woman, who has such an ex-traordinary life story, a chance to serve as the first African-American woman in the history of the United States to serve as Attorney General? 
There is no substantive reason—not 
one. I welcome any Republican Senator to come to the floor and make the case against Loretta Lynch. No one did it in committee. No one has done it on the floor. It is time for us to move forward and approve this nomination. 
f 
60TH ANNIVERSARY OF POLIO 
VACCINE 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the Pre-
siding Officer probably does not re-member these days because of his age, but I do. When I was a child, polio was a scare that every family felt. I had friends in school who were stricken with polio. Some of them, in the most extreme cases, ended up in something called an iron lung. The Presiding Offi-cer has probably seen pictures of it. It is an incredible situation where some-one would be encased in this tube, this metal tube that would help them breathe. 
Many were stricken with polio and 
ended up crippled, and their lives were compromised to some degree in those days because disabilities were not treated as well then as they are now. Parents did not know what to make of this. No one knew what caused polio. My mother, God bless her, had a theory that one of the things that might cause polio was playing in the street after a rainstorm in the flooded waters. 
She would just ban me from doing 
that. ‘‘That can cause polio,’’ she said. That was my mother’s theory. It was as valid as any other theory in those days. No one knew what was going on, what was causing it. Many Americans lived in fear of that infectious, viral disease that attacks the nerve cells and the central nervous system causing muscle wasting, paralysis, and some-times death. 
In 1952, nearly 60,000 children in the 
United States were reported to have polio, with more than 20,000 cases of paralysis. There was a panic about this epidemic. Families were afraid for their kids and the scientists struggled to understand the disease. Dr. Jonas Salk, a pioneer in the field of vaccine 
research, was recruited in 1947 by the University of Pittsburgh to be the di-rector of virus research and to work on finding a polio vaccine. 
His work caught the attention of 
Basil O’Connor, the president of the National Foundation for Infantile Pa-
ralysis, now known as the March of Dimes Foundation. The organization decided to fund Dr. Jonas Salk’s work to develop a vaccine against polio. For 5 years, Dr. Salk worked tirelessly on this effort while the country donated their dimes to the foundation to sup-port his work. 
Then, on April 12, 1955, Dr. Thomas 
Francis, Jr.—an epidemiologist at the University of Michigan and a mentor to Salk—announced that Salk had dis-covered a polio vaccine that was safe and effective. 
When the announcement was made, 
it was as if time stood still. I still re-member it as a kid. Americans turned on their radios and TVs to hear the de-tails. Department stores set up loud-speakers and judges suspended trials so everyone in the courtroom could hear this good news. 
April 12 was deliberately chosen for 
the announcement because it marked the 10th anniversary of the death of the most famous polio survivor of all, former President Franklin Delano Roo-sevelt. Roosevelt also founded what would become the March of Dimes Foundation in 1938, without which Salk might not have been able to complete his work. 
A massive field trial, the first of its 
kind, was conducted on over 1.8 million children to prove the vaccine was 80 to 90 percent effective. Church bells rang across the country, factories observed moments of silence, and parents and teachers wept to finally be relieved of this fear. 
But it had only just begun. The U.S. 
Government invested heavily in mass production of the polio vaccine and led campaigns across the Nation to see that every kid was vaccinated. I hated the thought of getting a shot, but the notion that I would be protected from polio for life was certainly worth it. 
As a result, polio was eradicated 
from the United States in 1979. 
Sunday, we marked the 60th anniver-
sary of the announcement of the dis-covery of the first safe and effective polio vaccine. In commemoration of that announcement, I submitted a res-olution last month celebrating the dis-covery of the polio vaccine and sup-
porting the efforts to eradicate that disease around the world. 
The resolution also encourages Fed-
eral funding for the Global Polio Eradi-cation Initiative for biomedical and basic scientific research so more life-saving discoveries can be made. Thanks to the work of scientists funded by the CDC and nonprofit organizations such as the Bill and Melinda Gates Founda-tion, polio has been eradicated in all but a handful of the world’s poorest na-tions. 
The success of the polio vaccine 
shows us what medical research can ac-complish. If we can do this with polio, then we can do it again. 
I thank Senators K
IRK, LEAHY , SHA-
HEEN , MURRAY , BOXER , COONS , MARKEY , 
ISAKSON , AYOTTE , and R EED of Rhode 
Island for cosponsoring my resolution. I also thank the March of Dimes, the 
American Academy of Pediatrics, the U.N. Foundation’s Shot@Life cam-paign, the Rotary Club, and RESULTS for supporting this resolution. 
But today, America’s place as world 
leader in cutting-edge biomedical re-search is at risk. We no longer invest as we should in basic scientific re-search. 
From 2003 to 2012, the U.S. invest-
ment in the NIH research didn’t even keep up with inflation, and the number of research grants awarded by the Na-tional Institutes of Health has declined every year for the past 10 years. 
This is shameful. It is shameful in a 
great Nation such as the United States, where we have seen achievements such as a polio vaccine, for to us walk away from medical research. 
One decade ago, 30 percent of quali-
fied NIH proposals were funded. Today, it is half that—15 percent, the lowest rate in America’s modern history. 
Dr. Francis Collins, who directs the 
National Institutes of Health, told me that inadequate funding of basic med-ical research will cause some of Amer-ica’s best young researchers to take their talents to other places and even other countries. It has already started. 
We are on the verge of losing a gen-
eration of medical researchers in America. In 1982—listen—18 percent of NIH primary investigators, medical re-searchers, were under the age of 36— 1982, 18 percent under the age of 36. Today, 3 percent are under the age of 36. Young researchers have given up. 
If Congress and the President don’t 
want to put money into the NIH, they are going to go someplace else. How many Jonas Salks are we losing be-cause of our cuts to basic medical re-search? How many lifesaving discov-eries are being delayed and ignored? With the right commitment, we can change this. 
I tried to gather on the floor—during 
the debate on the budget resolution—a 
dozen different Senators who cospon-sored amendments calling for more money for medical research. They were from both sides of the aisle: Senator C
OLLINS on the Republican side of the 
aisle, interested in Alzheimer’s; Sen-ator W
ICKER of Mississippi, also inter-
ested in medical research. 
I brought them all together and said: 
Why don’t we cosponsor the same amendment. We are all trying to reach the same goal. They agreed, and it passed unanimously on a voice vote as I hoped it would. 
This is what we need to do. Dr. Col-
lins spelled this out in clear terms. We need to increase the funding in bio-medical research by 5 percent over in-flation every year. Five percent over inflation for 10 years, Dr. Collins tells me, will dramatically change medical research in America. 
Can we afford it? Can we afford a 5- 
percent real growth in biomedical re-search? Think about it for a second. Do you know what that will cost us over 10 years—5 percent real growth in bio-medical research. It is going to cost us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.021 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2189 April 15, 2015 
$150 billion. That is a lot of money, 
isn’t it? 
Do you realize that once every 68 sec-
onds in America someone is diagnosed with Alzheimer’s? I didn’t believe that when my staff told me. I checked it, and it is true. Once every 68 seconds an American is diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s, and we know what that means: for most of those patients, a steady decline to death, and for their families, the heartbreak of losing com-munication with someone they love and then caring for them in this state of Alzheimer’s disease—once every 68 seconds. 
Do you know what it costs us as a 
government to care for Alzheimer’s victims last year, Medicare, Medicaid? We estimate $200 billion. 
Now, step back, a 5-percent growth in 
biomedical research over 10 years will cost $150 billion. What if that research could find a way to delay the onset of Alzheimer’s for months—maybe for years—and, God willing, find a cure. 
What I am saying is whether it is 
Alzheimer’s, cancer, heart disease, dia-betes, each and every one of these is praying for and depending on medical research to give Americans who are stricken a fighting chance. It is up to us. We have to make that decision. 
I would take this question to the 
Iowa caucus, to the New Hampshire primary, any State, any city in the Na-tion, and ask the crowd that you would assemble, that anyone assembles, what do you think is a high priority? Do you think biomedical research by our gov-ernment is a high priority? 
I know the answer, because every one 
of us lives in fear that someone we love will be diagnosed with a serious illness. You know the first questions you would ask that doctor: Doctor, is there a medicine, is there a surgery, is there something I can do, something that can be done? 
And you pray, pray to God, that the 
doctor says: Yes, we have a new medi-cation in clinical trials at the NIH. It is very promising, and this may be the answer for your son, your daughter, your wife, your mother, and your fa-ther. That is what this comes down to—real life, real family challenges. 
The American Cures Act I introduced 
a couple of years ago sets this 5 percent funding goal. I have talked to my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle and asked them to join me. This shouldn’t be a Democratic idea, not a Republican idea. This is as basic as it gets. 
The next great scientific and medical 
breakthroughs will be discovered by re-searchers if we fund the research, but it isn’t just a matter of biomedical re-search at the NIH. I had a visit with Department of Energy Secretary Er-nest Moniz, and over breakfast we talked about the American Cures Act. 
He said: Senator, let me put in a 
word here. Do you know who develops the technology for diagnostic evalua-tions—whether it is MRIs, PET scans, and things of that nature? Do you know who develops the technology for the application of radiation therapy for 
cancer victims? A lot of it is done right here at the Department of Energy. 
He awakened me to the fact that we 
think about NIH automatically in bio-medical research—and we should. There is more to the story. 
So I have really reached out and said: 
American Cures Act, 5 percent real growth for biomedical isn’t enough. We need 5 percent growth when it comes to innovation, the next breakthrough when it comes to diagnosing breast cancer at an early stage, treating can-cers with radiation, other things. The American Innovation Act would pro-vide an annual budget increase of 5 per-cent for the National Science Founda-tion, the Department of Energy Office of Science, the Department of Defense science and technology programs, the National Institute of Standards and Technology Scientific and Technical Research, and the NASA Science Direc-torate. 
You say to yourself, can we afford it? 
I will say what I know. I know that when we embark on scientific research of real value, it not only can cure dis-ease, in the process it will create a company. It will create many compa-nies. It could create many jobs in the right fields and develop our economy in the right way. 
We are debating this now on the floor 
of the Senate. They are not debating it in Beijing. They have decided they are going to pass us. The Chinese have em-barked on a medical program in med-ical research and other research, deter-mined—within the next 20 years—to pass the United States. 
Will we let that happen? The men 
and women of the Senate will make that decision, and the men and women of the House and the President. 
All told, the American Innovations 
Act would invest $100 billion over 10 years; the American Cures Act, $150 billion—$250 billion. 
How much money will we spend on 
our budget in that 10-year period of time? Somewhere in the range of $18 trillion to $20 trillion. This is a tiny, little decimal point, but what a dif-ference it could make. 
Some of my colleagues talk about 
burdening our children and grand-children with debt. I agree. We shouldn’t. But the way to reduce our deficit and grow our economy is not by killing research and innovation. It pays for itself many times over. We have cut the budget deficit by two- thirds since the start of the recession which we just went through 7 or 8 years ago. 
Now it is time to close the innova-
tion deficit. In the last years of Jonas Salk’s life, he was searching for an AIDS vaccine. He didn’t need to do that. His place in history was assured, but Jonas Salk wasn’t content to rest on past achievement. After all, he was an American, and when his early ef-forts failed, he was undeterred. Jonas Salk said: ‘‘You can only fail if you stop too soon.’’ This is a decisive moment of a his-
toric opportunity for America and for Congress. We must continue to invest in basic science and research in order to reap the rewards of decades of work by the best scientific and medical minds of the world. The only way we can fail is by stopping too soon. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TAX DAY 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, it has 
been said that April is the cruelest month. I think that pretty much cap-tures how Americans feel as tax day approaches each year. This year, Amer-icans will spend 114 days working to pay their Federal, State, and local taxes. In other words, Americans may have submitted their Federal tax re-turns or be getting ready to submit them tonight, but they are still not done working off their taxes. In fact, Americans won’t start earning a dollar for themselves until April 25, almost one-third of the way through the year. 
Americans spend 6.1 billion hours 
every year trying to comply with the Tax Code. That is an average of 19 hours for every man, woman, and child in the United States or an average of 76 hours for a family of four. Almost half of small businesses spend more than $5,000 each year on tax compliance; that is $5,000 on top of their tax bill. 
Paying taxes is never going to be on 
the top of Americans’ list of favorite activities, but it doesn’t have to be the torturous process it has become. The Tax Code takes too much time to com-ply with, and it takes too much money from hard-working Americans. 
Comprehensive tax reform is long 
overdue. Unfortunately, instead of tax reform, under the Obama administra-tion Americans have just gotten more taxes. The President’s health care law created or raised taxes to the tune of more than $1 trillion over the first dec-ade. Several of those taxes have hit families making less than $250,000 a year, despite the President’s campaign pledge not to raise taxes on families making less than $250,000. 
Let’s take the ObamaCare medical 
device tax. Thanks to this tax, families are now facing higher prices on life-saving medical equipment such as pacemakers and insulin pumps. ObamaCare taxes are also driving up prices for families on essential drugs such as EpiPens and asthma medica-tions. Other ObamaCare taxes are cost-ing American families in other ways. 
The ObamaCare employer mandate 
tax is discouraging employers from ex-panding and hiring, which means fewer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.023 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2190 April 15, 2015 
jobs and opportunities for American 
workers. Then there is the individual mandate tax that last year began hit-ting American families without gov-ernment-approved insurance. For 2015, the individual mandate tax penalty is $325 per person or 2 percent of house-hold income, whichever is greater. In 2016, that tax penalty will rise to $695 per person or 2
1⁄2percent of household 
income, whichever is greater. 
But that is not all ObamaCare is 
bringing to tax season. This year, a full half of Americans receiving ObamaCare health insurance subsidies discovered they have to pay back some or all of their subsidies because they didn’t esti-mate their income correctly. Ulti-mately, just 4 percent of households re-ceiving subsidies had the correct sub-sidy advanced to their insurance com-panies. Unfortunately, the confusion and mistakes are par for the course for ObamaCare. The administration appar-ently finds the law so confusing that it sent out incorrect ObamaCare forms to more than 800,000 people. Yet the ad-ministration wants us to believe ObamaCare is somehow working. 
We need to repeal this broken law 
and its trillion dollars’ worth of taxes, and we need to reform our bloated Tax Code. We need to cut rates for families so that Americans can spend more of the year working for themselves and less of the year working for the Federal Government. We need to cut rates for businesses, both large and small. The U.S. currently has the highest cor-porate tax rate in the developed world. That puts American businesses at a huge disadvantage compared to their foreign competitors, and American workers suffer the consequences—lower wages and fewer opportunities. Reform-ing both corporate and individual tax rates would go a long way toward mak-ing American businesses more competi-tive and opening new opportunities and higher paying jobs for American work-ers. 
Of course, any tax reform measure 
should include reforms to the IRS. From mishandled customer service to the Agency’s most serious offenses— the First Amendment violations in-volving the deliberate targeting of groups for extra scrutiny based on their political beliefs—this Agency, the IRS, is long overdue for reform. 
The IRS Commissioner himself, John 
Koskinen, was quoted in Monday’s Washington Post as saying: ‘‘We cer-tainly can’t afford to have taxpayer service be any worse than it is, al-though it is hard to imagine it being much worse than it is.’’ That is a quote from the IRS Commissioner himself. When even the IRS Commissioner ad-mits the Agency’s taxpayer services can’t get much worse, that is a signal the Agency is ripe for reform. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, before I 
close, I would like to take a moment to talk about what I think is a bright spot for our economy, and that is bipartisan 
trade promotion authority. Previous free- and fair-trade agreements have been a boon to the economy, expanding opportunities for American workers and giving American farmers, such as many of those I represent in South Da-kota, and manufacturers access to new markets for their goods. Nearly every one of those trade agreements was ne-gotiated and enacted using trade pro-motion authority. 
The idea behind trade promotion au-
thority is very simple: Congress sets negotiating priorities for the adminis-tration and requires the administra-tion to consult with Congress during that negotiating process. In return, Congress promises a simple up-or-down vote on the legislation instead of a lengthy amendment process that could leave the final agreement looking nothing like what was negotiated. That up-or-down vote is the key. That is what gives our trading partners the confidence to put their best offers on the table, which allows for a successful conclusion of negotiations. 
Trade promotion authority expired in 
2007. Republicans have been trying to get it reauthorized ever since. Cur-rently, the administration is negoti-ating two key trade agreements—the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the United States-European Union trade agreement—that are unlikely to be concluded in the near future unless trade promotion authority is finally re-newed. These agreements will expand opportunities for American workers and open new markets for American goods. A bipartisan reauthorization of trade promotion authority will help bring those agreements to a speedy conclusion, and that will be good news for American workers and American businesses. 
The challenges facing our Nation are 
best solved when Members of both par-ties come together to find solutions for the American people. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on trade promotion authority and other issues that will grow our econ-omy, create better paying jobs for American workers, and increase the take-home pay of middle-income fami-lies in this country. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, yester-
day, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee reported the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015. To the surprise of many people, including me, it was unanimously reported, which makes me begin to wonder just how much Iran nuclear agreement review there will be in this act. 
I was an original cosponsor of the 
Corker-Menendez bill that would give Congress and the American people a voice in what is likely to be the most significant nuclear arms agreement in this decade. I think the likelihood, as 
we move toward the agreement, as it appears to be structured, is that it won’t be able to contain the desire of other people in the neighborhood—and maybe in other places in the world but certainly in the neighborhood—to be just as capable of producing a nuclear weapon as we allow Iran to be. 
Supporting this bill does mean that 
Congress really gives the opportunity for these negotiations to advance, not Congress putting the brakes on these negotiations. Specifically, the bill would give Congress the opportunity to review and weigh in on a deal that has already been made. It does appear to prohibit the administration from re-moving sanctions while Congress re-views and while Congress votes on a final deal, if that is what Congress de-cides to do. It doesn’t require Congress to vote, as I read it, but I look forward to having the people who unanimously voted for this in the Foreign Relations Committee explain how it really does involve the Congress as the Constitu-tion would suggest the Senate would be involved. This does permit removal of sanctions only if the Congress passes a joint resolution approving the agree-ment, I have been told. 
The new bill reported out of com-
mittee makes the following changes in the original bill. Under the new bill, the congressional review period isn’t going to be 60 days, it would be 30 days. The new bill removes the provision re-quiring the administration to certify to Congress that Iran is not providing material support to terrorists plotting against the homeland or against U.S. entities. 
We are continuing to be told: Well, 
that is a different topic. I don’t know why that is a different topic at all. A nuclear-capable Iran that is supporting terrorism is obviously more dangerous than a nuclear-capable Iran that is not supporting terrorism. The weapon that you can see being built, the weapon that would compare to weapons we may have built, and other powers, in the past was perhaps not nearly as dan-gerous as the weapon being built that could be used by some terrorist. 
This bill does appear to give Congress 
the ability to intervene but only to in-tervene after the parties have made the deal. I am not particularly offended by that. If this were a real treaty, the ad-ministration would obviously be nego-tiating that treaty and then would bring the treaty to the Senate for ap-proval, as the Constitution requires and as has happened over and over again on treaties involving nuclear ca-pacity, nuclear ability, nuclear build-up, or nuclear build-down. That is not a new thing for the Senate to deal with, but apparently nobody in the ad-ministration wants this to be this kind of treaty. Now, there is, apparently, a way to weigh in before it is imple-mented but in a way that I think we are going to have to look at very care-fully if and when that legislation comes to the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.003 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2191 April 15, 2015 
A nuclear-armed Iran, an Iran that is 
nuclear weapons capable—whether that is in 6 months or 12 months or mon-itored or unmonitored—is a major threat, in my view, to the United States. It is a major threat to our al-lies in the region. Lifting these sanc-tions only empowers Iran to have more influence in the region. The sanctions did bring Iran to the negotiating table, but they have been given a lot of breathing room since these negotia-tions started a couple of years ago. We wouldn’t be negotiating, I don’t think, if the sanctions hadn’t been working. 
With what has happened to oil prices, 
those sanctions would have had a more dramatic effect on the economy of a country in which we have every reason to believe the population is inclined to be very friendly toward the United States. They are educated, they are ca-pable, and they have long-term ties with many of their family members in this country. But, of course, the popu-lation is not in control of the country; the country is controlled by a small group who has only one view of how the world can work, and, frankly, that small group appears to have only one view of what they think about the United States of America. If you listen to the comments the Supreme Leader, the religious leader, makes over and over again, that view is dependably negative about our country and our people and our system of government and our ability to live side by side with each other. So we should be concerned about that. 
The agreement would allow them to 
continue to enrich uranium. It would allow them to retain centrifuges, which we said, by the way, we wouldn’t do. That was a point we wouldn’t negotiate away. It would allow them to continue to have thousands of centrifuges— something we also said we wouldn’t allow them to do. It would allow them to continue developing new and better and more sophisticated ways to enrich uranium, to weaponize, to have the ability to create a weapon. 
Frankly, it is not even clear what 
agreement has been agreed to. To lis-ten to our description of the agreement is a very different description of the framework. There is no agreement, ev-erybody agrees to that, but there is supposedly a framework. 
This framework would build two very 
different houses. If we listen to their description of the agreement and we listen to our description of the agree-ment, we are looking at very different things. 
This week, for example, the Supreme 
Leader saw this very differently than the President—the so-called deal—with respect to when the sanctions would be removed and what would be happening. 
President Obama and Secretary 
Kerry have put a tremendous amount of effort into reaching an agreement— in fact, such amount of effort that it has been clear from the very start of the negotiations who wanted an agree-ment the most. What hasn’t been clear and what isn’t clear to me is why we 
are so eager to just check the box and move on here, and assume that some-time in the next few years Iran will be-come a friendlier state and will not want to head in a bad direction. Not only does it head Iran in a nuclear- weapons direction, but it heads many other people in the neighborhood in the direction of wondering if they have this capacity, why wouldn’t we want to have this capacity? 
Most Americans don’t believe Iran 
will stick to a deal. Frankly, I have great questions about that myself. 
Whether the President likes it or not, 
this is an international agreement with wide-ranging consequences. The Con-gress and the American people have a role to play here. The Foreign Rela-tions Committee has made a proposal about what that role should be. But it seems to me that proposal is still a long way away from the constitutional protection that should be involved when we reach an agreement of this kind, or when we negotiate a treaty. 
A number of us sent a letter a few 
weeks ago which got a lot of attention. I thought the reaction to that letter was pretty interesting. 
The immediate reaction from the 
Secretary of State was: Well, this isn’t a treaty, it is just an agreement. The Senate doesn’t have to approve an agreement. The President would be bound by it, and it would be such a good agreement—according to the Sec-retary of State—that the next Presi-dent would want to be bound by it as well. 
This is a pretty significant moment 
to decide that we may or may not be bound by what is decided. 
The Iranian Foreign Minister then 
was able to give us some sense of his understanding. I think the phrase he said the next day was: We know inter-national law is what really matters here, not the law of any given country. 
I have been all over my State, as 
many of us have, in the last couple of weeks. I don’t think there is any court-house, any coffee shop, or any gath-ering of people in Missouri where they would say: Well, really, international law is what we care about. We don’t care about what the Constitution says when we are dealing with other coun-tries. 
Then 72 hours after that letter was 
sent, the President’s Chief of Staff said: Really, the President would prob-ably want to take this to the U.N., but he probably wouldn’t want to take it to the U.S. Senate. 
We will see how this debate goes on 
the proposal that the Foreign Affairs Committee is making, but it clearly does not bode in the direction of a trea-ty approved by two-thirds of the Mem-bers of the U.S. Senate. In my view, we are still a long way from a final agree-ment. 
There seems to be a lot of disagree-
ment as to what the framework means. But as we move toward that final agreement, our number one priority should be to do everything possible to 
prohibit Iran—whose influence in the world and the region is already dis-proportionate—from having the capac-ity to ever have a nuclear weapon. I hope our negotiators continue to keep that in mind, and I hope there is not nearly as much disagreement about the final agreement as there is about what the framework itself says. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
f 
THE BUDGET 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, later 
today, maybe as early as 11 o’clock or so, we are going to begin a discussion of the budget. As we know, the budget is a set of national priorities. A budget has to do with our vision of where America is and where America should be. We are now in the process of mov-ing the budget to a conference com-mittee between the House and the Sen-ate. 
When I think about a budget, I think 
about a document designed to address the problems facing our country. In that regard, I find the Republican budget that will likely pass to be to-tally inadequate, and a budget whose priorities are way, way out of place with where the American people are. 
When we talk about the needs of 
America, the most significant need and the most significant economic problem we face is that for 40 years the Amer-ican middle class has been in decline. Today we have over 40 million Ameri-cans living in poverty, almost more than at any time in the modern history of America. Our real unemployment is not 5
1⁄2percent; real unemployment is 
11 percent. And despite the modest gains of the Affordable Care Act, we still have 35 million Americans who have no health insurance. 
While millions of Americans work 
today longer hours for lower wages than used to be the case, despite a sig-nificant increase in productivity, what we are seeing as a nation is an obscene level of income and wealth inequality. That reality speaks to the fact that since the Wall Street crash of 2008, about 99 percent of all new income today is going to the top 1 percent. I know people find that amazing, but it is true. Which means that no matter what the GDP may be—2 percent, 5 per-cent—it doesn’t really matter, because virtually all the new income goes to the top 1 percent. 
In terms of distribution of wealth, 
what we are seeing in America today is worse and more unequal than any major country on Earth, and worse in America than at any time since the late 1920s. Today we have the top one- tenth of 1 percent owning more wealth than the bottom 90 percent. Unbeliev-
able—the top one-tenth of 1 percent owning more wealth than the bottom 90 percent. Today we have one family owning more wealth than the bottom 42 percent of the American people— that is, the Walton family of Walmart. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.004 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2192 April 15, 2015 
A recent report came out by Forbes 
magazine which pointed out—and this is almost beyond belief—that the wealthiest 14 people in this country, Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Koch broth-ers, others, saw their wealth increase between 2013 and 2015, a 2-year period, by $157 billion. That is just an increase in their wealth. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I will 
be back on the floor dealing with the budget as the ranking member, but I am happy to yield the floor at this point. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, for the 
last several weeks we have been trying to get unstuck on an important piece of legislation that would combat mod-ern-day slavery. 
At a time, I think most people were 
unaware of this phenomenon of sex trafficking primarily of teenaged girls between the ages of 12 and 14. I think the country has become much more aware about this scourge, this dark side to our culture and our society, and much more interested in trying to fig-ure out what we can do to address it. 
At a time when we are really begin-
ning to see some true bipartisan co-operation and progress here in the Sen-ate—and I say that because of things like the budget we passed last night, which was a very important piece of legislation we passed to reform Medi-care, particularly to improve access for our seniors to Medicare services per-formed by doctors and hospitals by making sure they had a predictable and sustainable reimbursement rate, and what happened yesterday in the For-eign Relations Committee, where we had a unanimous vote on Congress’s prerogative to represent our constitu-ents on having a voice on the very im-portant negotiations taking place be-tween Tehran and the United States and our allies on Iran’s aspirations for nuclear weapon. 
Then I think about other things that 
are happening that are encouraging here, after a long period of stagnation and dysfunction over the last 2 years. I think we are on the cusp of a break-through on trade. Why in the world wouldn’t we want to be open to mar-kets when basically 80 percent of the purchasing power of the world and 95 percent of the world’s population lies outside of our shores? Why wouldn’t we want to open those markets to our farmers and ranchers and our manufac-turers—people who grow things and who make things—and wouldn’t that be great for our economy and job cre-ation? 
So imagine my surprise when after 
these past few weeks we have been stuck on something that has enjoyed such broad bipartisan support as com-bating human trafficking. Senator 
after Senator has come to the floor and talked about this and why we ought to act to do something about it. 
Just to refresh everyone’s memory, 
what we are trying to do is pass the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. What it would do is create a victims compensation fund, in essence, from the fines and the penalties assessed against people who are engaging in child pornography and other sex-re-lated crimes. In other words, it would address the demand side, and take the money from fines and penalties as-sessed against the demand side and use that to help the victims—to help them be rescued, and to help them heal and get on with their lives. 
This legislation has enjoyed broad 
support outside of these Chambers. More than 200 different organizations— law enforcement organizations, victims rights organizations, faith-based groups, people who want to lend a help-ing hand to provide beds and a secure place to stay while people heal. Unfor-tunately, there is just not enough money. There is a huge need across America for the resources this legisla-tion would provide. We estimate, based on historic data, that there could be as much as $30 million generated from the fines and penalties associated with the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act that would then be available to be granted by the Department of Justice to help these victims. 
So imagine my surprise when after 
Senator after Senator on both sides of the aisle endorsed this legislation—I think at last count we had 30 cospon-sors, an almost equal number on the Democratic side as the Republican side. Then this legislation sailed through the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee and got the unanimous vote of all Democrats and all Republicans. Then it came to the floor, and at least initially we bypassed the traditional procedures to bring legislation to the floor because all 100 Senators agreed that this was important enough and significant enough and urgent enough that we needed to act on it quickly. 
So imagine my surprise when, all of a 
sudden, it was brought to my attention that some people objected to a provi-sion in the legislation known as the Hyde amendment, which has been the law of the land for 39 years. 
To refresh everybody’s memory, in 
the very polarizing debate over abor-tion, this is the one consensus item that has been the law of the land for 39 years that Republicans and Democrats have voted for repeatedly. What it says is that no taxpayer dollars can be used to fund abortion except in the case of rape or in the case of the mother’s health. Those are basically the excep-tions. Do you know what? I cannot imagine that those exceptions would not apply in the vast majority of cases involving human trafficking because tragically they do involve rape, cer-tainly sexual assault of a minor who is incapable by virtue of their tender age, unable to legally consent, and cer-
tainly people who are coerced into this sort of activity who do not want to be. 
Notwithstanding the fact that the 
Hyde amendment itself would provide broad exceptions to provide health care services to the very victims we are talking about, some of our colleagues across the aisle said that what this bill does is it expands the Hyde amend-ment. The way it does it, they claim, is that it now would apply to the fines and penalties that would be assessed on criminals, primarily child pornog-raphers, consumers, purveyors, and other people guilty of various sexual 
crimes. They claim that is somehow an expansion of the Hyde provision. 
This is getting more and more baf-
fling because actually last night, in an overwhelming vote—I think it was 92 votes in favor of the so-called doc fix and also funding community health centers and an extension of the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program—the very same Hyde-type provision that was contained in the bill we voted on last night is contained in the amend-ment we are going to vote on tomorrow on the Senate floor. If this provision is good enough for doctors and hospitals, why in the world isn’t it good enough for victims of human sex trafficking? I think the answer is obvious: It is and it should be. 
In an effort to try to get us unstuck 
in order to try to catch a wave based on what we are doing generally here in the Senate—finally being productive and making things work—I have tried to take something that virtually all Democrats have voted for previously and to put that in the bill in order to eliminate their cause for concern. I am not going to question at this point whether it is a legitimate complaint. I, frankly, disagree. But let’s get on with getting the bill passed and getting something important done. 
This morning, I heard a familiar ar-
gument that was made by the Demo-cratic leader, Senator R
EID. The good 
news is that I have made a change in the legislation that would directly ad-dress what the Democratic leader said is their main objection. Here is their objection. I don’t agree with it, but here is what it is and here is what I have done to try to address it. Their claim is that the fines and penalties are private dollars, not public dollars, and that attaching the Hyde language to those fines and penalties is somehow an expansion of the Hyde provision. 
As I said, I disagree with that, but 
what I would ask my colleagues to do is look at page 3 of the legislation, lines 3 through 7. What we have done to address their concern is to say that no longer will the fines and penalties asso-ciated with this fund be directly appro-priated and paid out in grants to the victims of human trafficking. Instead, what page 3 of our amendment says— which we will vote on tomorrow, S. 178—this paragraph is entitled ‘‘Trans-fers.’’ It says: 
In a manner consistent with section 3302(b) 
of title 31, there shall be transferred to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.006 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2193 April 15, 2015 
Fund from the General Fund of the Treasury 
an amount equal to the amount of the as-sessments collected under this section, which shall remain available until expended. 
What we tried to do in order to main-
tain the status quo on the Hyde amend-ment is say that the money which will actually be used to help the victims will now come from the general fund. It will be an amount equal to the fines and penalties that were going to be available under the original bill. But because of the objection, because of the stated concern, we are trying to find a way to get unstuck and keep our focus on these victims and not on some phan-tom objection based on—again, I am not going to reargue here today; I am just going to say we need to get this done, and this provision does that. 
Mr. President, may I ask what the 
order of business is? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
reserved for the majority under morn-ing business has expired. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for an additional 5 minutes to speak in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I will 
wrap up. 
As I have told a number of our col-
leagues across the aisle who believe passionately in the importance of this topic, I think this amendment we will vote on tomorrow addresses their stat-ed concerns. It certainly addresses the concerns stated by the Democratic leader this morning. 
I would just say that of all the Sen-
ators on the other side of the aisle who agreed to cosponsor this legislation, who previously objected to voting on the bill and passing it—I would ask them to please take a close look at that provision. Again, page 3, lines 3 through 7 of my amendment now would provide that instead of the fines and penalties being directly appropriated into these programs for grant purposes, that money would come from a general fund of the Treasury in an equivalent amount of the fines and penalties. So, money being fungible, there is no loss of funds, but what we have done is we have tried to address their concerns, I think in a way that eliminates them. 
All the Senators who cosponsored 
this legislation, for which I am very grateful—Senator K
LOBUCHAR , Senator 
WYDEN , Senator C OONS , Senator U DALL , 
Senator C ASEY , Senator F EINSTEIN , 
Senator G ILLIBRAND , Senator 
HEITKAMP , Senator S CHUMER , Senator 
BLUMENTHAL , Senator P ETERS , and 
Senator D URBIN —I hope all of our 
Democratic friends who previously ob-jected based on the original provision will take a look at this change because it does directly address their stated concerns. 
Let’s get this done. We will vote on 
this tomorrow. But I would rather not wait for that time. I would rather try to get this done today if we can. We might be able to do that by agreement if everyone agrees that this provision, this change, addresses those stated 
concerns. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I move to 
close morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Morning business is closed. 
f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON 
THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask the 
Chair to lay before the Senate the mes-sage from the House requesting a con-ference on S. Con. Res. 11, the budget resolution. 
The Presiding Officer laid before the 
Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the House insist upon its 
amendment to the resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) entitled ‘‘Concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary lev-els for fiscal years 2017 through 2025.’’, and ask a conference with the Senate on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon. 
Ordered, That Mr. Tom Price of Georgia, 
Mr. Rokita, Mr. Diaz-Balart, Mrs. Black, Mr. Moolenaar, Mr. Van Hollen, Mr. Yarmuth, and Ms. Moore be the managers of the con-ference on the part of the House. 
Mr. ENZI. I move to disagree in the 
House amendment, agree to the request by the House for a conference, and au-thorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is pending. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to 
make some comments about the budget and the process. 
Last month, the Senate Budget Com-
mittee took an important first step in helping to change the way we do busi-ness in Washington by reporting out a balanced budget. This is crucial as we begin to restore the trust of the Amer-ican people. 
This week, we will take the next step 
and start to work on a joint balanced budget resolution with our colleagues in the House that will expand Amer-ica’s economy and increase opportuni-ties for hard-working families. A bal-anced budget approved by Congress will help make the government live within its means and set spending limits for our Nation. A balanced budget will also boost the Nation’s economic output by more than $500 billion over the next 10 years. That is according to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office. Why the urgency? Hard-working fam-
ilies are fed up with the President’s spend-now-pay-later policy and are closely following our efforts to produce a balanced budget. Senate Democrats could only muster two budgets in 8 years, and we will soon have one after only 4 months. It is time to show tax-payers that Congress is committed to a balanced budget to make our govern-ment more effective and accountable, but we are running out of time. 
Recent media reports note that the 
lawmakers in 27 States have passed ap-plications for a constitutional conven-tion to approve a balanced budget amendment. I have to add that there are new applications to do that same amendment in nine other States, and they are close behind. 
Now, if just seven of those nine 
States approve moving forward on the balanced budget issue, it would bring the number of applications to 34 States. This would mean the two-thirds requirement under Article V of the Constitution would force Congress to take action. It is no wonder hard-work-ing taxpayers across the country are feeling anxious. 
Federal revenues have hit record 
highs. Yet we are on track to over-spend by nearly $1 trillion a year. I think we are at the $560 billion level of overspending this year. 
How much does Congress get to make 
decisions on? Congress spends about $4 trillion a year, but only gets to make decisions on $1
1⁄10trillion. Now, if we 
overspend by over $500 billion, we are spending half more than what we take in. No family can exist very long by spending half more than they take in year after year after year. 
We looked at the President’s budget 
and the President increases taxes by $2
1⁄10trillion and still gets a wider and 
wider and wider gap of overspending as time goes by to that trillion-dollar mark out there in 10 years. 
Just this week, headlines around the 
country reported: ‘‘Budget Deficit in U.S. Widens as Spending Exceeds Record Revenue.’’ 
On Monday, the Treasury Depart-
ment reported that spending by the Federal Government exceeded its rev-enue by more than $439 billion from Oc-tober through March, which is $26 bil-lion more compared to the same period last year. In fact, CBO is forecasting that for March our Nation spent more than $44 billion, up 19 percent from last year. We are getting more money, and we are spending more money. 
American taxpayers understand we 
overspend. The more we overspend, the more debt we owe, and the more debt our children and grandchildren will owe. In fact, we have done this so con-sistently that it is not just our grand-children and our children who are faced with the crisis, it is us as well—every-body in America. 
I mentioned that we get to make de-
cisions on $1
1⁄10trillion dollars a year, 
which is $1,100 billion. If anybody knows how big $1 billion is, they know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.008 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2194 April 15, 2015 
how big $1,100 billion is. But that is all 
we get to make decisions on. 
The amount of interest we paid last 
year was $235 billion. Interest doesn’t buy you a thing, but we spent $235 bil-
lion on interest. Now, that is pretty close to 1 percent for the fee for that borrowing. So if $235 billion is 1 percent interest, what would the normal 5 per-cent cost? Every single dime we get to make a decision on. That means no de-fense, no education, no HELP. Every-thing will be by the wayside just so we can pay the interest on our debt. That is why we have to be concerned about the overspending that is happening. 
American taxpayers understand that 
the more we overspend, the more debt we owe and the more debt our children and grandchildren owe. If that tax rate goes up, we will soon be responsible for paying off that debt at the expense of everything else America expects. This is why Republicans in Congress are fo-cused on passing a balanced budget that will ensure that Washington will once again live within its means, just like hard-working families do every day. 
Now, we don’t get that balance for 10 
years, but it moves toward that goal every year. Ten years is too long. For next year’s budget, we are going to have to figure out better things to do to get it back into a framework where our interest will not exceed our ex-penditures. That is the interest exceed-ing the expenditures, not the revenue, and again we had a record revenue. That is why we are focused on passing a balanced budget, just like hard-work-ing families do every day. 
What does the Senate-passed budget 
do? Well, here is what it does: It bal-ances the budget in 10 years with no tax hikes. It protects our most vulner-able citizens. It strengthens the na-tional defense. It improves job growth and opportunity for hard-working fam-ilies. It slows the rate of spending growth. 
Now, it doesn’t recede the spending 
growth, it slows the spending growth. That is the best we have ever been able to do in Washington. When we talk about a cut in Washington, what we are talking about is giving them less than what they asked for, not less than what they have. 
It preserves Social Security by reduc-
ing spending in other areas to fully off-set Social Security’s rising deficit and encourages our Nation’s leaders to begin a bipartisan, bicameral discus-sion on how to protect Social Security and avoid the across-the-board Social Security benefit cuts that will occur later under the law unless we take ac-tion, but that is something that has to be done jointly. There would be too much blame otherwise, and as far as the budget, the reason we have to pre-serve Social Security by reducing spending in other areas to offset Social Security is because we are not allowed to do anything with Social Security in the budget. 
This budget will also protect our sen-
iors by safeguarding Medicare from in-solvency and extending the life of the 
Medicare trust fund by 5 years. It en-sures Medicare savings in the Presi-dent’s health care law and makes sure those savings are dedicated to Medi-care. If it comes from Medicare, it ought to go back to Medicare instead of seeing it go to more overspending on new programs that are outside of Medi-care. 
Our balanced budget continues fund-
ing for the Children’s Health Insurance Program and creates a new program based on CHIP to serve low-income, working-age, able-bodied adults and children who are eligible for Medicaid. 
It increases State flexibility in de-
signing benefits and administering Medicaid Programs to encourage effi-ciency and reduce wasteful spending, and it provides stable and predictable funding so long-term services and sup-port are sustainable both for the Fed-eral Government and the States. 
As the Senate and House begin budg-
et negotiations next week, it is worth noting that the strong economic growth a balanced budget can provide will serve as the foundation for helping all Americans grow and prosper. 
One of the goals of a Republican bal-
anced budget is to make our govern-ment more efficient, more effective, and more accountable. If Congress does its job, we can have some flexibility and eliminate what is not working, starting with the worst first, and then we can eliminate and streamline what is left. 
The reason I emphasized ‘‘the worst 
first’’ is because one of the things we talk about constantly is the need to prevent the sequester. In some cases, it is absolutely essential to prevent a se-quester, but the sequester should have been done in the efficient way of elimi-nating the worst first. Instead, there was a memo that went out that said: Make it hurt. That should never hap-pen in America. That is why we saw some of the decisions that came down that seemed pretty ridiculous. 
One of the decisions that affected 
Wyoming was—I hope everybody will come and see the Grand Tetons—mar-velous mountains that look like part of the Alps were transplanted over there and made a little bit taller. A lot of people like to stop and take pictures there regardless of the season—whether it is snow covered or the aspens are golden in the foreground or whether ev-erything is lush and green, and, of course, you see wildlife all through that valley. Naturally, people like to stop and take pictures. 
Well, a bunch of signs were printed 
up that said you cannot use the turn-outs. A bunch of barricades were bought so you could not pull onto the turnout, and the sign said it would be illegal to park along the highway. 
Where did the money come from for 
the barricades? Where did the money come for the signs that said we could not use the parking lots to take pic-tures? Well, I called to find out whose brilliant idea that was and why park-ing lots would be closed, and I was told 
that there would not be any garbage pickup. I suggested they just remove the garbage cans. 
When people in Wyoming and across 
the Nation visit a national park, they can haul their garbage another 20 miles before they throw it out. That way the beautiful vista could still be photo-graphed instead of people still parking along the highways to take those pic-tures and then getting ticketed. That is just one small example of cutting the most important first instead of the worst first. I am sure there are exam-ples in every State. 
It didn’t just happen with facilities 
like that. The people at Head Start came to see me and said they got a 7.5- percent cut in the sequester. It was supposed to be 2.3 percent. 
How did it get to 7.5 percent? After 
checking into it, it appears the Wash-ington bureaucracy decided to keep more than their share of the money in-stead giving it to the kids across Amer-ica who were supposed to have it. It did get restored, but the discouraging part was that when I asked the people who talked to me before how things were going, they said: Well, we got the extra money, but in order to meet the em-ployer requirements in Wyoming for ObamaCare, we had to spend all of that money, so none of the kids happened to go back to Head Start. That was very disappointing. That is not the way to run a government and it is not the way to run a business. It should never have happened. 
We need a budget that can eliminate 
waste and streamline what is left and start with the worst first. 
Of course, another of my suggestions 
is that we have a biannual budget. Mr. President, $1,100 billion is too much money to look at in 1 year. Twelve bills to allocate that money to the dif-ferent agencies are too many bills for us to handle in 1 year, particularly if they are going to get scrutiny. 
I suggested we write the number of 
bills that we do and separate them into two packages of six and that we do the six tough ones right after the election, because we have a little more appetite for doing them then, and the six easy ones just before an election. Then we would be able to get all 12 of them and be able to scrutinize all 12 of them. 
Why is that important? Well, in 
going through this budget process—and like I said, I only had about 8 weeks to start to put the budget together—one of the things I discovered was that we have a whole bunch of programs that are out of authorization. The ability to spend for them has expired, but that doesn’t stop us from spending on them. It should at least constrain us a little bit. 
Some of those programs go back to 
1983. They expired in 1983, 1987, and on up to the present day. How many of them? Two hundred and sixty pro-grams. There were 260 programs that we haven’t looked at to see if we ought to continue to spend money on them or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.010 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2195 April 15, 2015 
if we ought to revise how we have been 
spending the money. If they have ex-pired—most of them had been in exist-ence for 6 years before they expired, and in those 6 years, we should have been able to find if there were any flaws or changes. Hopefully, there was somebody who was looking out for it and found some efficiencies that helped with the spending. 
So there were 260 programs. Do we 
know how much that amounts to that we are still spending and there is no authority to spend? It is $293 billion a year. That is a year. Usually, when we talk about the budget we are talking about over 10 years. So that would only be $29 billion a year if it were over 10 years, but it is not. It is $293 billion a year of expired authorizations, expired permissions to spend money. We have to get that corrected as well. 
One of the ways we can do that is 
through a biennial budget, so that we 
are looking at half of them in a year instead of everything the government does every year. The dollars have got-ten so big that we can’t get through them efficiently, effectively, and scru-tinizing them as good accounting in a year. 
There is one exception on that, which 
is that we look at defense every year. Defense is the most important con-stitutional requirement given to this body. So we would continue to do that each year. Incidentally, defense is the one authorization that is not out of au-thorization, and that is because we do it every year. I don’t know how many decades we have done the authoriza-tion—the permission for spending—for defense. 
Another troubling situation I discov-
ered through this process was that there are some items that are not au-thorized that were in defense that we are spending money on anyway. I get comments from the people on the com-mittee that looks over defense saying: How can they spend that money when we just did an authorization that said no, that is not one of the authorized items? So there are some problems we need to definitely work on with budg-ets. That is what we have done while putting this budget together, in trying to eliminate some of the inconsist-encies we have, but we have not touched that $293 billion in unauthor-ized spending. 
So when people say we need more 
money for the nondefense items, I want them to take a look at that $293 billion and see if they can’t find $29 billion, $90 billion, whatever, out of $293 billion that they think might be more effec-tively spent in a different way. 
I know when I came to Congress 
there were 119 preschool children’s pro-grams. Everybody has ideas for pre-school programs, and they are good ideas. We know that if we teach kids better before they go to school, they do better in school, there are fewer drop-outs, there is less crime, and the whole world is better. 
There were 119 programs. Senator 
Kennedy and I worked on that, and we got it down to 69 programs. The ones 
we got rid of are the ones that were under our jurisdiction. So that left a whole bunch more. In the meantime, I have been able to work that down to 35 programs. And in the child care grant program last year, I got an amendment passed—it was one of 14 amendments that we considered—which required 
that those 35 go down to just 5 and that all 5 be put under 1 department. I am hoping that is what the administration is doing. That would save enough money to fund the truly preschool edu-cation programs really well, and that is what we need to do. There is a lot of money right there. 
So if Congress does its job, we can 
have some flexibility and eliminate what isn’t working, starting with the worst first, and then we can eliminate waste and streamline what is left. But to do this, first, Congress must do what it has not done in the past 8 years. It has to scrutinize every dollar for which they have a responsibility. If govern-ment programs are not delivering re-sults, they should be improved, and if they are not needed, they should be eliminated. It is time to prioritize and demand results from our government programs. When these programs are re-authorized, I am hoping there is a ma-trix in there that says this is what we plan to do and this is how we will know if we got it done. Then we will have an easy evaluation of whether they are getting their job done. That is mostly what happens in the private sector, and it is an efficient way of doing it in the public sector as well. 
I have made enough speeches about 
efficiency in government that I had someone come up to me and say: I hate to say this, but the job I am doing isn’t worth having anybody do. He said: I am reluctant to mention it because if they eliminate that job, I am probably fired. Well, I took his suggestion, and I spoke to the right people and that job got eliminated, and he got promoted. That is what has to happen. We have to take the people who are innovative in gov-ernment, who are figuring out ways to do things better and more efficiently and more effectively and move them into the positions where they can real-ly do the job. 
So that is what I am counting on. In 
the coming weeks, hard-working tax-payers will get to see something they have not had the chance to experience in the last 8 years, and that is an open and transparent legislative process. We are starting that process today with the appointment of the conferees for the conference committees, and we will have amendments this afternoon. Mem-bers of Congress from both the House and the Senate will come together as part of the Senate-House budget com-mittee to create a balanced budget that will boost our Nation’s economic output and help restore the promise of a government that is more effective and that will put more people to work. 
A balanced budget will allow Ameri-
cans to spend more time working hard to grow their businesses or to advance 
their jobs, instead of worrying about taxes and inefficient and ineffective regulations. Most importantly, it means every American who wants to find a good-paying job and a fulfilling career has the opportunity to do just that. 
I look forward to joining my col-
leagues in both the Senate and the House—Republicans and Democrats—as we take this next step to deliver a gov-ernment that is more accountable to each and every American. 
I yield the floor and reserve the re-
mainder of my time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me 
applaud Senator E NZIand his staff for 
their very hard work. 
I certainly agree with Senator E NZI 
that we need a government that is ac-countable, that we need to get rid of waste in government, and that we need to get rid of duplicative programs. I don’t think there is any debate on that. I look forward to working with Senator E
NZIand others to make that happen. 
However, the Republican budget is far, far more than that. 
Today, I rise in strong opposition to 
the motion to go to conference on the budget resolution. 
The budget resolution the Senate 
passed on March 27 moves this country in exactly the wrong direction, and the House budget resolution, in many re-spects, is even worse. The Federal budget is more than just a long list of numbers, although God knows there is a long list of numbers in the budget. The Federal budget is about our na-tional priorities and about our values. It is about how we assess the problems facing our country, of which there are many—and I am not sure Senator E
NZI 
would disagree with me if I laid it out—and how we go forward in address-ing the problems on which there is a fundamental divide. That is what the Senate is now dealing with. What are the problems facing our country and how do we move forward? 
Let me begin by saying that despite 
the modest gains of the Affordable Care Act, there remain in this country 35 million Americans who have no health insurance. That means that when they 
get sick, they may not be able to go to the doctor or they may end up going to the emergency room at very high cost. 
I have spoken with doctors all over 
this country who tell me that when people don’t have health insurance, be-cause they delay going to the doctor, sometimes by the time they go into the doctor’s office, it is too late. The doc-tor says: Why didn’t you come in here 6 months ago when you noticed your symptoms? And they say: I don’t have any health insurance; I couldn’t afford it. So we are losing tens of thousands of people every single year who die— die—or become much sicker than they should be because they don’t have health insurance. 
The United States remains the only 
major country on Earth that doesn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.012 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2196 April 15, 2015 
guarantee health care to all people. 
Thirty-five million Americans have no health insurance. What is the Repub-lican solution to this problem? Well, it is a brilliant idea. They are going to end the Affordable Care Act and make $440 billion worth of cuts to Medicaid, which will result in 27 million Ameri-cans losing their health insurance on top of the 35 million we already have uninsured. 
I know the newspapers are not par-
ticularly interested in it. We won’t see it on network TV. That is the reality. They don’t deny it. There are 16 mil-lion people covered by the Affordable Care Act who would lose their health insurance because this bill ends it. Then, a $440 billion cut to Medicaid, and another 11 million gone. Sixteen plus 11 is 27 million Americans. What is the idea? What happens to those peo-ple? How many of them die? How many of them suffer? It is not an issue for them. They are working on something. They have been working on something for about 15 years for health care. If it hasn’t happened in 16 years, it isn’t going to happen. 
That is what is in this budget. This budget denies over 2.3 million 
young adults the right to stay on their parents’ health insurance plan until the age of 26. We used to have this ab-surd situation. My wife and I have health insurance to cover our kids, but when they turn 18, they are not on our plan. It is gone. Right now, young peo-ple are on the plan until they are 26. It is gone under this Republican budget. 
We finally overcame a situation that 
is so vulgar it is hard to imagine that it existed in America, and that is that people who have serious illnesses such as cancer, heart disease or diabetes would walk into an insurance office and say: I need insurance. The insur-ance company would say: Oh, we can’t cover you for your diabetes, your heart disease, your cancer because it is a pre-existing condition and we don’t want to pay out all of that money if it re-curs. 
Think about that, how crazy that is. 
What do people want insurance for? They want insurance to cover their needs. If I had breast cancer or colon cancer 5 years ago, sure, I want to make sure my insurance company cov-ers that. It is a preexisting condition. Under the Affordable Care Act, we did away with that discrimination. That would come back. So all Americans who have serious health illnesses: Know that if what they put into this budget goes into effect, insurance com-panies can reject you. 
Not only has this Republican budget 
ended the Affordable Care Act and made $440 billion in cuts to Medicaid, it would also increase prescription drug prices for 4 million seniors and persons with disabilities who are on Medicare Part D by reopening the doughnut hole. That means that at a time when senior poverty is increasing and so many seniors in Vermont—I speak to them all the time and I suspect it is the same in Wyoming or maybe not— 
are saying: I am living on $13,000, $14,000 a year; I have to heat my home in the winter—if you live in Vermont, you do—I have to buy food; I have to pay for medicine; I can’t do it all. So we closed the so-called doughnut hole, which means that seniors would not have to pay out-of-pocket for their pre-scription drugs. The Republican budget reopens the hole. All over this country, seniors will be paying more for their prescription drugs. 
The Republican budget not only un-
dertakes a vast attack on health care in this country, which will decimate life for millions of people, but then on another issue of great consequence, education, it is equally bad. 
A couple of months ago in my State 
of Vermont I held three townhall meet-ings at colleges and universities in the State to talk to young people about the cost of college and about student debt. In Vermont—and I suspect in the other 49 States as well—we have fami-lies who are struggling to afford to send their kids to college, and then we have others who are leaving college terribly deep in debt. Just yesterday, I was flying here from Burlington, VT, and I sat next to a woman who said her six kids went to college and graduate school, and all of them are deeply in debt. 
So clearly, what a sensible budget 
does is two things. It says, first, how do we make college affordable so that young people will be able to get a high-er education; and second of all, when they graduate, how do we lower stu-dent debt, which is today so oppres-sive? 
The Republican budget does exactly 
the opposite. What the Republican budget does is cut $90 billion over 10 years in Pell grants. Pell grants are the major Federal program making it possible for low-income and working- class families to get grants to go to college. This would increase the cost of college education to more than 8 mil-lion Americans. Think about it. Our job is to lower the cost of college; this budget increases it. 
At a time when working-class fami-
lies in Vermont and all over this coun-try are having a hard time finding good quality, affordable preschool childcare, the Republican budget makes signifi-cant cuts in Head Start which means that 110,000 fewer children would be able to enroll in that program. Under the Republican budget, 1.9 million fewer students would receive the aca-demic health they need to succeed in school by cutting about $12 billion in cuts to the title I education program. Dropout rates in low-income commu-nities all over this country for high school kids are atrocious. The Repub-lican budget cuts significantly the funding that we put into public schools in low-income communities. 
At a time when the middle class is 
disappearing and we have more people living in poverty today than at almost any time in modern American history, today there are millions of families 
who are struggling to put food on the table. I know maybe on Capitol Hill people don’t know that, but that is a reality. People are making 9 or 10 bucks an hour. They have a few kids. They are having a very difficult time affording food—basic nutrition. We have an estimated 40 million people 
that are what they call ‘‘food inse-cure.’’ That means people who on any given week, any given month, depend-ing on what is happening, have a hard time feeding their families. The Repub-lican budget would make massive cuts in nutrition programs in this country by, among other things, cutting $10 bil-lion to the Women, Infants and Chil-dren Program over the next decade. 
I honestly have a hard time hearing 
people talk about family values and how much they love families and chil-dren, and you have a program which has done a really good job in terms of prenatal care for pregnant woman, making sure they get the health care and the nutrition they need, making sure their babies get the care they need. Who really thinks we should cut these programs? What kind of Nation are we or what kind of Senate are we that people would vote to cut these programs—not to mention massive cuts in the food stamp program. 
But in the midst of all of these dev-
astating cuts in health care, education, and nutrition that impacts working families, the Republican budget does something else which is quite incred-ible. And I suspect that people who are listening are saying: B
ERNIE SANDERS  
is being partisan; he is not telling the truth; it really can’t be this bad. One of the problems we have is convincing people this is reality. This is reality. This is the Republican budget. I know the media doesn’t write about it much, but that is what it is. In addition to making cuts to health care, nutrition, education, other programs, what else do they do? 
At a time when the wealthiest 400 
Americans—400 Americans—paid a tax rate of 16.7 percent in 2012, at a time when hedge fund managers pay a lower effective tax rate than working fami-lies, truckdrivers, and nurses, what the Republican budget does based on an amendment they did abolishes the es-tate tax. The estate tax provides a $269 billion tax break. For whom? For the middle class? Good. Low-income peo-ple? That is great. Not so. This repeal of the estate tax applies to the wealthi-est—not 1 percent, but the top two- tenths of 1 percent. Republicans passed a tax proposal which impacts the top two-tenths of 1 percent and leaves nothing for 99.8 percent of Americans. Cut education, cut health care, cut nu-trition, and give the tax breaks to bil-lionaires. By repealing the estate tax, the average tax breaks for multi-millionaires and billionaires would be about $3 million. 
When you go around Vermont and 
you go around America, do people say: Hey, what we really need, what our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.013 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2197 April 15, 2015 
major priority is, is not to feed the 
hungry, not to make college affordable, not to create jobs, but to give a tax break to billionaires? That is in their budget. 
Not only do they give a huge tax 
break to the wealthy—what else do they do? They raise taxes on low-in-come and working families—folks who do not make a whole lot of campaign contributions. What the Republican budget does is increase taxes by not ex-tending the benefits we put into the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit. It allows those additional benefits to expire, which means that low-income and moderate-income fami-lies will pay more in taxes. 
In fact, we estimate that tax hike for 
low-income and middle-income fami-lies will be about $900 apiece for more than 13 million families. Raise taxes to low- and moderate-income families and lower taxes for billionaires. Anybody believe those are the priorities that should be in a budget for the American people? 
I will have more to say about this 
budget later. But the Republican budg-et does not address the significant problems facing America: how we cre-ate the millions of jobs we need, how we raise the minimum wage to a living wage, how we address pay equity so women workers don’t make 78 cents on the dollar compared to men, how we re-build our crumbling infrastructure. It doesn’t address any of those issues. But what it does is make a bad situation worse. I would hope that my colleagues would have the courage to stand up to Wall Street, to stand up to the big money interests, and start defending the working families of this country and vote no on this resolution. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time? 
The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, as part of 
this discussion, I want to mention something that was very significant that happened last night. It happened after the press went to bed, I think, but a very important thing, and that is a thing called the doc fix passed. The SGR passed this body last night in a very bipartisan way, after a series of amendments that were open floor amendments. That is what is supposed to happen around here. 
One of the reasons I mention that is, 
I have always said if you can’t see a doctor, you don’t have insurance at all. With the way we have been setting up Medicare payments for doctors, we have been driving them out of the pro-fession. We have been eliminating doc-tors. We have been having doctors tell their kids don’t become a doctor, be-cause of what Congress is doing, hold-ing them hostage every 6 months. That got taken care of last night. 
I don’t know, we have been doing 
that for, I think, about 18 years, just 1 fix at a time. So it is nice that we are finally able to make that permanent. I mentioned that was Medicare. This 
is the first budget the Republicans have gotten to participate in in many years, but the Democrats got to work on the health care bill, and that was part of their budget. In fact, it was part of the reconciliation in the budg-et, which is a special way of passing something without 60 votes. In that 
budget they took $714 billion from Medicare, and they didn’t put it into Medicare. There were just some com-ments about how the budget I worked on has a little over $400 million of Medicare savings. That Medicare sav-ings is what the President suggested should be done in Medicare savings, and we put that Medicare savings back into Medicare. That is the only way you can save the fund. 
So we have taken into consideration 
a lot of these issues. The cost of col-lege—I have been through numerous hearings in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. I used to be chairman of the committee and I have been ranking member of the com-mittee, and I expired my time as rank-ing member on that committee, but we did a lot of hearings on the cost of col-lege. Probably the biggest suggestion I can have for people living in the East is send your kids West. 
I was checking to see why more peo-
ple couldn’t get into community col-lege on the east coast. I am not talking about the big colleges, which also have a very big problem on the number of students they can take and are very se-lective in what they take, but I found out that most of the community col-leges were filled out here. Con-sequently, some for-profit colleges were able to charge considerably more than community college and we looked into ways to eliminate that practice. Of course, the way it got eliminated, if you did that to the public colleges as well, we would put them out of busi-ness. But I would mention that it is less expensive for an out-of-State stu-dent to go to the University of Wyo-ming or one of our community colleges than it is to get in-State tuition in most of the places in the United States. 
There was a mention of estate tax. 
That is a recommendation that was put in as a deficit-neutral measure. I am not sure where the raising the taxes on the poor comes from, except for the comment that the extensions that we do annually on that weren’t in there. There is a good reason why those aren’t in there. We have provided a reconcili-ation instruction that would allow for tax reform, although the chairman of the committee said we are going to do that in a bipartisan way. 
We are going to have tax reform that 
will take care of fairness and sim-plicity and accountability in our tax system. This is a particularly impor-tant time to talk about that. Today is tax day, and I hope everybody in Amer-ica has or will file their taxes today. I know there has been some difficulty getting through on the lines to be able to talk to the IRS about tax problems, 
and I want to chastise the IRS a little bit for that. They are trying to show they need more money, instead of allo-cating personnel to where they are really needed. If they answer more questions right now, they don’t have as many things they have to do later, and they will collect more money than if they don’t answer those questions. The proper committee needs to take a look at whether they have adequate revenue to do their job, but again, there are in-efficiencies there. They are talking about needing more money because when they audit, they are able to get $4 to $6 for every dollar they spend. They should be embarrassed. Public auditors in a company expect to get $15 to $20 per dollar that they audit. They have got to come up with a better selection procedure for who needs to be audited, and go after the big bucks. There are a number of things the IRS ought to do. 
When I first came to Washington, I 
tried to talk to different agencies about inefficiencies they had. I was a freshman, so I had a lot of time to do some of those things. One of the agen-cies I wanted to look at as an account-ant was the IRS. As a result of some of my meetings at the IRS, we had some hearings here about being taxpayer friendly. People might recall that the people who served as witnesses in the past had to be voice-modulated behind screens. That should not happen in America. We should have a tax system that people can comply with without the gestapo kinds of tactics that are sometimes used. 
So we need to do something to make 
our tax system more efficient, more ac-countable, and fairer. I am convinced that Senator H
ATCH and Senator 
WYDEN , the chairman and the ranking 
member of the committee, are going to do some things on taxes, and I think the American people will like it. They are past due. They can end those com-plications and get more accountability, which will make the IRS’s job a lot easier and also make it better for hard- working taxpayers in America. 
So there are a lot of things a budget 
can do. I am hoping we will do them. 
I yield the floor and reserve the re-
mainder of my time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me 
just pick up on a couple of the points my friend from Wyoming, Senator E
NZI, made. The Republicans often say, 
and Senator E NZIsaid it now, that 
Democrats cut $714 billion from Medi-care. To the best of my knowledge, not one penny involved in those cuts cut any benefits to the American people. 
What the Affordable Care Act at-
tempted to do—and maybe we made some progress, as Senator E
NZIpointed 
out, last night with the so-called doc fix—is to make Medicare more effi-cient. What is wrong with that? What is wrong with saving money? What the American people want us to do is make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.014 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2198 April 15, 2015 
programs more efficient. In fact, Sen-
ator E NZIwas talking about that a mo-
ment ago. He is right. But the idea, the implication, that those cuts resulted in benefit cuts is not accurate. 
Furthermore, what some of that 
money—those savings—went to is fill-ing, plugging the doughnut hole so that seniors would not have to pay money out of their own pockets for prescrip-tion drugs. 
So if you could save money in a bu-
reaucracy—and God knows the U.S. health care system is the most waste-ful and bureaucratic of any in the world—if we can make the system more efficient, save money, put that money into helping seniors afford pre-scription drugs, what is the problem with that? I do not think so. 
Senator E
NZItalked about the IRS 
and people having difficulty making connections, which is clearly not right. He is right. He also mentioned, quite correctly, that for every dollar we in-vest in various parts of the IRS which do audits, we can make—what was that, $4 to $6? I think that is a pretty good investment. Most business people would say: All right, I can get $4 to $6 for every dollar that I invest. Let’s do it. 
I look forward to working with Sen-
ator E
NZIand other Republicans to, in 
fact, do just that. We can argue about the Tax Code, and we will. But I think we don’t argue that when people owe it, they should pay it. Right. We should change it if we do not like it. 
So if we can invest a dollar into the 
IRS and get $6 to $4 back, I think that is a pretty good investment. Senator E
NZIwas right in saying that last night 
we passed a pretty good piece of legis-lation. Not perfect by any means. I had some serious concerns about it. I voted for it. One of the reasons I voted for it is it extended for another 2 years a pro-gram that I worked very hard on—that is, the Federally Qualified Community Health Center Program which is play-ing a huge role in providing health care and dental care and low-cost prescrip-tions drugs and mental health coun-seling to many millions of Americans in all of our 50 States. We got a signifi-cant increase. I fought very hard for a significant increase in that program as part of the Affordable Care Act that was going to expire. 
As a result of yesterday’s legislation, 
in addition to the doc fix, we have ex-tended—and I see Senator B
LUNT here, 
who has been active in that as well—we were able to extend for another 2 years funding for the Community Health Center Program, something that I think was important. 
Senator E
NZIwas right. I think that 
is a step forward. But that should not be confused with the budget. The Re-publican budget is an unmitigated dis-aster—tax breaks for billionaires, cuts in programs that Americans des-perately need, raising taxes for low-in-come working families. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator has 1 minute remaining. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I yield back 
all time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
has been yielded back. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion to disagree in the House amendment, agree to the request by the House for a conference, and author-ize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees. 
Mr. TESTER. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from Alabama (Mr. S HELBY ), and the 
Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
SASSE). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 54, 
nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 145 Leg.] 
YEAS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell 
Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Cruz Shelby Vitter 
The motion was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN ’S 
DEATH  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, today 
we honor the 150th anniversary of Abraham Lincoln’s death. We all know the tragic story: On the evening of April 14, 1865, the 4-year anniversary of the beginning of the Civil War and just days after its end at Appomattox, President Lincoln was shot while at-tending the theater. The next morning, his last, labored breathing ceased. 
His fanatically unreconciled assassin 
was enraged by Lincoln’s achieve-ments: his saving of the Union; his emancipation of the slaves; his forecast that the freed slaves would soon be vot-ing; his rededication of the Nation to the Declaration and to the Constitu-tion in which it is embodied. Lincoln lived for these things, and he also died for them. 
Days earlier Lincoln’s assassin, in at-
tendance at the second inaugural, had ignored the reelected President’s elo-quent plea ‘‘to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation’s wounds,’’ doing so ‘‘with malice toward none, with charity for all.’’ 
A year-and-a-half earlier, dedicating 
the cemetery at Gettysburg, Lincoln had said that ‘‘history would little note nor long remember’’ what he said. Here he was wrong—or at least falsely modest—for the Gettysburg Address is among the most beautiful and memo-rable speeches in history. He called upon us to ‘‘be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us,’’ and ‘‘that government of the people, by the people, and for the people shall not per-ish from the earth.’’ 
His words call upon us still to take 
‘‘increased devotion’’ from those at Gettysburg and every war since who gave ‘‘the last full measure of devo-tion.’’ Soon he would be among those honored dead, the final and most poign-ant casualty in the same war, and his death is another reason for us to renew our devotion to our great country. 
We should think, then, about Lin-
coln’s message, which is like the mes-sage of our Nation. On the question of equality, Lincoln was as precise as a mathematician and as lyrical as a poet. 
Of equality and slavery, he said: 
As I would not be a slave, so I would not be 
a master. This expresses my idea of democ-racy. Whatever differs from this, to the ex-tent of the difference, is no democracy. 
Of equality and the Declaration, Lin-
coln said: 
I think the authors of that notable instru-
ment intended to include all men, but they did not intend to declare all men equal in all respects. They did not mean to say that we are all equal in color, size, intellect, moral developments, or social capacity. They de-fined with tolerable distinctness, in what re-spects they did consider all men created equal—equal in ‘‘certain inalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness.’’ This they said, and this they meant. 
Now put these propositions together. 
We are unequal in most respects, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.016 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2199 April 15, 2015 
we are equal in our rights. We own our-
selves, and no one else may own us. We own the government, and the govern-ment does not own us. We are entitled to our lives with the talents that God gave us. Any form of government that interferes with these rights is wrong. 
But in the world today are rogue na-
tions that are growing in strength and violate these principles. They con-stitute a menace to our freedom and to civilization itself. 
At home, our government grows ever 
greater in its size, in its reach, and in its expense. The law is flouted increas-ingly by high authority. And our peo-ple say with increasing intensity that they mistrust and even fear their gov-ernment. It may be for the people, but it is less and less ‘‘of and by’’ the peo-ple. 
On this 150th anniversary of Lin-
coln’s death, let us be here reminded and dedicated to that cause for which Lincoln himself gave the last full measure of devotion. Let us dedicate ourselves, in Lincoln’s words, ‘‘to fin-ish the work we are in,’’ so that we ‘‘may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations.’’ 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:44 p.m., 
recessed until 2 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. F
LAKE ). 
f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON 
THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time? 
If no one yields time, the time will be 
charged equally. 
The Senator from Vermont. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I send 
to the desk my motion to instruct con-ferees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. S ANDERS ] 
moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amend-ment to the resolution S. Con. Res. 11 be in-structed to insist that the final conference report include a deficit-neutral reserve fund for legislation related to retirement benefits, which may not include legislation cutting benefits under the old-age, survivors, and disability insurance program established under title II of the Social Security Act, in-creasing the retirement age, or privatizing the old-age, survivors, and disability insur-ance program. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, as I 
mentioned earlier, I happen to believe the Republican budget we will be dis-cussing today moves us in exactly the wrong direction. At a time when the middle class is in decline and the gap 
between the very rich and everybody else is growing wider, what the Repub-lican budget does is make ferocious at-tacks on programs desperately de-pended upon by working families while at the same time providing outrageous tax breaks to the very wealthiest of the wealthy. That makes no sense to 
me at all. 
One area where the Republican budg-
et is negligent—one of many areas where the Republican budget is neg-ligent—is in the issue of Social Secu-rity. Social Security is perhaps the most important and successful Federal program that was ever initiated. It is life and death to millions of seniors and people with disabilities in this country, and it has a history of enor-mous success. Before Social Security was established, about half of the sen-iors in this country lived in poverty. Today, while too high, that number is somewhere around 10 percent. 
Unfortunately, in recent years what 
we have seen is an increase in senior poverty. We have seen many seniors struggling to pay their bills, to heat their homes, and to buy the medicine they need. It seems to me that in this moment, not only should we not be talking about cutting Social Security, as many of our Republican colleagues are, we should be talking about ex-panding Social Security benefits. I have introduced legislation to do just that. But today I rise to bring forth legislation—bring forth a motion to in-struct the budget conferees to include a deficit-neutral reserve fund to pro-tect retirement benefits by not cutting Social Security benefits, by not raising the retirement age, and by not privatizing Social Security. So in es-sence, what this motion to instruct says is that we go on record as Mem-bers of the U.S. Senate that we will not cut Social Security benefits, that we will not raise the retirement age, and that we will not privatize Social Secu-rity. 
At a time of massive wealth and in-
come inequality, when 99 percent of all of the new income generated in this country is going to the top 1 percent and when over half of the American people have less than $10,000 in savings, the last thing any Member of the Sen-ate should be thinking about is cutting Social Security. Today, the average Social Security benefit is just $1,328 a month—not a lot of money. 
Now, 20 percent of senior citizens are 
living on an average income of just $7,600 a year. Frankly, I don’t know how anybody lives on an income of $7,600 a year. I don’t know how you buy food. I don’t know how you buy the medicine you need, how you take care of your basic needs. But that is the re-ality. More than one-third of our senior citizens rely on Social Security for vir-tually all of their income. In other words, Social Security for them—more than a third—is not just a small part of their total income, it is virtually all of their income. Two-thirds of American seniors depend on Social Security for 
more than half of their income. 
The reality is, despite some of the 
rhetoric we hear around here or see on TV, we do not have a Social Security crisis. America has a retirement crisis. Given this reality, our job is to expand Social Security benefits, not cut them. 
I have been distressed that in three 
out of the four major Budget Com-mittee hearings held this year, Repub-licans invited witnesses who testified in support of cutting Social Security. John Engler, the head of the Business Roundtable, representing the CEOs of some of the largest corporations and Wall Street banks in this country, was one of the Republican witnesses. Mr. Engler and the Business Roundtable are the leaders of corporate America. These are the guys who make millions of dollars a year in salary. These are the guys who have huge retirement benefits. They are asking Congress to cut Social Security COLAs for senior citizens and disabled veterans and to raise the retirement age to 70 years of age. 
Imagine that. People who are multi-
millionaires and have huge retirement benefits are coming to Capitol Hill and telling Members of Congress to cut So-cial Security. It turns out, in fact, that the CEOs of the Business Roundtable have retirement benefits of their own of some $88,000 a month. So we have the heads of large corporations who have retirement benefits of $88,000 a month—$1 million a year—and they are telling the Congress to cut benefits for people who are trying to survive on $14,000 a year. That is an outrage. 
I am getting a little bit tired of being 
lectured by CEOs of large corporations who want to cut the Social Security benefits of elderly people. That is wrong. 
I am also tired of hearing folks on TV 
say that Social Security is going broke. Well, the truth is Social Secu-rity is not going broke. Social Security has a $2.8 trillion surplus and could pay out every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 18 years. Now, is 18 years a terribly long time? No, it is it not. Should we develop legislation to extend Social Security for decades after those 18 years? Yes, we should, and I have done that. But, please, I hope that my colleagues will not stand up here and tell us that Social Security is going broke because it is not. 
I believe the American people feel 
very strongly that in these difficult times Social Security is a major safety net for so many of the elderly and dis-abled. When we vote tonight, our job is to send a very, very clear message that the Senate is not going to cut Social Security, it is not going to privatize Social Security, and it is not going to raise the age at which people get those Social Security benefits. 
With that, I yield the floor for the 
Senator from Hawaii. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.024 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2200 April 15, 2015 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I thank 
the ranking member of the Budget Committee, the Senator from Vermont. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending motion and call up my motion to instruct, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Hawaii [Mr. S CHATZ ] 
moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amend-ment to the resolution S. Con. Res. 11 be in-structed to insist that the final conference report include the deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to ensuring all legally married same-sex spouses have equal access to the Social Security and veterans’ benefits they have earned and receive equal treatment under the law pursuant to the Constitution of the United States in the concurrent reso-lution as agreed to by the Senate. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, 3 weeks 
ago, the Senate held an important vote on an amendment to the budget resolu-tion, and 56 of our colleagues, including 11 Republicans, joined me in affirming the need for legislation to ensure that all legally married spouses, including gay couples, have access to Social Se-curity and VA benefits that their fami-lies have earned. 
This amendment passed with bipar-
tisan support because it is fundamen-tally about fairness. 
Imagine a veteran who served his 
country for decades fighting for equal-ity and freedom around the world and he gets married in a State that allows gay marriage. If he is permanently dis-abled from his service, his spouse is eli-gible for veterans’ spousal benefits. They have earned these benefits. But if they move or if they drive over the bor-der from Florida into Georgia, for ex-ample, they lose those benefits. The same scenario applies to our seniors and their right to Social Security spousal benefits. 
Why does this happen? Simply be-
cause the Federal right to these bene-fits happens to be defined in law with respect to the State of residence rather than the State of celebration of the marriage. In other words, eligibility for these Federal benefits is based on where you live, not where you were married. So we have one Federal right and two unequal outcomes based on the person’s residence. This is the defini-tion of unequal treatment under the law. 
No one is denying that Americans 
earned their Social Security and vet-erans’ benefits regardless of whether they are gay or straight. And since the Supreme Court’s decision in the Wind-sor case struck down parts of the De-fense of Marriage Act, no one can deny that the Federal Government is re-quired to recognize all legal marriages. 
For almost all Federal agencies, this 
went into effect right away. Gay mar-ried couples can now file joint taxes. In legal proceedings before the Federal 
Government same-sex spouses are given the same legal rights as all other spouses. Under the Family and Medical Leave Act, an employee can now take leave to care for a same-sex spouse. These are just a few of the ways that the Federal Government brought its policies into line with the law. 
The Social Security Administration 
and the VA, however, are tripped up by an old wording in their authorizing statutes. Working together, we can fix this. We can pass legislation to ensure that all legally married couples receive equal treatment under the law regard-less of where they live. The amendment that the Senate voted to include in the budget affirms the need for this legisla-tion. 
Allowing unequal treatment under 
the law goes against American values, and it goes against our Constitution. Equality under Federal laws should not end when you cross State lines. We are not debating whether gay marriage should be legal in all 50 States. That question is currently in front of the Supreme Court. We are debating whether a Federal right should be af-forded to all Americans regardless of where they live. 
For those who are concerned with 
preserving States’ rights, I understand that perspective, but we should all sup-port fixing the statutes governing So-cial Security and veterans’ benefits. Fixing these statutes does not impact State law whatsoever. In contrast, by not fixing these statutes, the Federal Government is ignoring the laws of States that allow gay marriage. It ac-tually does harm to States’ rights to allow this situation to continue. 
This is not an ideological proposal, 
and I should point out that the Senator from Washington, P
ATTY MURRAY , and 
the Senator from New Hampshire, J
EANNE SHAHEEN —this was originally 
their idea. First, Senator M URRAY pro-
vided this as a piece of legislation on the Social Security side, and J
EANNE  
SHAHEEN , likewise, presented this on 
the VA side. We worked together dur-ing the so-called vote-arama to merge these proposals into one because the same principle applies for both Federal benefits, which is that equal protection under the law should not depend on which of the 50 States an American cit-izen resides in. This is about treating veterans, disabled Americans, and our seniors equally, no matter where they live or what their sexual orientation may be. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I yield 
time to the Senator from Ohio, Mr. B
ROWN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio is recognized. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Vermont and also the senior Senator from Wyoming for their work. MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the pending motion be set aside and that my motion be sent to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Hearing none, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. B ROWN ] moves 
that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendment to the resolution S. Con. Res. 11 be instructed to insist that the final conference report in-clude the deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to ending ‘‘Too Big To Fail’’ bailouts for Wall Street mega-banks with over $500,000,000,000 in total assets, as set forth in amendment 994 to S. Con. Res. 11 (as agreed to by the Senate). 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, this 
amendment, about which I asked to in-struct the conferees, passed by a voice vote, and I appreciate the acceptance of it by Senator E
NZIand Senator 
SANDERS during the vote 2 weeks ago. 
We know too big to fail is still with us. We know that it is really all about those megabanks that are over $500 bil-lion in total assets. That is what my amendment speaks to. 
In the 6
1⁄2years since Wall Street 
pushed our economy to the brink of collapse, the biggest banks have got-ten, as we know, bigger. 
Think about this statistic. Just 18 
years ago, the 6 largest banks in the United States had assets equal to 18 percent of our Nation’s gross domestic product. Today, the 6 largest banks have assets equal to 63 percent of our GDP, with an average of more than 5,000 legal entities operating in 57 countries. 
These institutions are not just mas-
sive, too big to fail in terms of size. They are risky and complex. In many ways they are too big to fail, they are too big to manage, as we have seen from the mistakes they have made, and they are too big in many ways to regu-late. 
If a financial institution is too big to 
understand, then it is probably too complex to manage and too opaque to regulate. Dodd-Frank requires large banks to produce an annual living will explaining the bank’s plan for its own rapid and orderly resolution through the bankruptcy process in the event of material financial distress or failure. 
Last year, the largest 11 banks—all 11 
of them—were informed that their liv-ing wills were insufficient. In other words, it was not clear to the regu-lators that these 11 banks would know how to go through resolution. That means they failed to show that their collapse would not cause devastating harm to our economy as a whole. It raises this question: What happens if one of these banks fails? 
Today, I urge the Senate to instruct 
budget negotiators to create a deficit- neutral reserve fund to ensure that the largest Wall Street megabanks can be put through bankruptcy or resolution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.027 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2201 April 15, 2015 
without a taxpayer bailout. This is the 
amendment that Senator V ITTER , my 
Republican colleague from Louisiana, and I spoke out about, and it was passed unanimously in the Senate a couple of weeks ago. 
Congress should act on the remedies 
provided in the law for any bank that cannot produce a credible living will this year. We need to end the cycle that enables large, unsafe banks to enjoy government bailouts. The public is cynical about these too-big-to-fail banks. The public does not believe they are not too big to fail, if you will. 
The cycle that allows Wall Street to 
pile up private profits while forcing American taxpayers to be ready and willing to pick up the tab for their losses and failures is outrageously bad public policy. The American people don’t want Congress to wait until we are faced with another crisis. Congress needs to take action now to prevent fu-ture economic collapse and future tax-payer-funded bailouts. 
As Senator S
HELBY , the senior Re-
publican who sits on the banking com-mittee with me, told the Senate bank-ing committee last month, if a bank is too big to fail, it is it probably too big to exist. 
This motion to instruct will put the 
Senate on record that the American taxpayer should never ever again be on the hook for risks taken by megabanks. 
I ask my colleagues to vote yes. 
PAID SICK LEAVE  
Mr. President, for too many Ameri-
cans, a sick day means a day without pay. Each day workers across the coun-try face impossible dilemmas. Do they go into work knowing the risks to their own health and to others around them or do they stay home and lose a paycheck? Do they send a sick child to school, knowing they are risking the health of their daughter and her entire classroom or do they jeopardize their job by taking a day off? This is a choice too many families face, and it needs to end. 
Guaranteeing paid sick and family 
leave to all Americans would protect public health and increase economic security for millions of families. 
In the 20th century, unions fought for 
workers’ rights to collectively bar-gain—and often one of the protections they were bargaining for was paid sick leave. But after decades of attacks on our labor movement and on our middle class, most Americans are not pro-tected by unions. Too often they have no protection if they have to miss work because of their own illness or that of their child. 
43 million workers—including 2 mil-
lion Ohioans—currently have no paid sick leave. Workers earning the lowest wages are the least likely to have paid sick days and are often unable to afford to take a day off when they or their children get sick. 
Not only does this affect their own 
health, but these workers are often working in service jobs where they risk infecting others. They are often caring 
for seniors or children or working in stores, hotels, or restaurants where they risk food contamination. 
Adults without paid sick days are 1
1⁄2 
times more likely than adults with paid sick days to report going to work with a contagious illness, according to the National Partnership for Women and Families. That’s why the National Partnership for Women and Families and more than 100 employers support this legislation. And so do many busi-ness owners, who realize that healthy workers are often more productive workers. 
But too many do not, and that is why 
I urge my colleagues to pass the Healthy Families Act. This legislation would end the agonizing choice faced by families by allowing workers to earn up to 7 days per year in paid sick time. 
This plan is good for both workers 
and businesses. Employers already pro-viding sick time would not have to change their policies as long as they meet the minimum requirements and businesses with fewer than 15 employ-ees would be exempt. 
We know that when workers are 
healthy, they are more productive, and providing sick days decreases turnover and gives employers safer, healthier, and more stable workplaces. Paid sick leave will also save precious health care resources. 
When workers go in sick, they can 
spread illnesses like the flu, and they increase the risk of workplace injury. The American Journal of Public Health found that the lack of paid sick days contributed to an additional 5 million cases of H1N1 during the 2009 pandemic. 
The Institute for Women’s Policy Re-
search found that paid sick days could decrease emergency room visits by 1.3 million each year, saving the country $1 billion in health costs. And most im-portantly, guaranteeing paid sick leave will give families the peace of mind that they can protect their jobs, their families, and their health. That is why it is far past time for us to finally guarantee paid sick leave for all of our workers. 
My colleagues have all seen and 
heard me talk about my canary pin. 
Our duty to protect our workers con-
tinues and our work is not yet finished. To truly embody the spirit of this pin, we must extend paid sick leave to all Americans—not just those lucky enough to be represented by a union or wealthy enough to have a high-wage job with protections. 
No parent in America today should 
have to choose between a paycheck and a sick child. No worker should have to choose between his job and his health. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
passing the Healthy Families Act with-out delay. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I yield 
to the Senator from Massachusetts. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Vermont. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
I ask unanimous consent that the 
pending motion be set aside and that my motion be sent to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Massachusetts [Ms. 
WARREN ] moves that the managers on the 
part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendment to the resolution S. Con. Res. 11 be instructed to insist that the final conference report include a provision to make college more affordable for middle- class families by allowing borrowers with outstanding Federal and private student loans to refinance at the equivalent interest rates that were offered to Federal student loan borrowers during the 2013–2014 school year and to fully offset the cost of such a program by requiring millionaires to pay at least a 30 percent effective Federal tax rate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. I ask unanimous consent 
that any time under quorum calls this afternoon be charged equally, regard-less of who spoke last. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN HONOR 
OF THE VICTIMS OF THE BOS-TON MARATHON BOMBINGS 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, 2 years 
ago today, the people of Boston came face-to-face with terror at the finish line for the Boston Marathon. The cow-ardly attack and its aftermath took four lives, injured many more, and for-ever changed the lives of the survivors and their families. 
In the face of this horrific terrorist 
attack, Boston responded with courage and community. Our heroic first re-sponders acted swiftly and their brav-ery saved many lives. 
In the days, weeks, and months after 
the marathon, families and friends came together to lift each other up, to raise the spirit of our city, and to help us heal. 
Now, 2 years later, Boston continues 
to move forward together. A jury just reached a verdict that is another step toward justice for victims and for their families. The strength and persever-ance of survivors continues to inspire us, and our community works to keep alive the memories of Krystle Camp-bell, Lu Lingzi, Martin Richard, and Sean Collier. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.029 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2202 April 15, 2015 
Recently, Mayor Marty Walsh an-
nounced the city of Boston will now recognize April 15 as One Boston Day. One Boston Day is a chance to honor the victims and survivors of the mara-thon bombing and an opportunity for people to give back to the community through acts of service. This day helps us remember that in the face of trag-edy and violence, our community re-sponds with an open heart. 
Next Monday, tens of thousands of 
people from across the Nation and around the world, once again, will come to Massachusetts for the 2015 Boston Marathon. Our Commonwealth, once again, will commemorate Patri-ots’ Day with reenactments, baseball, parades, and celebrations. 
Today, as we mark One Boston Day 
and the second anniversary of the at-tack at the Boston Marathon, we recall the spirit of strength and resilience that brought our city and our Com-monwealth together, the same spirit of strength and resilience that helps us heal. 
As a tribute to honor the victims and 
survivors of the attack at the 2013 Bos-ton Marathon, I ask my colleagues to join Bostonians in a moment of silence at 2:49 p.m. today. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I would 
like to join Senator W
ARREN and the 
rest of the Senate in observing a mo-ment of silence in honor of the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings. 
The people of the United States will 
always remember the victims of the previous acts of terrorism that have occurred in the United States and will always stand together as one people. Two years ago today, three innocent people were killed and hundreds in-jured in two bombings that occurred during the running of the 117th Boston Marathon. On the happiest day in Bos-ton, Patriots’ Day, two bombs deto-nated by the two evil men took lives, limbs, and livelihoods away. That day, we lost Martin Richard, an 8-year-old boy from Dorchester; Krystle Camp-bell, from Arlington; and Lu Lingzi, who came to the United States from China; and 232 innocent people were also wounded in the bombings. 
In the aftermath of the attacks, Offi-
cer Sean Collier, of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology police force, was assassinated by the two twisted in-dividuals who bombed our city. Officer Collier wasn’t just protecting the best and the brightest minds, he was the best and brightest, an impressive and loved officer who has been greatly missed on campus and in our commu-nity. 
I want to express my deepest thanks 
to all of the men and women in law en-forcement in Massachusetts and around the Nation for their unwavering determination, courage, and resolve to bring to justice those responsible for the Boston Marathon bombings. We were ‘‘Boston Strong’’ because we were 
Boston ready, with the best training and personnel available to save lives and to seek justice. 
Many others responded decisively: 
the citizens of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, fire and rescue work-ers, caregivers, Armed Forces, and thousands more who, through their many expressions of care and compas-sion, brought forth comfort, hope, and the promise of recovery. 
Today, under the leadership of Mayor 
Marty Walsh, the city of Boston is turning April 15 into a new tradition, honoring the resilience, generosity, and strength called One Boston Day. As Mayor Walsh said, ‘‘It’s a day everyone should come together, spread goodwill throughout the city and recommit our-selves to our deepest values.’’ 
Mayor Walsh is right. This is a day 
for the citizens, businesses, and organi-zations in the city of Boston to display their humanity and draw neighbors to-gether. 
Thank you, Mayor Walsh, for helping 
all of us understand that the compas-sion and support we all felt that day should never be forgotten but instead should be a part of our lives every sin-gle day. 
May the light of One Boston Day 
shine as an example of how our Nation responds to times of crisis. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will now observe a moment of silence in honor of the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings. 
(Moment of silence.) Mr. ENZI. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON 
THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016—Continued 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. SANDERS. I send to the desk my 
motion to instruct conferees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to setting aside the pending motion? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. S ANDERS ] 
moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amend-ment to the resolution S. Con. Res. 11 be in-structed to insist that the final conference report include the provision in the concur-rent resolution as agreed to by the Senate that provides for the establishment of a def-icit-neutral reserve fund related to strength-ening the United States Postal Service by es-tablishing a moratorium to protect mail processing plants, reinstating overnight de-
livery standards, protecting rural service, al-lowing the Postal Service to innovate and adapt to compete in a digital age, or improv-ing the financial condition of the Postal Service. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I move 
to instruct conferees on S. Con. Res. 11, a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, to include in the conference report the provision in the concurrent resolution as passed by the Senate establishing a deficit-neutral reserve fund related to strengthening the U.S. Postal Service by establishing a moratorium to protect mail proc-essing plants, reinstating overnight de-livery standards, and protecting rural services. 
During the so-called vote-arama, 
that amendment passed by voice vote. This time I hope we can get a strong rollcall vote on it because it is terribly important that we tell the Postmaster General of the United States that the U.S. Senate wants a strong and vibrant U.S. Postal Service. 
What we are saying to the Post-
master General of the United States is pretty simple; that is, do not destroy up to 15,000 middle-class jobs, do not shut down up to 82 mail processing plants, stop slowing down mail service delivery in this country. Speed it up by reinstating strong overnight delivery standards for first-class mail. 
I do not know about Arizona and I 
don’t know about Wyoming, but I can tell you that in Vermont we have got-ten a significant number of complaints from people who are upset by the slow-down of mail delivery standards. It is, to my mind, just unacceptable, and what we are saying now and will have to say in the months to come is you can’t shut down another 82 processing plants, you cannot continue with these inadequate mail delivery standards, and it has to change. The American people and the business community are entitled to know that when they put a letter or document in the mail, it is going to get delivered in a prompt way. Today, that, sadly, is not the case. 
For over 230 years and enshrined in 
our Constitution, the Postal Service has played an enormously important role for the people of our country and for our economy, and that mission today remains as important as it has ever been. The beauty of the Postal Service is that it provides universal service 6 days a week to every corner of our country, no matter how small or how remote. It will deliver mail on Wall Street and it will deliver mail to a home at the end of a back road in the State of Vermont. 
The U.S. Postal Service supports, 
through its efforts, millions of jobs in virtually every sector of our economy. It provides decent-paying union jobs to some 500,000 Americans and, by the way, is the largest employer of vet-erans in this country. 
Whether you are an elderly woman 
living on a dirt road in a rural area or you are a wealthy CEO executive on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.030 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2203 April 15, 2015 
Park Avenue, you get your mail deliv-
ered 6 days a week, and the American people pay for this service at a cost which is far less than any place else in the industrialized world. In other words, we get a pretty good bargain when we put a stamp on an envelope. 
Unfortunately, despite the success 
and popularity of the Postal Service, it is under constant attack and has been under constant attack for years, in-cluding from those who would like to privatize the Postal Service and ulti-mately destroy it. Let’s be clear. The same people who are attacking the Postal Service are often the same peo-ple who are attacking Social Security, Medicare, and so forth, and they essen-tially want to move to the privatiza-tion of virtually every major public in-stitution in this country. 
Today, the U.S. Postal Service is in 
the process of shutting down up to 82 mail processing plants and eliminating up to 15,000 decent-paying jobs. This is in addition to the 141 mail processing facilities that were closed between 2012 and 2013. In January, the Postal Serv-ice ended overnight delivery for first- class mail. It didn’t get a whole lot of attention, but it happened. 
The purpose of this motion is to put 
the Senate on record in strong opposi-tion to these plant closings and to de-mand that the Postal Service reinstate strong overnight delivery standards and not destroy good-paying jobs. 
We have been told that all of these 
horrendous cuts are necessary because the Postal Service is experiencing ter-rible financial problems. They are los-ing money every single year. Well, the truth is somewhat different. The major reason the Postal Service is in tough financial shape today is not because of email or the Internet, the major reason the Postal Service is hurting finan-cially is because of a mandate signed into law by President Bush in Decem-ber of 2006, during a lameduck session of Congress that forces the Postal Service to prefund 75 years of future re-tiree health benefits over a 10-year pe-riod. No other government agency or business in America is burdened with a mandate anywhere close to what the Postal Service has to expend, which is $5.5 billion a year. So the main point is that when you see articles telling you the Postal Service is having financial problems, the main reason—the over-whelming reason—is this necessity to prefund 75 years of future retiring health benefits over a 10-year period at about $5.5 billion a year. In fact, all— A-L-L—all of the so-called financial losses posted by the Postal Service since October 2012 are due to this prefunding mandate. That is it. With-out that mandate, they would be mak-ing a modest amount of money. 
We don’t hear much about it, but I 
think it is very important for the American people to understand the re-ality of the finances in the Postal Serv-ice. Excluding the prefunding mandate, the Postal Service has actually made a $1.8 billion profit. So it is a modestly profitable operation excluding the $5.5 
billion prefunding mandate. 
Revenue at the Postal Service has 
been increasing in recent years. At a time when Postal Service revenue is going up, it makes no sense to elimi-nate thousands of jobs and slow down the mail service that millions of Amer-icans rely on. 
We should be working to strengthen 
the Postal Service and not to send it into a death spiral. Before this prefunding mandate was signed into law, the Postal Service was also profit-able. In fact, from 2003 to 2006, the Postal Service made a combined profit of more than $5 billion. 
I think there is broad bipartisan sup-
port, especially from Senators who come from rural areas and who under-stand just how important the Postal Service is to the people of our States. 
Once again, when offered as an 
amendment at the vote-arama, this passed by voice vote. We are going to ask for a rollcall vote when the voting takes place. I hope we win this vote with a very strong vote and send a message to the Postal Service that we want our Postal Service to provide the quality mail service the American peo-
ple deserve. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). The Senator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, that passed 
by a voice vote, which is considered unanimous around here. You cannot get more unanimous than that. I am hoping that out of the 10 to 13 votes we are going to have this afternoon, that some can be done on voice votes. I do not think there is anybody who dis-agrees with what the Senator has said about closing the postal plants and the extra time it is taking for deliveries. You can add to that how little money it saves because the employees who are in one town, even though their job got moved somewhere else, still have to be retained in that town at some job. It does not amount to much in the way of savings, but it really hurts in the way of efficiency, delivery, and trust in the post office. 
So I think we will all be behind you 
on that one again. I hope that by the time we get to that, it will be a voice vote again. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending motion and call up Senator B
URR’s motion, 
which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wyoming [Mr. E NZI], for 
Mr. B URR, moves that the managers on the 
part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendment to the resolution S. Con. Res. 11 be instructed to insist that the final conference report include a provision relat-ing to addressing student loan debt, which may include reducing overlapping student loan repayment programs and creating a simplified income-driven student loan repay-ment option, as included in section 358 of S. Con. Res. 11, as agreed to by the Senate. Mr. ENZI. I would mention that this 
is a side-by-side to Senator W ARREN ’s 
amendment. I am hoping that at the time we vote, we can do 1 minute on each side so they have a chance for their explanation. 
I now yield 10 minutes to the Senator 
from Arizona. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise 
today to discuss the need for the Sen-ate to pass trade promotion authority legislation. It is no secret that trade matters in the ability of the United States and our businesses here to sell goods to foreign markets and to buy what we need from abroad to keep our businesses humming along right here at home and to keep Americans em-ployed. This is paramount to our Na-tion’s prosperity. You do not need to be an economist to see it. Anyone who owns an iPhone, drives a foreign car, or shops at Costco—everyone understands even in a small way that trade is bene-ficial to American companies and to customers alike. Likewise, American farmers and manufacturers and service providers want and need to sell their corn, cotton, beef, tractors, furniture, airplanes, their businesses and finan-cial services to customers around the world who want and need them. Sadly, not all countries see it that way, and they throw up barriers to American goods and services. They do not want them entering their countries. That is why passing trade promotion authority is so important. 
Increasing free trade levels the play-
ing field for U.S. companies. It in-creases competition. It increases ac-cess to foreign markets. 
According to the Office of U.S. Trade 
Representative, the United States is the world’s largest economy, the larg-est importer, and the largest exporter of goods and services. In 2014, figures from the International Trade Adminis-tration show that the United States ex-ported a record $2.35 trillion in goods and services. 
For those of us who represent border 
States, this issue hits close to home. In recent years, Mexico has been Amer-ica’s third largest trading partner and our second largest export market. Ac-cording to the Arizona-Mexico Com-mission, Arizona ports of entry are gateways to $41.6 billion in U.S.-Mexi-can trade annually, of which nearly $16 billion is attributed to Arizona’s own trade with Mexico. 
Simply put, without trade promotion 
authority, the United States would be forced to stand on the sidelines as other countries move forward with their own trade agreements. Without renewing fast-track authority, there is little chance of a successful resolution of the ongoing negotiations for the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP. This agreement will allow American companies to do business more freely with some of the world’s fastest grow-ing economies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.032 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2204 April 15, 2015 
As the Washington Post editorial put 
it this week, ‘‘To this boon to the U.S. and world economies, add the fact that TPP would ensure that the Pacific Rim plays by U.S.-style rules and regula-tions rather than China’s neo-mer-cantilist rules, and you have a compel-ling case for swift approval.’’ I agree. But unless we pass trade promotion au-thority legislation, it will be difficult for the United States to become part of this vital partnership. 
I am proud to continue to voice my 
support for free trade. I look forward to the Senate giving trade promotion au-thority careful consideration in the coming weeks. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending motion be set aside so that I may call up my motion, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Maryland [Ms. M IKUL-
SKI] moves that the managers on the part of 
the Senate at the conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendment to the resolution S. Con. Res. 11 be instructed to insist that the final conference report include a provision relat-ing to amending the Equal Pay Act of 1963 to allow for punitive damages, limit the any factor ‘‘other than sex’’ exception, and pro-hibit retaliation against employees who share salary information, as included in amendment 362 to S. Con. Res. 11 (as not agreed to by the Senate). 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I rise 
to offer a motion to instruct the con-ferees based on a bill that I have of-fered for the last three Congresses; that is, the Paycheck Fairness Act. 
What does the Paycheck Fairness 
Act do? It finishes the job that we started with Lilly Ledbetter. It would, in fact, instruct the conferees to make three reforms: 
No. 1, to advance the cause of making 
sure that women get equal pay for equal work. It would stop retaliation for sharing pay information. Often workers are harassed and humiliated just for asking about coworkers’ sala-ries. 
No. 2, it would stop employers from 
using any reason to pay women less: Oh, the guys do harder jobs. Women aren’t breadwinners. OK, it is time for equal pay for equal work. 
It would also allow for punitive dam-
ages for women who are being discrimi-nated against when the only deterrent against pay discrimination is the threat of paying women backpay. Dis-
crimination can be factored into the cost of doing business. 
Yesterday was Equal Pay Day, some-
thing we, unfortunately, commemorate each year. It symbolizes that it takes 104 days longer in a year for a woman to earn what a man earned the pre-vious year. 
What does that mean? It means that 
for what a man earns in 365 days, it takes a woman 469 days to earn the same amount of money—104 days more. 
We don’t commemorate this day with 
joy but with a call to action. We need to make a change in the Federal lawbooks to finally get equal pay in the Federal checkbooks. 
Now, we want this in the budget act 
because we know this will be an impor-tant way of dealing with a variety of issues. We worked on this legislation for a number of years and, quite frank-ly, we are frustrated. We are frustrated that time and again we are trying to advance this cause. 
It started over 50 years ago. In 1963, 
Lyndon Johnson, moving on the civil rights legislation, thought that equal pay for women would be an easy thing to pass. At that time, only 11 percent of mothers were in the workforce. Now, there are over 70 percent of mothers in the workforce. 
At that time, women were, again, 
paid 59 cents for every $1 a man earned. Well, we passed the Civil Rights Act. Now, 50 years later, we are up to 78 cents for every $1 a man earns. So it has taken us 50 years to advance 20 cents. 
Well, that just doesn’t work. The 
women in America feel sidelined, red-lined, and pink-slipped for the way they are discriminated against, and then they face the harassment and in-timidation when they simply ask ques-tions to get the pay they deserve. 
What we now know, again, is that the 
facts speak for themselves. Women earn 78 cents for every $1 a man makes. For women close to the retirement age, the wage gap increases to almost $14,000 a year. By the time she retires, the average woman has lost almost $400,000 in a lifetime of wages. 
The impact is you get less in Social 
Security benefits, you have less in sav-ings, and you face the grim possibility of poverty. What we also know is that this has a tremendous impact in terms of single mothers. 
Over the weekend, there was a ter-
rific article in the Washington Post saying if you wanted to eliminate pov-erty among children, you could take a major step in doing so if you closed the pay parity gap. In effect, by paying sin-gle women and single mothers equal pay for equal work, you could reduce the poverty rate among children by over 20 percent. 
What a startling fact. Well, the fact 
is that we have been fighting for this for a long time. 
I urge the adoption of this amend-
ment. I think it makes important fis-cal policy, and it is important for the family’s checkbook and for our check-
book. 
I wish to close with these remarks. I 
think it was the day before, in the New York Times. They were talking about how we are essentially subsidizing those people who are paid the min-imum wage. 
Now, my background is that I was a 
social worker. The Presiding Officer is familiar with that. But when you look at the four major components of gov-ernment subsidies to the poor—Med-icaid, TANF, the child care develop-ment subsidy, and there is one other thing that I just don’t recall at this minute—for actually people who are working—oh, food stamps. Working every single day, they are eligible for government subsidies because they are not paid enough for what they do. 
What we often find is that not only is 
the minimum wage a terrible place to begin, but as you move up the work ladder, often women are in jobs where they are paid less than the men who work beside them. As a result—and it often is the case—we end, then, by dealing with that by our paying for it in Medicaid, in food stamps, and earned income tax credit. 
Now, I support those programs. I 
think when people are poor they need our help, but our goal is to make sure that if you were poor and you want to 
have a way to get ahead, we should help you. 
If you want to be middle class, we 
should help you get there. One of the ways to do that is to make sure we pay equal pay for equal work. 
I hope that my amendment is adopt-
ed. I could debate this in more ways, but year after year we come to the floor and we show the disparity be-tween what women make from men for the same job. 
This isn’t just a woman’s issue. Many 
men here support this. I can tell you who supports it: fathers. Fathers, fa-thers, fathers. Why do they support it? They work hard to make sure that in many instances their daughters get a break, try to get an education, try to get ahead only to find that although they shouldered the same responsibil-ities for car payments, paying off stu-dent loans, and all of that, they, in fact, are not paid equal pay for equal work. We can change that by voting for the Mikulski amendment in this budg-et bill. 
I yield the floor. Mr. BENNET. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BENNET. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending motion be set aside so that I may call up my motion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Apr 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.034 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2205 April 15, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, the clerk will re-
port the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Colorado [Mr. B ENNET ] 
moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amend-ment to the resolution S. Con. Res. 11 be in-structed— 
(1) to insist that the final conference re-
port include provisions in the concurrent resolution as agreed to by the Senate for the establishment of deficit-neutral reserve funds relating to— 
(A) responding to the causes and impacts 
of climate change, including the economic and national security threats posed by human-induced climate change; and 
(B) Department of Defense initiatives to 
bolster resilience of mission critical depart-ment infrastructure to impacts from climate change; and 
(2) to recede from the position of the Sen-
ate regarding provisions in the concurrent resolution as agreed to by the Senate for the establishment of deficit-neutral reserve funds that undermine the response to cli-mate change, including prohibitions on the regulation by the Environmental Protection Agency of greenhouse gas emissions. 
Mr. BENNET. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I send 
to the desk a motion to instruct con-ferees. I am offering this motion on be-half of Senator M
URRAY . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to setting aside the pending motion? 
Without objection, the clerk will re-
port the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. S ANDERS ], 
for Mrs. M URRAY , moves that the managers 
on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendment to the resolution S. Con. Res. 11 be instructed to insist that the final conference report include the def-icit-neutral reserve fund for legislation to allow Americans to earn paid sick time in the concurrent resolution as agreed to by the Senate. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, this is 
a motion to instruct budget conferees to keep in the bill the Senate-passed deficit-neutral reserve fund for legisla-tion to allow Americans to earn paid sick time. This was an amendment which passed during a vote-arama of the Senate by a vote of 61 to 39. So it passed with pretty strong bipartisan support, and I would hope we could pass this language again. 
The truth is, at a time when millions 
of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages, when our middle class continues to decline, we also have an-
other serious problem in that only 53 percent of workers report having paid sick leave. Well, you know, people get sick. That is a fact of life, and it is un-fortunate that only 53 percent of work-ers report having paid sick leave. This means people are going to work when they are not well. I don’t know about you, but I am not enthused about walk-ing into a restaurant where someone who may have the flu or have some other problem is serving food or pre-paring food. I don’t think that is ter-ribly healthy for this country, not to mention that when there are so many contagious illnesses out there, I don’t know that we want to have people who are ill and contagious going to work. 
So this is a very simple motion and 
basically reiterates what we had in the first discussion. Again, it won by 61 to 39. 
All over this country, States and cit-
ies are in the process of enacting paid sick leave legislation, and they are see-ing economic benefits from that. They have seen mothers more likely to re-turn to work and higher employment in the leisure, hospitality, education, and health sectors. 
So, again, this is the same language 
Senator M
URRAY offered. I strongly 
support this motion, and I hope my col-leagues will vote for it. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I send 
to the desk a motion to instruct con-ferees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, the clerk will report the mo-tion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. S ANDERS ], 
for Mrs. M URRAY , moves that the managers 
on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendment to the resolution S. Con. Res. 11 be instructed to insist that the final conference report include a provi-sion to build on the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 and provide sequester relief in 2016 and 2017 by closing tax loopholes. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, this 
motion is being offered on behalf of Senator M
URRAY , and it would instruct 
budget conferees to build on the Bipar-tisan Budget Act and provide sequester relief in 2016 and 2017 by closing tax loopholes. 
As the ranking member of the Com-
mittee on the Budget, I rise today to offer a motion to instruct conferees, on behalf of Senator M
URRAY , to S. Con. 
Res. 11, the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, to pro-vide 2 years of sequester relief by clos-
ing tax loopholes. This is a concept, an idea I very strongly support. Many Members on both sides of the aisle are concerned that Congress will not be able to pass and enact appropriations bills at the sequester levels. The Presi-dent’s fiscal year 2016 budget provides sequester relief. Moreover, the Presi-dent has indicated he will veto legisla-tion that does not lift the sequester caps. 
Discretionary spending has already 
been cut by $1.6 trillion, and non-defense discretionary spending is cur-rently on track to be the lowest in 50 years. Nondefense discretionary spend-ing is on track to be the lowest in 50 years. 
Instead of continuing to cut non-
defense discretionary spending, we need to increase funding for programs, such as education and infrastructure, that reduce income inequality and that create the millions of jobs we so des-perately need. We can fund these in-vestments by looking at wasteful spending in the Tax Code that has al-lowed major corporations to pay very little, if anything, in Federal income taxes. 
Each and every year, we are losing 
well over $100 billion in revenue be-cause large, profitable corporations and some of the wealthiest Americans in this country are stashing their prof-its in the Cayman Islands, Bermuda, and other offshore tax havens. 
Further, the GAO has reported that 
the effective tax rate of large, profit-able corporations is just 12.6 percent— much lower than the 35-percent statu-tory rate because of these tax loop-holes. That is much lower than what millions of middle-class workers pay to the IRS because of the loopholes writ-ten into the Tax Code by corporate lob-byists. 
In 1952, 32 percent of all of the rev-
enue generated in this country came from large corporations. Today, that figure is down to just 11 percent. Right now, there are so many loopholes in our Tax Code that it ends up that many large corporations making billions of dollars in profit pay nothing—zero—in corporate taxes to the Federal Govern-ment. 
As a few examples, General Electric 
made over $5.8 billion in profits in the United States last year but paid just nine-tenths of 1 percent of that amount in Federal income taxes. Time Warner made $4.3 billion in profits and paid nothing in Federal income taxes; in fact, it got a rebate of $26 million. Xerox made $628 million in profits in 2014 and paid nothing in Federal in-come taxes; in fact, it received a tax rebate of $16 million. 
I strongly support this motion which 
has been introduced by Senator M
UR-
RAY to provide sequester relief, par-
ticularly for nondefense discretionary programs, and I would hope very much that this motion to instruct will re-ceive wide bipartisan support. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.036 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2206 April 15, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending motion be set aside so that I may call up my motion, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Michigan [Ms. S TABE -
NOW] moves that the managers on the part of 
the Senate at the conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendment to the resolution S. Con. Res. 11 be instructed to insist that the final conference report not include the Medicare cuts in the concurrent resolution as agreed to by the Senate, which would substantially increase out-of-pocket healthcare expenses for senior citizens, and not include the Medi-care cuts in the concurrent resolution as agreed to by the House of Representatives, which would end Medicare as it currently ex-ists by turning it into a voucher-based pre-mium support system and eliminate the guaranteed healthcare benefits earned by the people of the United States. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, my 
motion would instruct conferees to re-move from the budget resolution any Medicare cuts that would increase out- of-pocket costs for senior citizens, eliminate guaranteed benefits, or make structural changes to Medicare by turning it into a voucher-based pre-mium support system. 
It is incredibly important that some-
thing as important as health care for senior citizens and those with disabil-ities be protected and honored. People are paying into this system. They have paid into this system their whole lives. They have the confidence of knowing that health care is available to them, those now on Medicare, and we need to make sure we are strengthening this health care system, not fundamentally changing it from a guaranteed system to some kind of a voucher system or making other kinds of changes that will cost people more money. 
When we began this process, my hope 
was that we could have a spending plan that really would address the middle class and a budget resolution that would make it very clear that this is about giving every American a fair shot—a fair shot to stay in the middle class or to work hard and get into the middle class—that this is really about strengthening our country. We don’t have an economy without a middle class. It is not the other way around. We don’t have an economy without a middle class. That is the economic en-gine. 
I was hoping for a budget that would 
reflect one of our core beliefs—that if you work hard in America, you are 
going to have a fair shot to be able to get ahead. But that is not what this budget is about. Unfortunately, this budget does not do that. Instead, Re-publicans have written a budget that continues to rig the system for the wealthy and the well-connected rather than creating opportunity for every-body to make it. 
That is really the fundamental fight 
we have had through this whole budget process. How do we grow the economy? Is it the top down? Do we give to those one more time at the very top and hope that it trickles down and that some-how people who are working hard every day will actually feel it and have money in their pockets, or do we focus on the middle? Do we focus on those working hard to get into the middle class and create an opportunity to grow from the bottom up, which is the way we know the economies grow? 
So I am deeply concerned about the 
cuts to Medicare in this budget. I am also deeply concerned about the other cuts to health care in this budget. We all wish we could control whether we get sick or whether our children get sick or whether moms and dads get sick, but the reality is that health care is an issue for all of us. It is not a frill; it is a necessity. Medicare has ad-dressed that for seniors and people with disabilities in a way that gives them peace of mind and confidence in a quality medical system. 
We just addressed through a bill last 
night the whole question of making sure that doctors are paid and that they are available to people who are on Medicare. We have another part of the health care system called Medicaid, which is a lifeline to so many Ameri-cans who continue to feel the effects of the great recession and are struggling for basic health care needs. In fact, 80 percent of the Medicaid Program spending—80 percent of the dollars— goes to seniors in nursing homes and in some way impacts all of us—friends, neighbors, relatives. 
So we are looking at a budget on the 
Medicaid front—when we combine it all, eliminating the Medicaid expan-sion and having the other cuts in the budget—of a $1.2 trillion cut in the Senate budget. The Senate Republican budget cuts Medicaid health care—80 percent of which goes to seniors in nursing homes—by $1.2 trillion. It is even worse in the House. I worry when we are now looking at going to con-ference with the House of Representa-tives, where their combined cut was $1.7 trillion to Medicaid, of which most of the money goes to low-income sen-iors in nursing homes. They would then also turn it into a block grant and cut it on top of that, and we don’t even know if it would get spent on health care. 
Unfortunately, this budget, while not 
really balancing, is attempting to be balanced on the backs of the most vul-nerable Americans in our country, and our seniors are taking a huge hit in this budget. The House cuts all to-
gether $316 billion and moves away from the guaranteed benefit to some-thing that has been called vouchers or premium support or other structures that don’t look like Medicare. 
In the Senate, all together now, when 
you add it up and the effects of what was done last night, we are looking at a cut of $566 billion. 
My amendment would stop that $566 
billion cut in Medicare or at least it would instruct—I should clarify that. I wish it would just automatically stop it, but it would instruct the final con-ference committee to not move forward on that $566 billion in Medicare cuts. We are talking about Americans who have worked hard all their lives, and they have earned that health care ben-efit. 
Let me also say that when we think 
about a budget that would reflect op-portunity for everyone to get ahead or one that keeps a system rigged against the average American, we saw vote after vote where, unfortunately, col-leagues on the other side of the aisle let opportunities slip away to provide real equal pay for women, equal pay for equal work. Yesterday was the day in which women finally made as much money in 2014 as a man made in 2014. It took the majority of women in this country until yesterday to make the same amount of money. We have an op-portunity to fix that. The Republican colleagues said no. We had an oppor-tunity to invest in rebuilding Amer-ica—roads, bridges, water, sewer sys-tems, crumbling infrastructure. Our distinguished ranking member is a champion on the issue of infrastruc-ture. We had an opportunity to create millions of jobs and Republican col-leagues said no. We had an opportunity to invest in education but instead we saw—and we see—a bill that takes away funding for Pell grants that doesn’t help millions of Americans who are struggling to pay back college loans. 
I just left a group of high school stu-
dents from Brighton, MI, and the ques-tion I received was, What are you doing about the cost of college—and I am worried about the cost of college. I want to do the right thing. I want to go to school. They want to do what we are all asking them to do to get skills so they can compete in a global economy, be responsible adults. 
Too many will come out of that col-
lege experience with more than enough debt to buy a big house, and then they will not be able to buy the house as they dig themselves out of debt. 
We all know that in this bill, the Re-
publican budget, both in the House and Senate, repeals the Affordable Care Act—between 16 million American peo-ple, health care gone, on top of all of the cuts to Medicare for senior citi-zens, senior citizens in nursing homes under Medicaid. 
When we had an opportunity to close 
tax loopholes, I offered again my Bring Jobs Home Act to say a company 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.040 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2207 April 15, 2015 
should not be able to move on paper 
out of this country and avoid paying their fair share to contribute to the services of America. They still breathe the air. They still drink the water. They still drive on the roads. They still get the educated workforce. But they move on paper, and now they are not a part of those contributing to America. I don’t think that is very patriotic, frankly. We had a chance to close that and instead support the middle class, people working hard, increase their earned-income tax credit, and Repub-lican colleagues said no. 
So, unfortunately, we have in front 
of us a budget that says no to oppor-tunity to the majority of Americans and yes to continued policies that, frankly, have not worked because they are focused on the privileged few. 
If I might take just 1 more minute, I 
want to put my hat on as ranking member, former chair of the Senate Agriculture Committee, and say also that as a Member of the Budget Com-mittee and the Agriculture Committee, I strongly urge the leadership in the Senate not to accept the reconciliation instruction related to agriculture and to, therefore, open the farm bill, all of the phases of the farm bill that we worked so hard to get passed in a bi-partisan basis. 
I commend the chairman for not in-
cluding that reconciliation instruction in the Senate. I very much appreciate that, but the House does. We have Members on both sides of the aisle deeply concerned about reopening what is economic certainty. We have a lot of places that there is not certainty. But in rural America at least we have 5 years of economic certainty through the farm bill, and we have nearly 400 agricultural organizations led by the American Farm Bureau, food groups, conservation groups, nutrition groups that have asked us not to open the farm bill again in this process. I am very hopeful the Senate’s position on that will be the position that is main-tained. 
I offer an amendment that we will be 
voting on Medicare. I think it will be wonderful if we came together and said no to the cuts in Medicare and that we would show that we understand what is at stake for that program. Also, I hope we will very clearly indicate that we want to stand with rural America and our farmers and make sure they do not have to worry about opening the poli-cies of the farm bill until the 5 years on the farm bill has been completed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. I yield such time as the 
Senator from Nebraska needs to offer two motions. Those will be the last two offered, after which I think both sides are prepared to yield back their time and begin voting on the 13 different 
votes which we will be asking consent on when she finishes her speech. 
I yield time to the Senator from Ne-
braska. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska. MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending motion and call up my motion, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Which motion does the Senator wish 
to call up first? 
Mrs. FISCHER. Equal pay. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Nebraska [Mrs. F ISCHER ] 
moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amend-ment to the resolution S. Con. Res. 11 be in-structed to insist that the final conference report include a provision relating to pro-moting equal pay, which may include pre-venting discrimination on the basis of sex and preventing retaliation against employ-ees for seeking or discussing wage informa-tion, as included in section 356 of S. Con. Res. 11, as agreed to by the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending motion and call up my motion, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Nebraska [Mrs. F ISCHER ] 
moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amend-ment to the resolution S. Con. Res. 11 be in-structed to insist that the final conference report include a provision relating to a def-icit-neutral reserve fund relating to tax cred-its for employers providing paid family and medical leave. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that all time be yielded back except for 5 minutes equally di-vided between the managers and that the Senate vote on the pending mo-tions to instruct in the order listed, with 2 minutes equally divided in the usual form between each vote, and that all votes after the first in the series be limited to 10 minutes: No. 1 would be Brown on Wall Street banks; No. 2 would be Sanders, postal plant clo-sures; No. 3 would be Burr, student loans; No. 4 would be Warren, student loans; No. 5 would be Sanders, Social Security; No. 6 would be Schatz, same- sex marriage benefits; No. 7 would be Bennet, climate change; No. 8 would be Fischer, side-by-side to Mikulski; No. 9, Mikulski, equal pay for equal work; No. 10, Fischer, side-by-side to Murray; No. 11, Murray, paid sick leave; No. 12, 
Murray, eliminate sequestration; and No. 13, Stabenow, Medicare cuts. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, as I 
have indicated on many occasions, I think this Republican budget is, frank-ly, a disaster. It causes severe harm for some of the most vulnerable people in this country. It throws 27 million peo-ple off of health insurance. It forces el-derly people to pay more for prescrip-tion drugs. It cuts $90 billion in manda-tory Pell grants at a time when young people are struggling to be able to af-ford to go to college. Pell grants are one of the significant ways that they are able to go to college; $90 billion is cut. It cuts Head Start significantly, such that 110,000 fewer young children will be able to enroll in Head Start. It cuts title I education program money directed to schools with low-income kids, the schools who need help the most. 
At a time when so many of our fami-
lies are struggling to put food on the table, this budget cuts nutrition pro-grams, including the WIC Program, by $10 billion. That is the nutrition pro-gram that goes to pregnant women, mothers, and infants. It makes other 
massive cuts in nutrition. It makes cuts in affordable housing. It makes cuts in job training. 
Now, in the midst of all of this, what 
it does also, unbelievably, while wreak-ing havoc on the lives of millions of working families, it decides that we can afford to give huge tax breaks to the very, very, very wealthiest—the 
top two-tenths of 1 percent—by abol-ishing the estate tax which would pro-vide $263 billion in tax breaks for the wealthiest two-tenths of 1 percent of the American people. But then, after giving huge tax breaks to the very, very, very rich, what it does is raise taxes for low-income and working-class families by increasing taxes by $900 apiece for more than 13 million fami-lies by allowing the expansion of the earned-income tax credit and the child tax credit to expire. 
So massive cuts in health care, edu-
cation, and nutrition for working fami-lies; huge tax breaks—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for one more minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SANDERS. As I was saying, huge 
tax breaks for millionaires and billion-aires and then increased taxes for low- income and working people. This is moving the country in exactly the wrong direction. 
Today, our side of the aisle brought 
forth 10 separate motions to instruct, which, if passed, would make this budg-et a much better document, and I hope very much that both sides of the aisle will support these motions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.043 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2208 April 15, 2015 
With that, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I thank the 
ranking member for his cooperation to date and look forward to working with him on the conference committee, along with the Members of the House, both the Republicans and the Demo-
crats. The purpose of that is to make this is a better budget bill. 
I will reiterate that I had about 4 
weeks to put it together and 4 months to get it done. We have not done one in 8 years, so it was quite a challenge. We are getting closer now, and today we will have an opportunity to voice some concerns. I am glad we are at this point. I look forward to working with the conferees. 
I yield back any time. 
BROWN MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes equally divided prior to a vote in relation to the motion offered by the Senator from Ohio related to Wall Street banks. 
Who yields time? The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, this 
motion is being offered by Senator B
ROWN of Ohio. Our big banks are too 
big. The largest banks are now 38 per-cent larger than they were before the crisis. In terms of outstanding loans, one out of seven Americans is being pursued by a debt collector. U.S. banks are so big that the six largest financial institutions in this country today have assets of roughly $9.8 trillion, which is equivalent to 60 percent of the Nation’s GDP. 
Being big and powerful is good for 
the banks and bad for this country. For example, Bloomberg says the too-big- to-fail subsidy is massive. By being big, they get huge subsidies. It amounts to $83 billion a year, and that is why I support this provision to stop too big to fail. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, this bill is 
cosponsored by Senator V
ITTER from 
our side. If a big bank fails under the Senator’s reform, there is nothing that protects the taxpayers from having to save the bank. In other words, this ap-proach does not do what many experts believe is needed, which is to expand the bankruptcy laws to permit an or-derly disposition to failed banks with-out taxpayer bailouts. 
I will note that the specific policies 
listed are all authorities that exist today in various financial regulatory agencies, and I believe all Senators support the goal of eliminating the risk of taxpayer bailouts. 
Having said that, I ask that all the 
Republicans support this motion and offer to take it on a voice vote. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 86, 
nays 11, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 146 Leg.] 
YEAS—86 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner 
Gillibrand Graham Grassley Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen 
Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—11 
Alexander 
Burr Coats Cotton Crapo 
Flake Hatch Risch Sasse 
Tillis Toomey 
NOT VOTING—3 
Cruz Reid Vitter 
The motion was agreed to. 
SANDERS MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided prior to a vote in relation to the motion to instruct offered by the Sen-ator from Vermont relative to postal plant closures. 
The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, in the 
State of Vermont and I expect all over this country, especially in rural areas, what we have seen is a significant slowdown in mail delivery by the U.S. Postal Service. What this provision is about is the establishment of a deficit- neutral reserve fund which establishes a moratorium to prevent the shutting down of up to 82 mail processing plants all across this country. It is asking that we reinstate overnight delivery standards, undo what the Postal Serv-ice has done, that we protect rural services, and that we allow the Postal Service to innovate and adapt to com-pete in a digital age. 
The basic financial problems of the 
Postal Service are that they have to pay $5.5 billion every year in retire-ment benefits. That program already has $50 billion in its account. Do away with that, and the Postal Service will 
make a modest profit. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, there is a 
huge concern, particularly in rural America, about the closing down of the processing centers in States. Our State no longer has a processing center. It takes at least an extra day to get the mail. 
So I would urge my colleagues to ac-
cept this motion, and I would ask if the sponsor would take it by voice vote. 
Mr. SANDERS. I have to call for a 
rollcall vote on this one. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
and the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L EE). 
Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 85, 
nays 11, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 147 Leg.] 
YEAS—85 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken 
Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—11 
Cassidy 
Coats Corker Flake Kirk 
Lee Paul Perdue Rubio 
Tillis Toomey 
NOT VOTING—4 
Boxer 
Cruz Reid 
Vitter 
The motion was agreed to. 
BURR MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided prior to a vote in relation to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.046 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2209 April 15, 2015 
motion to instruct by the Senator from 
North Carolina relative to student loans. 
The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I rise to 
offer a motion to instruct conferees that would insist that the final con-ference report on the budget include a provision to address student loans. This very simple motion to instruct tracks the amendment introduced by me and Senators K
ING, W ARNER , and 
ALEXANDER that was included in the 
budget resolution by a voice vote. 
The Senate has already demonstrated 
its support by unanimously passing this under a voice vote. 
I yield to my cosponsor, Senator 
K
ING. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I rise to 
support this amendment. This simply simplifies the repayment options for students under the present student loan program, which is, frankly, very confusing—up to nine different pro-grams with confusing names and con-fusing terms. This boils it down to two simple ones: a fixed repayment sched-ule or a variable schedule based upon income. I should mention that I see this as an important stand-alone provi-sion. 
I am also going to support Senator 
W
ARREN ’s amendment on refinancing 
student loans. 
I believe this is an important amend-
ment. I urge my colleagues to vote yes. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time in opposition? 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent to yield back all time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, all time is yielded back. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 97, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 148 Leg.] 
YEAS—97 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown 
Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran 
Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin 
Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford 
Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds 
Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Boxer Cruz Vitter 
The motion was agreed to. 
WARREN MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes equally divided prior to a vote in relation to the motion offered by the Senator from Massachusetts rel-ative to student loans. 
The Senator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I sup-
port simplifying student loans—the motion that just passed 97 to 0—and I commend Senators K
INGand B URR, but 
it is not enough. We need to cut the in-terest rate on student loans. The Fed-eral Government should not be making a profit off the backs of our kids who are trying to get an education. 
This bill is paid for by asking mil-
lionaires and billionaires to pay taxes at the same rate as middle-class fami-lies. 
This is a bill which really puts it to 
the Senate. Are we here to work just for the millionaires and billionaires or are we here to work for young people who are trying to get an education? This Senate works all the time for bil-lionaires. Today, I hope we can make it work for our students. 
I urge adoption of this motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I urge my 
colleagues to vote against the Warren motion. What the Senator wants to do is to create yet another repayment pro-gram, which ultimately ends up cost-ing students more than the income- based repayment. She puts hundreds of billions of private debt on the Federal books and pretends the cost is free. Rather than fixing the maze of repay-ment programs, she adds to it with a new program that is ultimately less generous than the existing program. Whereas the Federal Government in-come-based repayment program and other related loan repayment programs will cap payments as a percentage of an individual’s income, Senator W
AR-
REN’s legislation would only lower the 
interest rate on those payments, poten-tially steering students into higher monthly payments than they face in those other programs. So I urge my colleagues to oppose the Warren mo-tion. I yield back. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
Ms. WARREN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 45, 
nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 149 Leg.] 
YEAS—45 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
Boxer Cruz Vitter 
The motion was rejected. 
SANDERS MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided prior to a vote in relation to the motion offered by the Senator from Vermont relative to Social Security. 
The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, Social 
Security is arguably the most impor-tant Federal program we have. It is life and death to millions of senior citizens, people who have to figure out how they pay for food, how they heat their homes, how they pay for their medi-cine. Social Security is not going broke. It could pay out all benefits for the next 18 years. 
What this provision does is make it 
clear that we go on record to not cut Social Security benefits, not raise the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.049 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2210 April 15, 2015 
retirement age, not privatize Social 
Security. Let’s stand with the seniors of this country. Let us protect Social Security, not cut it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, under the 
budget rules we can’t do anything to Social Security. So this doesn’t provide permission or denial of anything that we can do at the present time. We can-not touch Social Security under the budget. 
So I ask for the Senator to take a 
voice vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PERDUE ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 84, 
nays 13, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 150 Leg.] 
YEAS—84 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Isakson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—13 
Coats Cochran Flake Hatch Inhofe Johnson 
Lankford Lee McConnell Perdue Sasse 
Scott Sessions 
NOT VOTING—3 
Boxer Cruz Vitter 
The motion was agreed to. 
SCHATZ MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes equally divided prior to a vote in relation to the motion offered by the Senator from Hawaii relative to same-sex marriage benefits. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, on this mo-
tion, I think we are willing to yield back all time and accept it on a voice 
vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, all time is yielded back. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
VOTE EXPLANATION  
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I would 
like the R ECORD to reflect that had the 
vote on the Schatz motion to instruct conferees been conducted by a rollcall vote, I would have voted nay. 
BENNET MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided prior to a vote in relation to the motion offered by the Senator from Colorado relative to climate change. 
The Senator from Colorado. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I rise to 
offer a very simple motion to instruct the budget conferees. It encourages the conferees to address the economic and national security threats posed by cli-mate change. During our consideration of the budget, I offered an amendment that outlined these threats and high-lighted the need to act. That amend-ment passed the Senate by a 53-to-47 vote. It was supported by both Repub-licans and Democrats. The same lan-guage should be included in the final budget conference. 
During the markup, the Budget Com-
mittee adopted a complementary amendment which discussed the impor-tance of climate change initiatives in the Department of Defense. The lan-guage should be included in the final budget resolution. 
Let’s make it clear that the Congress 
plans to respond to the serious eco-nomic and national security threats posed by climate change. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this motion to 
instruct. 
I yield the floor, and I ask for a voice 
vote. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, we are will-
ing to accept it on a voice vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
further debate on the motion? 
If not, the question is on agreeing to 
the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
FISCHER MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes equally divided prior to a vote in relation to the motion offered by the Senator from Nebraska relative to equal pay. 
The Senator from Nebraska. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, this 
motion takes an important step for-ward by providing necessary updates to current law regarding nonretaliation. The change was supported on a bipar-tisan during our recent budget debate. 
This motion reinforces current law 
by banning gender discrimination under both the Equal Pay Act and title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act. Con-trary to the claims of some, both of these laws enable women to sue for dis-crimination. 
Furthermore, my motion contains 
language similar to President Obama’s April 2014 Executive order stating that 
employees cannot be punished for exer-cising their First Amendment rights by speaking with employers or coworkers about their wages. 
I cannot support the motion of the 
Senator from Maryland. It removes merit pay, which I believe provides women with opportunities to advance in their careers, and merit pay recog-nizes a woman’s hard work and her contributions. It also eliminates any li-ability cap under the motion of the Senator from Maryland, which I be-lieve benefits only attorneys and not families. For the first time we are able to do this. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time in opposition? 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
All time has expired. The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 57, 
nays 40, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 151 Leg.] 
YEAS—57 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker 
NAYS—40 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Boxer Cruz Vitter 
The motion was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.051 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2211 April 15, 2015 
MIKULSKI MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided prior to a vote in relation to the motion offered by the Senator from Maryland related to equal pay. 
The Senator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I have 
an alternative and far more com-prehensive approach than the Senator from Nebraska just offered. Although I respect her and her advocacy for women, the Mikulski amendment in the well would really finish the job we started with Lilly Ledbetter. Yes, it would deal with the issue of harass-ment on the job if one asks for infor-mation, which the Fischer amendment only dealt with. My amendment would go several steps further. No. 2, it would provide punitive damages for women who have been wrongly denied equal pay for several years. No. 3, it also eliminates the false reasons people give for not paying equal pay for equal work. 
The Mikulski amendment is more 
comprehensive, more robust, and will really finish the job and close the loop-holes big corporations have had for years. So if my colleagues like the Fischer amendment, they will be crazy about the Mikulski amendment. Go all the way, not just part of the way. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does 
anyone wish to speak in opposition? 
Mr. ENZI. We yield back our time, 
and we will take a voice vote. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas 
and nays have been requested. 
Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 44, 
nays 53, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 152 Leg.] 
YEAS—44 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NAYS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
Boxer Cruz Vitter 
The motion was rejected. 
FISCHER MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided prior to a vote in relation to the motion offered by the Senator from Ne-braska relative to paid sick leave. 
The Senator from Nebraska. Mrs. FISCHER. Thank you, Mr. 
President. 
Workplace flexibility is a necessity 
for our 21st-century families, and Sen-ator K
INGand I have come up with a 
proposal that I think really addresses this in a way that is voluntary and incentivizes businesses to truly help 
families, help those hourly workers meet the needs they are facing in this workplace environment and in their family environments. 
I yield the rest of my time to Senator 
K
ING. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I rise in 
support of this amendment and in sup-port of the United States finally join-ing the civilized nations of the world in providing for family leave for our citi-zens. I know this amendment doesn’t go as far as some would like, but I be-lieve it is very credible, enforceable legislation that can move forward and really change the lives of thousands and millions of people across this coun-try. 
I commend the Senator from Ne-
braska for bringing this amendment forward, and I intend to support it and urge my colleagues to do likewise. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, if all time 
is yielded back, we would be willing to take a voice vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there 
is no objection, all time is yielded back. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
MURRAY MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to the motion of-fered by the Senator from Washington relative to paid sick leave. 
The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Thank you, Mr. 
President. Congress, we have to vote on an econ-
omy that works for all of our families, not just the wealthiest few. Today, 43 million Americans do not have access to paid sick days, and when they are sick, they have to choose between los-ing money out of their paycheck or toughing it out and showing up to work. 
I was delighted that during our budg-
et debate, a bipartisan majority—61 Senators strong—agreed that Congress should allow workers to earn paid sick days. The amendment that just passed is voluntary. It would only benefit a se-lect number of people who work for em-ployers who already do the right thing. 
This amendment will make sure that 
we boost worker productivity and re-duce turnover, which are benefits to both employers and employees. I urge my colleagues to vote for this in a strong vote. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield back our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time in opposition? 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, we would be 
willing to accept this on a voice vote, and we yield back all time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
having been yielded back, the question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
MURRAY MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to the motion of-fered by the Senator from Washington relating to sequestration elimination. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, Demo-
crats and Republicans agree that the automatic spending cuts across defense and nondefense investments are ter-rible policy and need to be fixed. The bipartisan Budget Act we passed last Congress did exactly that for the past 2 years and offered us a template for how we can tackle this challenge in a bipar-tisan way, once again. 
We do not need to rely on gimmicks 
in this budget or the hopes that we will somehow solve this later. We can fix 
this now in this conference. I urge my colleagues to support this vote in-structing the conferees to roll back se-questration, allow the Appropriations Committee to do their work and not kick this can down the road for all of us to address later. 
I urge its adoption. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, there is a 
difference between how it got voted through last year, which was actually an appropriation rather than a budget. This does raise taxes in order to over-come the sequestration. So I am urging a ‘‘no’’ vote. We have agreed to have a voice vote on this one. 
We yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
having been yielded back, the question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was rejected. 
STABENOW MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.057 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2212 April 15, 2015 
minutes of debate equally divided prior 
to a vote in relation to the motion of-fered by the Senator from Michigan re-lating to Medicare cuts. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, my 
motion would instruct conferees to re-move from the final budget resolution any Medicare cuts that would increase out-of-pocket costs for senior citizens, eliminating guaranteed benefits or making structural changes to Medicare by turning it into a voucher-based sys-
tem or premium support system. 
I think one of our greatest concerns 
in this budget, among many, is the fact that when you add it all up, there are $566 billion in Medicare cuts in this Senate resolution. Shockingly, it is more than even the House cuts. I would urge that we stand with people who pay into a health care system that works. They have earned those benefits. They are counting on those benefits. 
Seniors and people with disabilities 
across the country need to know Medi-care is an intact, guaranteed health care system for them. 
I urge support for my motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I am going 
to urge my colleagues to reject this motion to instruct. I credit Senator S
TABENOW ’s instincts to approach the 
question of Medicare seriously. I am sure she knows we all take Medicare’s future seriously. There are some prob-lems with Medicare that need to be solved. 
The budget shows Medicare’s rate of 
growth for an average annual rate of 6.4 to 5.5 percent over the next 10 years. Why does the budget resolution adopt these numbers? Because Republicans and the President agree we must act on policies which extend the life of the Medicare trust fund. 
The budget does this by adopting the 
President’s goal of extending the life of Medicare’s hospital insurance trust fund by at least 5 years. According to the Medicare trustees themselves, the hospital insurance fund could be insol-vent as early as 2021, just 6 years from now. 
Independent actuaries at the Centers 
for Medicare and Medicaid report that over the next 75 years, the Federal Government has promised more than $35 trillion in Medicare benefits. So Re-publicans joined with the President in looking to extend the life of the hos-pital insurance trust fund and make the Medicare program sustainable. 
So I ask that you reject this motion 
to instruct. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, if I 
might take just 1 more moment, I do not think I used all my time. 
I just want to say for the record, the 
President of the United States is not supporting $566 billion in cuts to Medi-care. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
Ms. STABENOW. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 45, 
nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 153 Leg.] 
YEAS—45 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
Boxer Cruz Vitter 
The motion was rejected. 
The Presiding Officer appointed Mr. 
ENZI, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
CRAPO , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. J OHNSON , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. 
WICKER , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. 
SANDERS , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. W YDEN , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
WARNER , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Mr. K AINE, and Mr. K INGconferees on 
the part of the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE KILGORE COL-
LEGE RANGERETTES 75TH ANNI-VERSARY 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
my colleagues to join me today in hon-oring the world famous Kilgore College 
Rangerettes on the occasion of their 75th anniversary. 
In an effort to increase female enroll-
ment and to keep fans in their seats during halftime at football games, Kil-gore College Dean of Students B.E. Masters invited Gussie Nell Davis to create an all-women’s precision dance- and-drill team. On September 19, 1940, the Rangerettes performed their first halftime show during a Kilgore College football game. 
With their signature Western-styled 
red, white, and blue uniforms and cow-boy hats, the Kilgore College Rangerettes brought show business to the football field. Their precise and graceful performances captured the hearts of the fans and pioneered a brandnew type of halftime show. 
The Rangerettes have attained na-
tional and international recognition. Dubbed ‘‘The Sweethearts of the Grid-iron,’’ the Rangerettes travel across the country performing at high-profile events, including every Cotton Bowl halftime show since 1951, the 60th Pearl Harbor Memorial Commemoration, Presidential inaugural events, and multiple Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Pa-rades. Their fame and prestige have spread across the globe with perform-ances in Venezuela, the millennial St. Patrick’s Day Parade in Ireland, and a 15-day tour of Romania. 
The Rangerettes’ achievements and 
honors have been highlighted in cover stories in magazines including Life, Newsweek, Esquire, Texas Monthly, and Texas 24/7. Additionally, they were featured in the Cinerama movie ‘‘The Seven Wonders of the World.’’ Today, they continue to set training and per-formance standards to which other drill teams aspire. 
I am honored to congratulate the Kil-
gore College Rangerettes on their 75th anniversary and look forward to their continued tradition of excellence as they perform across Texas, the United States, and the world. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Loretta 
Lynch’s nomination to be Attorney General has languished on the Senate floor for 48 days. This unnecessary wait time is twice as long as the last seven Attorney General nominees combined. Under any standard, she is not being treated fairly. For nearly 7 weeks, she has waited for her confirmation vote to be scheduled by the majority leader. She has now earned the support to be confirmed, and if the leader would sim-ply schedule her vote, this eminently qualified prosecutor could get to work as our next Attorney General. 
Last month, after Ms. Lynch’s nomi-
nation had already been pending on the floor for weeks, the majority leader inexplicably chose to hold her nomina-tion hostage until he got his way on a partisan provision in unrelated legisla-tion. That Loretta Lynch is being de-nied a confirmation vote over human 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.061 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2213 April 15, 2015 
trafficking legislation is a cruel irony 
since she has a proven record of pros-ecuting child rapists and human traf-fickers. If Members want a prosecutor with a deep commitment to fighting human trafficking, then they should support Loretta Lynch. 
The American people deserve to 
know that while the majority leader said he would block a confirmation vote on Ms. Lynch until we passed un-related legislation, the Senate has voted 74 times on other matters. If the Senate can vote on a Republican budg-et, legislation to increase payments to doctors, and on the confirmation of several other nominees, then of course we can and should vote on the nomina-tion of our Nation’s next chief law en-forcement officer. There is simply no excuse. 
Every additional day that Ms. 
Lynch’s nomination languishes on the floor is another day Senate Repub-licans fail to govern responsibly. This Congress, it took more than 3 months for Senate Republicans to schedule a vote on a single judicial nominee. And even though the Senate finally did con-firm a district court nominee this week, nine more judicial nominees are waiting to be considered. This is no way to respect the dedicated public servants who have been nominated and no way to treat our coequal branches of government. 
The Republican leader has the oppor-
tunity to show the American people what we can do when we work to-gether. He should call Loretta Lynch’s nomination up for a vote without fur-ther delay. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to engage in a col-loquy with my colleague from Maine. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
JOB CORPS 50TH ANNIVERSARY  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to join Senator K INGin recog-
nizing the Job Corps program on its 50th anniversary. Job Corps helps at- risk young people ages 16 through 24 improve the quality of their lives through vocational and academic training. On August 30, 1964, President Lyndon B. Johnson signed legislation creating Job Corps. Today, one-half century later, generations of graduates in Maine and across America dem-onstrate why Job Corps has been one of our Nation’s best investments. 
Since its founding, more than 2.7 mil-
lion young people have entered the Job Corps program with the determination to succeed and have graduated with the confidence and the skills to do so. The success rate is extraordinary. Nearly 86 percent of Job Corps graduates find employment in their fields, go on to higher education or serve our country in uniform. Job Corps students do not just learn a trade—they cultivate high aspirations and a commitment to serv-ice. 
As I travel throughout Maine, I have 
extensive conversations with small business owners and workers about the challenges they face. While there is no 
doubt that our Nation’s unemployment rate remains unacceptably high, I have met with employers in Maine who have jobs available but who cannot find qualified and trained workers to fill these vacant positions. 
With two centers in Maine, Job Corps 
not only helps young people in our State gain the skills that lead to re-warding careers, but it also improves their lives, assists employers, and strengthens communities. The Penob-scot Job Corps Academy in Bangor, ME, and the Loring Job Corps Center in Limestone, ME, have the capability to serve nearly 800 at-risk youth on a daily basis. Over the past several dec-ades, these two centers have compiled an impressive record of success in pre-paring disadvantaged youth for the workplace or higher education. 
The combination of skills, self-con-
fidence, and determination Job Corps offers can help young people overcome the setbacks, obstacles, and failures that often are part of life. The focus on community service at both centers helps to create the involved citizens that are so important to Maine’s fu-ture. These centers put these young men and women on a path to being suc-cessful and vital contributing members of our country. 
Job Corps was founded on the noble 
idea that, if given the opportunity, the support, and the training, America’s young people could overcome any ob-stacles and achieve. For 50 years, Job Corps graduates have turned that idea into reality. I congratulate Job Corps again on this accomplishment. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I join the 
senior Senator from Maine in con-gratulating Job Corps on 50 years of service to our country’s youth. Across the Nation, Job Corps provides training and career skills to economically dis-advantaged young adults, helping them attain a high school diploma or equiva-lent and career technical training to prepare them for success in today’s job market. This program is extremely im-portant, giving young people who need a second chance the opportunity to forge a better career for themselves through hard work and meaningful study. 
The Penobscot Job Corps Center in 
Bangor, ME, and the Loring Job Corps Center in Limestone, ME, have consist-ently proven to be outstanding assets to our State, helping young Mainers prepare to enter the workforce or pur-sue post-secondary education every year. Through a combination of unique learning experiences, these institutions are helping the next generation of Maine students work towards stable, long-term jobs. 
In October of 2013 I was proud to con-
gratulate the Penobscot Job Corps Academy for its certification as a Cen-ter of Environmental Excellence. This distinction recognizes Job Corps cam-puses that show leadership in imple-menting Job Corps’ guiding principles for high performance green buildings. At the time, the Penobscot Job Corps 
was one of only two centers in the country to receive this distinction. 
This initiative prompted Job Corps 
facilities across the United States to not only reduce their environmental impact, but to also teach their stu-dents to live and work sustainably. The skills and knowledge that students re-ceive from this program will surely help them compete in an increasingly environmentally focused labor market. 
Job Corps centers are an important 
facet of our workforce development system and have a proven record of success in preparing disadvantaged stu-dents to obtain and hold a job or pur-sue opportunities in higher education. I wish Job Corps another 50 years of suc-cess, and I am proud of the many young people in Maine and across the country who have used this program to make a better life for themselves. 
The contributions of Maine’s Job 
Corps centers simply cannot be over-stated, and I look forward to watching their continued development. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
GREELEY HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL 
OBSERVANCES 
∑Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, this 
year marks 70 years since the spring of 1945, when Allied forces liberated con-centration camps, a major milestone in the end of the Holocaust. 
For more than 30 years, the Greeley 
Holocaust Memorial Observances has helped raise awareness of the atrocities of Nazi crimes and the perils of anti- Semitism, hatred, and intolerance. This month, the Greeley Holocaust Me-morial Observances will continue its longstanding tradition of remembering the victims of the Holocaust, com-memorating the end of this horrific part of our history, and educating Coloradans about the importance of the Holocaust with discussions, films, exhibits, and workshops. This year’s events will include presentations by Holocaust survivor Nathan Taffel. 
It is my pleasure to commend the 
Greeley Holocaust Memorial Observ-ances Committee for their dedicated service to this critical cause and to congratulate the Committee on its 32nd Greeley Holocaust Memorial Ob-servances, 70 years after the end of the Holocaust. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING EDGEWATER, NEW 
JERSEY FIRST RESPONDERS 
∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize and pay tribute to the heroic first responders of Edgewater, NJ, and surrounding com-munities, who successfully extin-guished one of the largest fires in the history of Bergen County. On Wednes-day, January 21, 2015, a massive fire de-stroyed an apartment building and dis-placed over 1,000 Borough residents, leaving many homeless during the bit-ter mid-winter months. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.019 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2214 April 15, 2015 
At 4:20 p.m. that day, smoke billowed 
along the western skyline of the Hud-son River as Edgewater first responders rushed to the scene of a 7-alarm fire. Mayor Michael McPartland declared a local state of emergency, and the Edgewater Fire Department fought to control the blaze, which ultimately de-stroyed 240 of the 408 apartments in the complex. While civilians and first re-sponders reported no serious injuries, hundreds of residents lost their homes, pets, and possessions. Were it not for the quick response of Edgewater’s dedi-cated first responders, there could eas-ily have been loss of life, and property damage would have been far greater. 
By the end of the event, 35 depart-
ments and agencies from across the re-gion had responded to the call for help. Over 500 police officers, firefighters, emergency medical technicians, and other emergency personnel were on the scene, many of whom stayed until 7 a.m. the next morning. I would like to take this opportunity to recognize and honor some of these brave individuals for their fearless service to our com-munity: 
Chief of Police William Skidmore, 
head of the 27-member Edgewater po-lice force, who made sure his officers secured the fire perimeter and con-trolled crowds, ensuring that both emergency personnel and residents re-mained at a safe distance. 
Emergency Management Coordinator 
Robert Christiansen, who worked close-ly with Chief Skidmore to lead coordi-nation efforts among the many county, State, and Federal emergency services that responded to the fire. 
Fire Chief Tom Jacobson, who man-
aged the overall firefighting response and coordinated 250 firefighters, 2 fire-boats from the Fire Department of the City of New York, 2 Jersey City marine units, and 1 New Jersey State Police boat in fighting the blaze. 
First Aid Squad Captain Kathy 
Frato, who led her team of EMTs in as-sisting residents and those firefighters who continued to battle the fire into the morning hours. 
The firefighters of the Edgewater 
Volunteer Fire Department, who worked through the night to battle this massive blaze. 
All of the first responders of the 
Edgewater Fire Department, Police De-partment, and First Aid Squad, in addi-tion to the first responders from the 35 
assisting municipalities, who helped to protect life and property. Their cour-age and commitment to their commu-nity is an example to all, and I could not be more grateful for their service. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING JOE VENTO 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Grammy Award- winning musician Joe Vento on receiv-ing the Century Award, an accolade well deserved in recognition of his many sacrifices. Mr. Vento has served both this great Nation and the city of Las Vegas throughout his life and is a true inspiration for all Nevadans. Mr. Vento’s passion for music began 
at an early age and had him playing the piano and accordion in New York by age 4. He later used his talents in a different setting, bringing the joy of music to those around him in time of war. Mr. Vento was in the U.S. Army Band near the end of World War II and served in World War II, the Korean war, and Vietnam. He received a bat-tlefield commission of three stars from Marine Commandant Lew Walt during his time in Vietnam at a special con-cert for U.S. troops. Mr. Vento not only deserves recognition for his bravery in serving our country but also for his de-termination in providing entertain-ment for those courageously fighting for our freedom alongside him. His ac-tions prove his selflessness and com-passion for others. 
There is no way to adequately thank 
the men and women who lay down their lives for our freedoms. I extend my deepest gratitude to Mr. Vento for his courageous contributions to the United States of America. His service to his country and his bravery and dedication earn him a place among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly defended our Nation. As a member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I recognize that Congress has a responsibility not only to honor these brave individuals who serve our Nation but also to ensure they are cared for when they return home. I re-main committed to upholding this promise for our veterans and service-members in Nevada and throughout the Nation. 
Mr. Vento’s service to others did not 
end on the battlefield. He spent the next 70 years bringing incredible music to the city of Las Vegas. In the 1950s, he began performing with the Three Sons and remained with the group for 27 years. He made numerous appear-ances on prestigious shows, appeared in command performances at the White House and Imperial Palaces in Tokyo and Beijing, and conducted perform-ances with Victor Borge, Nelson Eddy, and the Veteran Tonight Show Big Band. He also performed at the Paris hotel in Las Vegas. Most recently, Mr. Vento has lent his musical talent to the Royal Resort just off the strip. Mr. Vento’s unwavering commitment to the Las Vegas community will never be forgotten. His music will be legend for years to come. 
Today, I ask my colleagues and all 
Nevadans to join me in congratulating Mr. Vento on his award and in recog-nizing his years of service to both the United States of America and the Las Vegas community. I wish him the best of luck in all of his musical years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SAM KAPOURALES 
∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize a dear friend, a dedicated public servant and a passionate West Virginia leader, Sam Kapourales, who is celebrating his 80th birthday on April 19, 2015. After proudly knowing 
Sam and his lovely wife Dee for more than four decades, it is a special privi-lege to celebrate Sam’s vast achieve-ments and his many years of steadfast service to Mingo County, to West Vir-ginia, and to our Nation. 
I have never met anyone more hum-
ble, community-minded and family-ori-ented than Sam. Throughout his 80 years, and still today, Sam has always answered the call of service. At every turn of the road—whether as the mayor of Williamson in Mingo County for nearly 21 years, as the prosperous busi-ness owner of Kapourales Properties, as a successful pharmacist or as an in-valuable member of countless boards and organizations that focused on help-ing others and impacting our local communities—Sam has never lost touch with his faith, his family and 
those in need. 
As a devout Mason, Sam has lead a 
life devoted to personal reflection, self- improvement and social betterment. He is a pure, true-blue West Virginian who has shown time after time that he loves his State and the people of West Virginia through his actions of service and philanthropy. For instance, Sam served as president of the Childhood Language Center in Charleston, where children with speech impediments could receive necessary treatments and services. 
He also helped recruit much-needed 
medical services and physicians to the Tug Valley region as a sponsor of the Tug Valley Area Ambulance Service. And as proud Shriner and member of the Beni Kedem Temple in Charleston, even serving a term as Potentate—a true honor indeed—Sam helped raise funds to transport disabled, burnt or sick children to regional medical facili-ties. Sam and Dee even started a schol-arship to provide additional edu-cational opportunities for graduating seniors at Mingo Central High School. 
Yet Sam’s tireless community efforts 
do not even begin to stop there. Throughout the years, Sam served as a member on the West Virginia Board of Pharmacy, the West Virginia Health Care Authority Board, and the West Virginia Housing Development Author-ity Board. He was Director of the First National Bank of Williamson, the First Bank of Charleston, the Summit State Bank, and the Energy Services of America Corporation. He also chaired the advisory board of Southern West Virginia Community College of Nurs-ing. 
Because of his passion, discipline, 
and staunch work ethic, it is no sur-prise that Sam has been recognized for his community efforts multiple times throughout the years. Yet to Sam, he says that the greatest of honors be-stowed upon him is being a recipient of the 33rd Degree of the Scottish Rite, which is only granted for exceptional service to Freemasonry. His entire life, I never knew Sam to turn down partici-pating in worthwhile cause or helping a neighbor in need. And I truly think 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.060 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2215 April 15, 2015 
that dedication stems from that of 
Sam’s mission as a heartfelt Mason. 
Sam’s unwavering dedication to 
Mingo County and the Mountain State, accompanied by his innovative vision, inspirational spirit, and savvy apti-tude, have helped countless West Vir-ginians throughout the years. His loy-alty, trustworthiness, and dedication know no bounds. So today, I join his wife Dee his two wonderful daughters, Stephie-Anna and Susanna, and all West Virginians in wishing Sam Kapourales a very happy birthday. I look forward to celebrating many more birthdays with my dear friend for years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:54 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House agrees to the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, with an amendment. 
The message also announced that the 
House insists upon its amendment to the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, and asks a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon; and appoints Mr. T
OMPRICE of 
Georgia, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Ms. M OORE  
as managers of the conference on the part of the House. 
At 12:43 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 650. An act to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mort-gage. 
H.R. 685. An act to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to improve upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection 
with a mortgage transaction. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 650. An act to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mort-gage; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
H.R. 685. An act to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to improve upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1152. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Difenoconazole; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9923–82) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1153. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Thiram; Pesticide Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9924–86) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1154. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Deltamethrin; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9924–60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–1155. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘2-Propanoic acid, 2-methyl-, 2- methylpropyl ester; Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9924–33) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–1156. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Extension of Tolerances for Emer-gency Exemptions (Multiple Chemicals)’’ (FRL No. 9924–40) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 1, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1157. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Marketing Order Regulating the Handling of Spearmint Oil Produced in the Far West; Revision of the Salable Quantity and Allotment Percentage for Class 3 (Na-tive) Spearmint Oil for the 2014–2015 Mar-keting Year’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–13–0087; 
FV14–985–1C IR) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. 
EC–1158. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Marketing Order Regulating the Handling of Spearmint Oil Produced in the Far West; Revision of the Salable Quantity and Allotment Percentage for Class 1 (Scotch) Spearmint Oil for the 2014–2015 Mar-keting Year’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–13–0087; FV14–985–1A FIR) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 8, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1159. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fruit, Vegetable, and Specialty Crops—Import Regulations; Changes to Re-porting Requirements to Add Electronic Form Filing Options’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV– 13–0093; FV15–944/980/999–1 IR) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 8, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1160. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Residual Inter-est Deadline for Futures Commission Mer-chants’’ (RIN3038–AE22) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 1, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1161. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘An-nual Report on the Impact of the Homeland Security Act on Immigration Functions Transferred to the Department of Homeland Security’’; to the Committees on the Judici-ary; and Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–1162. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–010); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1163. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–147); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1164. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–140); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1165. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–121); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1166. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0029—2015–0031); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.056 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2216 April 15, 2015 
EC–1167. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Re-port of the Attorney General to the Congress of the United States on the Administration of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended, for the six months ending June 30, 2014’’; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1168. A joint communication from the 
Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, transmitting a re-quest relative to issuing a travel restriction on senior officials’ travel to Afghanistan for the period of June 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–1169. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Af-fairs), transmitting, a report of proposed leg-islation entitled ‘‘National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1170. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Salvatore A. Angelella, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1171. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Thomas W. Travis, United States Air Force, and his ad-vancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1172. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), Department of Defense, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 1, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1173. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Program Ac-quisition Unit Cost (PAUC) and Average Pro-curement Unit Cost (APUC) for the Unitary and Baseline/BLU–108 variants of the Joint Standoff Weapon (JSOW) Program; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1174. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2015 Annual Report to Congress on the Department of De-fense Chemical and Biological Defense Pro-gram’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1175. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Af-fairs), transmitting, a report of proposed leg-islation entitled ‘‘National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1176. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a notice of the continuation of the national emergency with respect to So-malia that was declared in Executive Order 13536 of April 12, 2010; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1177. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of Housing-Federal Hous-ing Commissioner, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Housing Administration (FHA): Re-moval of Section 235 Home Ownership Pro-gram Regulations’’ (Docket No. FR–5829–F– 01) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-
ate on April 8, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1178. A communication from the Chair-
man, Federal Financial Institutions Exam-ination Council, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Council’s 2014 Annual Report to Congress; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1179. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a notice of the continuation of the national emergency with respect to South Sudan that was declared in Executive Order 13664 of April 3, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1180. A communication from the Sec-
retary, Division of Corporate Finance, Secu-rities and Exchange Commission, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Amendments to Regulation A’’ (RIN3235–AL39) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 31, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–1181. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001, with respect to persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–1182. A communication from the Execu-
tive Director of the Office of Minority and Women Inclusion, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treas-ury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Of-fice’s fiscal year 2014 Annual Report to Con-gress; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1183. A communication from the Execu-
tive Vice President and Chief Financial Offi-cer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Bank’s 2014 management reports; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1184. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1185. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revi-sions to Support Documents Requirements for License Applications Under the Export Administration Regulations’’ (RIN0694–AG00) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1186. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Beyond Traf-fic 2045: Trends and Choices’’; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1187. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Commerce, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1188. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648– XD813) received in the Office of the President 
of the Senate on March 25, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1189. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Ex-clusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands; 2015 and 2016 Har-vest Specifications for Groundfish’’ (RIN0648–XD587) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 25, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1190. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Ex-clusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Gulf of Alaska; Final 2015 and 2016 Harvest Speci-fications for Groundfish; Final Rule’’ (RIN0648–XD516) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 25, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1191. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Office of National Marine Sanctuaries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Olympia Coast National Ma-rine Sanctuary Regulations; Correction’’ (RIN0648–BE48) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 25, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1192. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Office of National Marine Sanctuaries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Expansion of Gulf of the Farallones and Cordell Bank National Ma-rine Sanctuaries, and Regulatory Changes; Final Rule’’ (RIN0648–BD18) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 25, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1193. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Office of National Marine Sanctuaries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Gulf of the Farallones and Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuaries Regulations on Introduced Species’’ (RIN0648–BC26) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 25, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1194. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Connect America Fund; Developing a Unified Intercarrier Compensation Regime’’ ((RIN3060–AG49) (DA 15–249)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1195. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Vessels Using Jig Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XD800) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1196. A communication from the Chair-
man, Federal Maritime Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the 53rd Annual 
Report of the activities of the Federal Mari-time Commission for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP6.032 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2217 April 15, 2015 
EC–1197. A communication from the Dep-
uty Chief Management Officer, Pension Ben-efit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Director, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 8, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1198. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Food and Drug Administra-tion Regulations; Change of Addresses; Tech-nical Amendment’’ (Docket No. FDA–2015–N– 0011) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 8, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1199. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a financial report relative to the Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012 for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1200. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Advisory Committee; Anti- Infective Drugs Advisory Committee’’ (Dock-et No. FDA–2009–N–0443) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 8, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1201. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Administration for Children and Families, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technical Regulation: Removal of Child Abuse and Ne-glect Prevention and Treatment Act Imple-menting Regulations’’ (45 CFR Part 1340) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1202. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year (FY) 2014 Performance Report to Con-gress for the Medical Device User Fee Amendments of 2012’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1203. A communication from the Divi-
sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Oil and Gas; Hydrau-lic Fracturing on Federal and Indian Lands’’ (RIN1004–AE26) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 26, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–1204. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Acquisition Regu-lation: Technical and Administrative Changes to Department of Energy Acquisi-tion Regulation’’ (RIN1991–AC07) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 25, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1205. A communication from the Chief 
Human Capital Officer, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Chief Financial Officer, Department of Energy, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
April 2, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1206. A communication from the Chief 
Human Capital Officer, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Di-rector, Advanced Research Projects Agency Energy, Department of Energy, received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
EC–1207. A communication from the Chief 
Human Capital Officer, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary for Science, Department of Energy, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1208. A communication from the Chief 
Human Capital Officer, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary of Energy, Department of Energy, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1209. A communication from the Chief 
Human Capital Officer, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Dep-uty Secretary, Department of Energy, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1210. A communication from the Chief 
Human Capital Officer, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Di-rector of the Office of Science, Department of Energy, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1211. A communication from the Chief 
Human Capital Officer, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of As-sistant Secretary for Policy and Inter-national Affairs, Department of Energy, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1212. A communication from the Chief 
Human Capital Officer, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Prin-cipal Deputy Administrator, National Nu-clear Security Administration, Department of Energy, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1213. A communication from the Chief 
Human Capital Officer, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary for Nuclear Security, Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration, De-partment of Energy, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources . 
EC–1214. A communication from the Chief 
Human Capital Officer, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of As-sistant Secretary of Energy (Fossil Energy), Department of Energy, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources. 
EC–1215. A communication from the Chief 
Human Capital Officer, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Gen-eral Counsel, Department of Energy, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1216. A communication from the Chief 
Human Capital Officer, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of As-sistant Secretary of Energy (Environmental Management), Department of Energy, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 2, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1217. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Demand and Energy Data Reliability Standard’’ (RIN1902– 0261) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 9, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1218. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2015 Annual Determination to Implement the Sea Turtle Observer Requirement’’ (RIN0648–BE35) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1219. A communication from the Chief 
of the Listing Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wild-life and Plants; Threatened Species Status for the Northern Long-eared Bat with 4(d) Rule’’ (RIN1018–BY98) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 8, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1220. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Oil and Hazardous Sub-stances Pollution Contingency Plan (NCP); Amending the NCP for Public Notices for Specified Superfund Activities’’ ((RIN2050– AG76) (FRL No. 9924–66–OSWER)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–1221. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Determination of Attainment of the 1-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard in the Southeast Desert Nonattain-ment Area in California’’ (FRL No. 9925–32– Region 9) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1222. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Regulation of Fuels and Fuel Addi-tives: Cellulosic Waiver Credit Price and Minor Amendments to Renewable Fuel Standard Regulations’’ ((RIN2060–AS48) 
(FRL No. 9924–71–OAR)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP6.033 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2218 April 15, 2015 
EC–1223. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Tribal Implementation 
Plan and Designation of Air Quality Plan-ning Area; Pechanga Band of Luiseno Mis-sion Indians’’ (FRL No. 9924–45–Region 9) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1224. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Public Participa-tion for Air Quality Permit Applications’’ (FRL No. 9925–19–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–1225. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; State of Missouri, Control of Sulfur Emissions from Stationary Boil-ers’’ (FRL No. 9925–24–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–1226. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; State of Iowa; 2014 Iowa State Implementation Plan; Permit Modi-fications; Muscatine, Iowa’’ (FRL No. 9925– 60–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1227. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Alabama; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9925–53–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1228. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Fed-eral Implementation Plan for Oil and Nat-ural Gas Well Production Facilities; Fort Bethold Indian Reservation (Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara Nation), North Dakota; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9923–70–Region 8) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1229. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; State Boards Requirements; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Lead and Ozone and 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide and Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9925–46–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–1230. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air 
Quality Implementation Plans; State of Montana Second 10-Year Carbon Monoxide Maintenance Plan for Great Falls’’ (FRL No. 9925–50–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1231. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Montana Second 10-Year Carbon Monoxide Maintenance Plan for Billings’’ (FRL No. 9925–51–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1232. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Revision to Allegheny County Rules; Preconstruction Permit Requirements—Non-attainment New Source Review’’ (FRL No. 9922–77–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1233. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Idaho; Up-date to Materials Incorporated by Ref-erence’’ (FRL No. 9925–65–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–1234. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applica-tions of Bioassay for Radioiodine’’ (Regu-latory Guide 8.20, Revision 2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–1235. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Withdrawal of Partial Exemption for Certain Chemical Substances’’ ((RIN2070– AK01) (FRL No. 9924–84)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1236. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘TENNESSEE: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9924–83–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1237. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Placer County Air Pollu-tion Control District and the Ventura Coun-ty Air Pollution Control District’’ (FRL No. 9924–73–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1238. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-
titled ‘‘National Priorities List’’ (FRL No. 9924–32–OSWER) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2015; to 
the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1239. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval, Disapproval, and Limited Approval and Disapproval of Air Quality Im-plementation Plans; California; Monterey Bay Unified Air Pollution Control District; Stationary Source Permits’’ (FRL No. 9924– 49–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1240. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Reasonably Avail-able Control Technology for the 1997 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ard’’ (FRL No. 9925–13–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–1241. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Pennsylvania; Plan Ap-proval and Operating Permit Fees’’ (FRL No. 9925–17–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1242. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Albuquerque/Bernalillo County; Revisions to Emission Inventory Requirements, and Gen-eral Provisions’’ (FRL No. 9925–11–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1243. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘State of Washington Underground In-jection Control (UIC) Program Revision Ap-proval’’ (FRL No. 9924–94–OW) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 1, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1244. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘State of Tennessee Underground In-jection Control (UIC) Program; Primacy Ap-proval’’ (FRL No. 9924–92–OW) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 1, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1245. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: Listing of Substitutes for Refrigeration and Air Conditioning and Revision of the Vent-ing Prohibition for Certain Refrigerant Sub-stitutes’’ ((RIN2060–AS04) (FRL No. 9922–26– OAR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 1, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP6.034 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2219 April 15, 2015 
EC–1246. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Oil and Hazardous Sub-stances Pollution Contingency Plan National Priorities List’’ (FRL No. 9925–52–Region 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 1, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–1247. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Designation of Areas for Air Quality Planning Purposes; California; San Joaquin Valley; Reclassification as Serious Non-attainment for the 1997 PM2.5 Standards’’ (FRL No. 9925–30–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 1, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–1248. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Idaho’’ (FRL No. 9925–77– Region 10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 1, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1249. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Department of Justice’s 2014 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Litigation and Compliance Report; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1250. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Re-port on Adjustments of Status Granted Under Section 13 of the Act of September 11, 1957’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1251. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Re-port on Adjustments of Status Granted Under Section 13 of the Act of September 11, 1957’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1252. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Characteristics of H–1B Specialty Occupa-tion Workers’’; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
EC–1253. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Re-port on Adjustments of Status Granted Under Section 13 of the Act of September 11, 
1957’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1254. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘De-tainees Not Seeking Asylum’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1255. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Re-port on Adjustments of Status Granted Under Section 13 of the Act of September 11, 1957’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1256. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘H– 2B Nonagricultural Temporary Worker Visa and Status’’; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. EC–1257. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting, pursuant to law, an annual report on crime victims’ rights; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1258. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of Con-trolled Group Research Credit’’ ((RIN1545– BL77) (TD 9717)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 10, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1259. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Employee Plans Compliance Resolution System Update Re-lating to Plans with Automatic Contribution Features’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–28) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1260. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Update of Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates’’ (Notice 2015–24) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1261. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Treasury Decision (TD): Amendments to Excepted Benefits’’ ((RIN1545–BM44) (TD 9714)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1262. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates—April 2015’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015–7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–1263. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Proce-dure: United States and Area Median Gross Income Figures’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–23) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–1264. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Transportation, transmitting the report of proposed legislation entitled ‘‘Gen-erating Renewal, Opportunity, and Work with Accelerated Mobility, Efficiency, and Rebuilding of Infrastructure and Commu-nities throughout America Act’’ or the ‘‘GROW AMERICA Act’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1265. A communication from the Execu-
tive Analyst (Political), Office of the Sec-retary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Administrator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1266. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Corrections to Rev. Proc. 2014–59’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–24) received 
during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1267. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Section 911(d)(4)— 2014 Update’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–25) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 27, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1268. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Economic Impact and Diver-sity, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2014 report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1269. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Federal Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s fiscal year 2014 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1270. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘District of Columbia Agencies’ Compliance with Fiscal Year 2014 Small Business Enterprise Expend-iture Goals’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1271. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–81; Introduction’’ (FAC 2005–81) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 8, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1272. A communication from the Chief 
Judge, Superior Court of the District of Co-lumbia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the District of Columbia Family Court Act; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1273. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Employee Services, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Prevailing Rate Systems; Abolishment of the Portland, ME, Appropriated Fund Federal Wage System Wage Area’’ (RIN3206–AN11) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1274. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s fiscal year 2014 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1275. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Economic Impact and Diver-sity, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2014 report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1276. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Peace Corps, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Peace Corps’ fiscal year 2014 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP6.035 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2220 April 15, 2015 
and Retaliation Act of 2002; to the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–1277. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Government Publishing Office, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Office’s Annual Report for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1278. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Oversight Improvements Must Continue to Ensure Ac-countability in Use of Public Funds by D.C. Public Charter Schools’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1279. A communication from the Sec-
retary to the Board, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Railroad Retirement Board’s fiscal year 2014 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1280. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Government Accountability Of-fice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Of-fice’s fiscal year 2014 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1281. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department of Transpor-tation’s fiscal year 2014 annual report rel-ative to the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1282. A communication from the Chair-
man, Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the memorial construction; to the Committee on Rules and Administra-tion. 
EC–1283. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report relative to the Federal Voting Assistance Program’s (FVAP) Annual Report to Congress; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
EC–1284. A communication from the Chief 
of the Regulation Policy, Tracking, and Con-trol Office of the General Counsel, Veterans Health Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reimbursement for Caskets and Urns for Burial of Unclaimed Remains in a National Cemetery’’ (RIN2900– AO99) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. BURR, from the Select Committee 
on Intelligence: 
Report to accompany S. 754, An original 
bill to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–32). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 940. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to study the feasibility of pro-viding certain taxpayers with an optional, pre-prepared tax return, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. PORTMAN: 
S. 941. A bill to provide for the termination 
of employment of employees of the Internal Revenue Service who take certain official actions for political purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. PORTMAN: 
S. 942. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a deduction from the gift tax for gifts made to certain exempt organizations; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. PORTMAN: 
S. 943. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to clarify that a duty of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is to en-sure that Internal Revenue Service employ-ees are familiar with and act in accord with certain taxpayer rights; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. S
AND-
ERS, and Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 944. A bill to amend the Atomic Energy 
Act of 1954 to prohibit certain waivers and exemptions from emergency preparedness and response and security regulations; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , and Mr. S ANDERS ): 
S. 945. A bill to amend the Nuclear Waste 
Policy Act of 1982 to provide for the expan-sion of emergency planning zones and the de-velopment of plans for dry cask storage of spent nuclear fuel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. 
M
ENENDEZ ): 
S. 946. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to prohibit the transportation of horses in interstate transportation in a motor vehicle containing 2 or more levels stacked on top of one another; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Mr. INHOFE: 
S. 947. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the depreciation rules for property used pre-dominantly within an Indian reservation; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. INHOFE: 
S. 948. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to eliminate the taxable in-come limit on percentage depletion for oil and natural gas produced from marginal properties; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. 
H
ELLER , and Mr. R OBERTS ): 
S. 949. A bill to provide a taxpayer bill of 
rights for small businesses; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUNT ): 
S. 950. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for a refundable adoption tax credit; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Ms. AYOTTE: 
S. 951. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to clarify that a duty of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is to en-sure that Internal Revenue Service employ-ees are familiar with and act in accord with certain taxpayer rights; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Ms. C
ANT-
WELL , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. 
MERKLEY , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): S. 952. A bill to provide for duty-free treat-
ment of certain recreational performance outerwear, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. 
R
EID): 
S. 953. A bill to facilitate certain pinyon- 
juniper related projects in Lincoln County, Nevada, to modify the boundaries of certain wilderness areas in the State of Nevada, and to provide for the implementation of a con-servation plan for the Virgin River, Nevada; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. V
IT-
TER, Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. K AINE): 
S. 954. A bill to establish procedures re-
garding the approval of opioid drugs by the Food and Drug Administration; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. 
S
CHATZ ): 
S. 955. A bill for the relief of Vichai Sae 
Tung (also known as Chai Chaowasaree); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP: 
S. 956. A bill to clarify the collateral re-
quirement for certain loans under section 7(d) of the Small Business Act, to address as-sistance to out-of-State small business con-cerns, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. 
K
ING, and Ms. C ANTWELL ): 
S. 957. A bill to increase access to capital 
for veteran entrepreneurs to help create jobs; to the Committee on Small Business and En-trepreneurship. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASEY ): 
S. 958. A bill to amend the Small Business 
Act to provide for team and joint venture of-fers for certain contracts; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and 
Ms. C
OLLINS ): 
S. 959. A bill to establish a tax credit for 
on-site apprenticeship programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Ms. HIRONO: 
S. 960. A bill to amend title II of the Social 
Security Act and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make improvements in the old-age, survivors, and disability insurance program, and to provide for Social Security benefit protection; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUNT ): 
S. 961. A bill to protect information relat-
ing to consumers, to require notice of secu-rity breaches, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. A
YOTTE , 
Mr. L EAHY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. 
MARKEY ): 
S. 962. A bill to extend the same Federal 
benefits to law enforcement officers serving private institutions of higher education and rail carriers that apply to law enforcement officers serving units of State and local gov-ernment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. 
C
OONS ): 
S. 963. A bill to require the Chief Counsel 
for Advocacy of the Small Business Adminis-tration to submit a report on small business innovation; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship. 
By Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , and Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 964. A bill to amend the Atomic Energy 
Act of 1954 to provide for consultation with State and local governments, the consider-ation of State and local concerns, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP6.036 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2221 April 15, 2015 
approval of post-shutdown decommissioning 
activities reports by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
By Ms. COLLINS: 
S. 965. A bill to prohibit the use of funds by 
Internal Revenue Service to target citizens of the United States for exercising any right guaranteed under the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. 
I
SAKSON ): 
S. 966. A bill to extend the low-interest re-
financing provisions under the Local Devel-opment Business Loan Program of the Small Business Administration; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 967. A bill to require the Small Business 
Administration to make information relat-ing to lenders making covered loans publicly available, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 125 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from 
North Dakota (Ms. H EITKAMP ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 125, a bill to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bullet-proof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes. 
S. 235 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 235, a bill to provide for wildfire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 384 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
384, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to facilitate water leasing and water transfers to promote conservation and efficiency. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
439, a bill to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual orienta-tion or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 525 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 525, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) to reform the Food for Peace Program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. DURBIN ) and the Senator from Iowa 
(Mr. G RASSLEY ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-peal the Medicare outpatient rehabili-tation therapy caps. 
S. 590 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 590, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act to combat campus sexual violence, and for other purposes. 
S. 611 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
611, a bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to reauthorize technical as-
sistance to small public water systems, and for other purposes. 
S. 615 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Michigan 
(Mr. P ETERS ) and the Senator from 
Mississippi (Mr. C OCHRAN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 615, a bill to provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nu-clear program, and for other purposes. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coin-surance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is re-quired during the screening. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) and the Senator from Idaho 
(Mr. R ISCH) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 713, a bill to prevent international violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 725 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 725, a bill to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 729 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 729, a bill to amend title 11, United States Code, with respect to certain exceptions to discharge in bankruptcy. 
S. 743 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C OCHRAN ) and the Senator from 
Kansas (Mr. R OBERTS ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 743, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to recog-nize the service in the reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law, and for other purposes. 
S. 751 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 751, a bill to improve the establish-ment of any lower ground-level ozone standards, and for other purposes. 
S. 757 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
757, a bill to modify the prohibition on recognition by United States courts of certain rights relating to certain marks, trade names, or commercial names. 
S. 774 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
774, a bill to amend the Federal Finan-cial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to improve the examination of depository institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose moni-toring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 812 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Nevada 
(Mr. H ELLER ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 812, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 843 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of receipt of outpatient observation services in a hospital to-ward satisfying the 3-day inpatient hospital requirement for coverage of skilled nursing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 860 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) and the Senator from 
Mississippi (Mr. W ICKER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 860, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP6.040 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2222 April 15, 2015 
S. 867 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 867, a bill to improve stu-dent academic achievement in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subjects. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 901, a bill to establish in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs a na-tional center for research on the diag-nosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 933 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 933, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act with re-spect to the timing of elections and pre-election hearings and the identi-fication of pre-election issues, and to require that lists of employees eligible to vote in organizing elections be pro-vided to the National Labor Relations Board. 
S. RES. 116 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 116, a resolution pro-viding for free and fair elections in Burma. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself 
and Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. 959. A bill to establish a tax credit 
for on-site apprenticeship programs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish 
to speak in support of the Apprentice-ship and Jobs Training Act, which I have introduced with my colleague Senator C
ANTWELL . Few issues are as 
important to the American people as the availability of good jobs in our communities. Unemployment in Maine and across the country remains unac-ceptably high. It is crucial that we con-tinue to improve job training initia-tives to help people find jobs in fields with open positions. 
Many business owners in Maine have 
told me that they have jobs available, but they cannot find qualified and trained workers to fill these vacant po-sitions. One way for employees to ac-quire the skills needed to succeed in these in-demand fields is through ap-prenticeship programs. Apprentices gain hands-on experience that is in-valuable to employers and can help workers secure a well-paying job. 
According to the Department of La-
bor’s Employment and Training Ad-ministration, more than 44,000 partici-
pants graduated from the apprentice-ship system in fiscal year 2014. In Maine, there were almost 700 registered apprentices. That number, however, is likely insufficient to meet tomorrow’s needs. One manufacturer in Maine esti-mates that nearly 2.7 million manufac-turing employees are expected to retire in the next decade. We must do all we can to ensure that an adequate pool of skilled workers is available to fill these well-paying jobs. 
Our bill helps achieve this goal by 
giving tax credits to businesses that hire apprentices. To ensure that work-ers are given adequate time to prove their value, the apprentice must be em-ployed for seven months in order for a business to claim the credit. Our bill also provides incentives for experi-enced workers who spend at least 20 percent of their time passing their hard-earned knowledge on to the next generation. These workers would be al-lowed to receive some retirement in-come early, without facing tax pen-alties. Finally, our bill ensures that the brave men and women who defend our country are given credit for the skills they learn while serving. Train-ing received while serving in the Armed Forces would count toward an apprentice’s training requirement. 
This bill would help better align the 
needs of our Nation’s employers with potential employees to promote hiring and the creation of new jobs. I encour-age all my colleagues to support this bill, and I am pleased to join Senator C
ANTWELL in introducing it. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , and Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 962. A bill to extend the same Fed-
eral benefits to law enforcement offi-cers serving private institutions of higher education and rail carriers that apply to law enforcement officers serv-ing units of State and local govern-ment; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am 
reintroducing the Equity in Law En-forcement Act to extend Federal bene-fits to law enforcement officers who serve at private institutions of higher education and rail carriers. Through this legislation, these individuals would be eligible for many of the same benefits provided to public law enforce-ment officers, including line-of-duty death benefits and access to federal grant opportunities through the De-partment of Justice’s Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant and Byrne Justice Assistance Grant, JAG, programs. 
In 1976, the Public Safety Officers’ 
Benefits PSOB program was enacted to aid in the recruitment and retention of public safety officers. Recognizing the danger that law enforcement officers, firefighters, and first responders face while serving in our communities, the PSOB provides a one-time financial 
benefit to survivors of officers who die as a result of injuries sustained in the line of duty. Although the officers protecting our 
private universities and railways face the same risks, they are currently not included in the PSOB program These brave individuals protect our commu-nities every day, enforce the law with-in their jurisdiction, and receive simi-lar training to their government coun-terparts. However, they are currently excluded from the line-of-duty federal death benefits available to law enforce-ment officers serving units of State and local governments, and from access to federal grant programs for protec-tive body armor and other equipment. 
Since 1960, approximately 35 college 
or university law enforcement officers have lost their lives while protecting our communities. While some families of officers that have been gravely in-jured while serving at public univer-sities have received PSOB line-of-duty death benefits, the families of those who lost their lives while serving at private institutions have been ineli-gible. We should fix this inequity. 
Inscribed on the National Law En-
forcement Officers Memorial are the names of the heroes who gave their full measure while protecting our commu-nities. This memorial includes Patrol Officer Joseph Francis Doyle, who was killed in the line of duty at Brown Uni-versity in 1988, as well as the other offi-cers who died while working at private universities and colleges and on our railways. 
A recent name on the Memorial is 
Patrol Officer Sean Collier. Today, we mark the second anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombings, an act of terror that tragically killed three and injured hundreds of others. Three days after the bombings, during the man-hunt for the attackers, Officer Collier of the MIT Police Department was shot and killed by the perpetrators on the university’s campus. Officer Collier died while not only bravely serving the students and faculty of MIT. He was also serving the city of Boston, work-ing with others in the law enforcement community during an exceptionally difficult time to keep the city and our nation safe. However, since he was em-ployed by a private university, Officer Collier was not eligible for line-of-duty death benefits. To honor Officer Col-lier’s service and sacrifice, this bill would be retroactive to April 15, 2013, the day of the Boston bombings. 
I am pleased that Senators A
YOTTE , 
LEAHY , WHITEHOUSE , and M ARKEY have 
once again joined me in introducing this legislation, which would ensure that officers who have lost their lives protecting our communities and their families are eligible for the benefits as-sociated with law enforcement work as well as access to the protective equip-ment they need. The bill would only apply to officers who are sworn, li-censed, or certified to enforce the law within their jurisdiction, and is sup-ported by the International Associa-tion of Campus Law Enforcement Ad-ministrators. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP6.042 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2223 April 15, 2015 
I urge our colleagues to join us in co-
sponsoring and passing the Equity in Law Enforcement Act. 
By Ms. COLLINS: 
S. 965. A bill to prohibit the use of 
funds by Internal Revenue Service to target citizens of the United States for exercising any right guaranteed under the First Amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
to introduce a bill that would prohibit the IRS from the targeting any U.S. citizens for exercising their constitu-tional rights under the First Amend-ment. 
The history of the IRS offers abun-
dant examples of the Agency trampling on these rights. In the most recent con-troversy, which came to light in 2013, the IRS applied a heightened scrutiny to applications from conservative groups that were seeking tax-exempt status. Delaying these groups’ applica-tions suggests an attempt to chill the constitutional right of speech and asso-ciation by groups that hold conserv-ative views. No matter what your po-litical views, the details that have emerged are truly alarming. The IRS admitted that it deliberately targeted conservative groups’ applications for tax-exempt status for extra review if they included such words as ‘‘tea party,’’ ‘‘patriots,’’ or ‘‘9/11’’ in their names. It also acknowledged targeting applications from groups that criti-cized how this country is being run or whose purpose was to address govern-ment spending, government debt, taxes, or simply to make America a better place. These inappropriate cri-teria stayed in place for more than 18 months and resulted in substantial delays in processing the applications of many different groups. In some cases, the applications remained outstanding for more than 2 years. 
The IRS also sought to compel some 
of the targeted groups to divulge their membership lists. IRS officials have subsequently admitted there was abso-lutely no reason for Agency personnel to have sought that kind of informa-tion. 
Such behavior, unfortunately, is not 
a one-time aberration, and the targets have been on both sides of the aisle. A May 2013 Time magazine article noted that the IRS has been involved in scan-dals going back at least as far as the Kennedy administration, which used the service to investigate so-called rightwing groups. President Nixon em-ployed a secret IRS operation to inves-tigate and audit political opponents. During the Johnson administration, the IRS targeted some antiwar activ-ists. In the decades since, a number of political activists from both the con-servative and liberal ends of the spec-trum, as well as whistleblowers, have been subjected to intimidating and dis-criminatory scrutiny by the IRS. 
The IRS’s history of abuses dem-
onstrates that Congress must be ever- vigilant in protecting taxpayers. The 
Agency’s power allows it to pervade the most sensitive aspects of Ameri-cans’ private lives. Irrespective of whether those singled out are liberal or conservative, Democrat or Republican, Independent or Green Party members, regardless of their personal views, the targeting of private citizens for exer-cising their First Amendment rights is out of bounds and cannot be tolerated. 
Seventeen years ago, when the IRS 
was accused of using abusive tactics to-wards taxpayers, Congress responded by passing the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act. That act created the Tax-payer Bill of Rights, strengthened tax-payer protections against unauthorized collection activities, and established an oversight board to ensure that tax-payers are properly treated by the IRS. 
The bill I am introducing today 
builds on the 1998 act, as well as an amendment I authored in 2013, which became law, that prohibited the IRS from using funds provided through the fiscal year 2014 IRS funding bill to tar-get American citizens for exercising their First Amendment rights. That prohibition on the use of funds was continued in the fiscal year 2015 fund-ing bill, and the legislation I am offer-ing today would make that prohibition permanent. 
The First Amendment is one of our 
most cherished and sacred freedoms, and its free exercise must be vigorously protected. 
It has been said the power to tax is 
the power to destroy. The American people cannot and will not tolerate any abuse of that power. 
It is imperative that Congress act to 
make sure the power of the IRS is never again used to harass or abuse Americans for exercising their First Amendment rights. The bill I have in-troduced is tailored to that end. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Environment and Public Works be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 15, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Hearing: The Presi-dent’s FY 2016 Budget Request for Nu-clear Regulatory Commission.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 15, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘American Food Aid: Why Reform Matters.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 15, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–106 of the Dirk-sen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 15, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘IRS Challenges in Imple-menting the Affordable Care Act.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 15, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD– 226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Need to Reform Asset Forfeiture.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 15, 2015, at 2:45 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Special Com-mittee on Aging be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 15, 2015, at 1:30 p.m., in room SD– 562 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Catch Me If You Can: The IRS Imper-sonation Scam and the Government’s Response.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SEAPOWER  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Subcommittee on Seapower of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 15, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 15, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Senate proceed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP6.029 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2224 April 15, 2015 
to executive session at 2 p.m., on 
Thursday, April 16, to consider the fol-lowing nominations: Calendar No. 1 and Calendar No. 51; that the Senate then vote without intervening action or debate on the nominations, the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that no further motions be in order; that any state-ments related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the Presi-
dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s actions, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, APRIL 
16, 2015 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Thursday, April 16; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate then resume consideration of S. 178, with the time until 11 a.m. di-vided in the usual form; and finally that the filing deadline for all second- degree amendments to the Cornyn amendment be at 10:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. ENZI. If there is no further busi-
ness to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand ad-journed under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7:34 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, April 16, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
LINDA STRUYK MILLSAPS, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE 
A MEMBER OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OVER-SIGHT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 14, 2018, VICE PAUL JONES, TERM EXPIRED. 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
THOMAS EDGAR ROTHMAN, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE ARTS FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 3, 2016. (NEW POSITION) 
THE JUDICIARY  
WILHELMINA MARIE WRIGHT, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA, VICE MICHAEL J. DAVIS, RETIRING. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED PERSONS OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF AGRICULTURE TO BE CONSULAR OFFICERS AND SECRETARIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
PETER J. OLSON, OF MARYLAND 
BENJAMIN I. PETLOCK, OF FLORIDA NICOLAS RUBIO, OF FLORIDA 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED PERSONS OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF STATE FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERV-ICE OFFICERS OF THE CLASSES STATED. 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS ONE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMER-ICA: CRAIG A. ANDERSON, OF WASHINGTON 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS TWO, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
MIKE OKAMURA, OF VIRGINIA 
PETER O’MEARA EVANS, OF VIRGINIA MARCUS A. MCCHRISTIAN, OF VIRGINIA ERIC JAMES MENDENHALL, OF VIRGINIA 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS THREE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
OMAR AHMED ALI, OF GEORGIA 
KATHLEEN A. BRESNAHAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
ARLEEN GRACE R. GENUINO, OF CALIFORNIA GABRIEL HONS-OLIVIER, OF FLORIDA DIANE MARGARET KOHN, OF MICHIGAN TRACEY R. THORNTON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JOSEPH W. A. VASQUEZ, OF ALASKA 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS FOUR, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
FAREED A. ABDULLAH, OF GEORGIA 
JAMES ROBERT ABESHAUS, OF FLORIDA EMILY GRACE ABRAHAM, OF ILLINOIS YVON ACCIUS, OF FLORIDA JONATHAN DANIEL ADAMS, OF VIRGINIA CASEY L. ADDIS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BOBBY (ROBERT) ADELSON, JR., OF FLORIDA OMAR SYED AHMED, OF VIRGINIA RACHEL A. AICHER, OF NEW YORK CAROLINE A AMBERGER, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW R. ANDRIS, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE DAVID N. ARIZMENDI, OF FLORIDA LAUREN BROOKS ARMENISE, OF MARYLAND BRANDON C. BARON, OF FLORIDA DEANNA KRISTINE BEARDEN, OF TEXAS HARVEY LEWIS BEASLEY, JR., OF FLORIDA 
ALISON L. BEHLING, OF WEST VIRGINIA GEOFFREY N. BENELISHA, OF TENNESSEE AARON S. BENESH, OF FLORIDA ADAM RYDER BENZ, OF FLORIDA SOMER BESSIRE-BRIERS, OF NEVADA THOMAS DEE BEVAN, OF UTAH RAIN CHE BIAN, OF NEW YORK CORI BICKEL, OF GEORGIA THOMAS M. BILLS, OF OHIO IRMIE KEELER BLANTON III, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW L. BLEVINS, OF COLORADO CARLO WISE BOEHM, OF TEXAS BENJIMAN C. BOHMAN, OF ARKANSAS THOMAS CHARLES BOLLATI, OF FLORIDA COREY BORDENKECHER, OF INDIANA ADRIENNE C. BORY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JON BOWERMASTER, OF MICHIGAN ERIN ELIZABETH BOYER, OF NORTH CAROLINA ALEXIA MCNEAL BRANCH, OF CALIFORNIA STEVEN ARTHUR CONNETT BREMNER, OF MISSOURI M. ALLYN BROOKS-LASURE, OF VIRGINIA THEODORE BROSIUS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA THOMAS V.B. BROUNS, OF CALIFORNIA ALISON SARAH BROWN, OF WASHINGTON IAN T. BROWN, OF TEXAS ANYA YAKHEDTS BRUNSON, OF FLORIDA ZSOFIA BUDAI, OF MINNESOTA CHRISTINE BUZZARD, OF OKLAHOMA SARAH EMILY CALDEJON HAMILTON, OF TEXAS JUAN MANUEL CAMMARANO, OF MARYLAND JUAN CARLOS CAMPOS, OF FLORIDA ALFRED JOHN CANIGLIA III, OF MISSOURI AMELIA S. CANTER, OF TEXAS CHRISTIAN HIRAM CARDONA, OF NEW YORK ELLIOT ROSS CARMEAN, OF PENNSYLVANIA DAVID RYAN CARR, OF OREGON MELANIE ROSE CARTER, OF WASHINGTON AMANDA J. CAULDWELL, OF CALIFORNIA MICHAEL CAVEY, OF WISCONSIN VICTORIA MORGANNE TYSZKA CEDENO, OF MICHIGAN ANDREW CHAPMAN, OF NORTH CAROLINA HOWARD H. CHYUNG, OF NEW YORK EMILY KATHLEEN CINTORA, OF ARIZONA BENJAMIN LEE COBURN, OF GEORGIA WILLIAM BENJAMIN COCKS, OF FLORIDA PAUL C. COLOMBINI, OF MARYLAND PATRICK EVANS CONNALLY, OF WASHINGTON JOSEPH G. CORDARO, OF TENNESSEE SETH AARON CORNELL, OF PENNSYLVANIA JOANNE ILENE COSSITT, OF CONNECTICUT ROCCO COSTA, OF CALIFORNIA LOGAN RISHARD COUNCIL, OF NORTH CAROLINA GREGORY ROY COWAN, OF TEXAS LISA MARGARET COWLEY, OF TEXAS TODD WILSON ARDELL CRAWFORD, OF OREGON ANDREW D. CROSSON, OF TENNESSEE ROBERT J. CROTTY, OF WASHINGTON EVA HELENE D’AMBROSIO, OF INDIANA JACKSON C. DART, OF MICHIGAN IRENE ARINO DE LA RUBIA, OF FLORIDA CARRIE A. DENVER, OF VIRGINIA JULIA SAMPSON DILLARD, OF CALIFORNIA AMANDA WICKHAM DIXON, OF TENNESSEE CHRISTOPHER J. DOSTAL, OF PENNSYLVANIA RUTH LILLIAN DOWE, OF NEW YORK MICHAEL JOSEPH DURNAN, OF FLORIDA SHEILA-ANNE P. EBERT, OF NEVADA JESSICA DAWN EICHER, OF COLORADO DONYA SHANE ELDRIDGE, OF FLORIDA BENJAMIN S. EMBURY, OF VIRGINIA DONALD CLAYTON EMERICK, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE RYAN SCOTT ENGEN, OF WASHINGTON MARY CHRISTINE ERMEL, OF TEXAS ANNA ESTRINA, OF VIRGINIA JACQUES PAUL ETIENNE, OF NEW YORK 
ALEXANDRA ELIZABETH EVANS, OF TEXAS MONICA SAGEBIEL EWING, OF TEXAS S. ADAM FERGUSON, OF UTAH SAMUEL R. FERGUSON, OF UTAH KEVIN CHRISTOPHER FISHER, OF UTAH DOUGLAS GEORGE FOWLER, OF WYOMING JASON O. FROHNMAYER, OF OREGON KEVIN T. FUREY, OF MONTANA MAIDA A. FURNIA, OF VIRGINIA BRENDA B. GABRIEL, OF FLORIDA SOPHIE YAN GAO, OF MASSACHUSETTS MARC GARTNER, OF CALIFORNIA PHILLIP M. GATINS, OF FLORIDA JOSEPH P. GIBLIN, OF NEW YORK DAMON MATTHEW GOFORTH, OF TEXAS ARIEL M. GORE, OF ILLINOIS NAIMA NILAJA MARIAMA GREEN, OF OHIO ANDREW M. GRILLOS, OF CALIFORNIA NATALYA IVANOVNA GROKH, OF VIRGINIA GRETA L. GROMOVICH, OF KANSAS SARAH REBECCA GROSSBLATT, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
CASSANDRA HAGAR, OF TEXAS KRISTY L. HALLER, OF MARYLAND JAMES W. HALLOCK, OF NEW YORK JASON MATTHEW HAMMONTREE, OF CALIFORNIA PAUL MICHAEL HANNA, OF FLORIDA CHRISTINE L. HARPER, OF ALABAMA VANESSA H. HARPER, OF CONNECTICUT NOEL URBANO HARTLEY, OF TEXAS HAKIM J. HASAN, OF OREGON JOHN TRYGVE HAS-ELLISON, OF TEXAS KRISTIN KARIN HAWKINS, OF VIRGINIA ANNALIESE HEILIGENSTEIN, OF TEXAS CHRISTOPHER D. HELMKAMP, OF VIRGINIA CHARLES A. HENDRIX, OF MINNESOTA JAMES M. HENRY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HEIDI HERSCHEDE, OF WISCONSIN ZEHRA HIRJI, OF NEW YORK JOHN OMAR HISHMEH, OF VIRGINIA 
CHRISTIN HO, OF MASSACHUSETTS KURT DANIEL HOLMGREN, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL JOSEPH HORSFALL, OF TENNESSEE BRIAN HOYT, OF CALIFORNIA JULIA MAGDALENA HOZAKOWSKA, OF PENNSYLVANIA TRAVIS A. HUNNICUTT, OF CALIFORNIA SHARLINA HUSSAIN-MORGAN, OF NEW YORK JASON S. HWANG, OF NEW JERSEY THOMAS B. HWEI, OF CALIFORNIA MEGAN R. IHRIE, OF TENNESSEE GREG PARDO III, OF TEXAS RYAN SCOTT INGRASSIA, OF CALIFORNIA RYAN M. JANDA, OF MASSACHUSETTS CYNTHIA L. JEFFERIES, OF TEXAS JAMES WESLEY JEFFERS, OF WEST VIRGINIA SAMANTHA ANN JENKINS, OF WASHINGTON JEREMY R. JEWETT, OF WISCONSIN CHRISTOPHER A. JONES, OF ILLINOIS TODD HAROLD JUNGENBERG, OF TENNESSEE ANDREA R. KALAN, OF TEXAS IVAN FAIAMA KAMARA, OF ARIZONA CHRISTOPHER A. KEELEY, OF UTAH ANDREW E. KELLY, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW A. KELLY, OF NEW YORK DEVIN JAMES KENNINGTON, OF MARYLAND JOHN PAUL KILL, JR., OF GEORGIA CRAIG P. KIM, OF WASHINGTON MICHAEL KISELYCZNYK, OF NEW YORK NOLAN S. KLEIN, OF TENNESSEE JEFFREY KLICK, OF TEXAS JOHN CHARLES KMETZ, OF OKLAHOMA JOEL ERIK KNIGHT, OF NEW MEXICO THOMAS D. KOHL, OF FLORIDA DEREK R. KOLB, OF CALIFORNIA DANIELLE KORSHAK, OF NEW YORK LYNN CHUANG KRAMER, OF TEXAS JINGPING LAI, OF CALIFORNIA NATALIE BONJOC LEAHY, OF CALIFORNIA ANDREW D. LEBKUECHER, OF MINNESOTA STEPHEN F. LECOMPTE, OF TEXAS CHUNG JOON LEE, OF CALIFORNIA SONAM LIBERMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ELIZABETH SHIU-MING LIU, OF FLORIDA EMMA CONDON LOMAX, OF MINNESOTA BENJAMIN J. LOWENBERG, OF WISCONSIN BONNIE M. MACE, OF IOWA DANIELLE ANNE MANISCALCO, OF MASSACHUSETTS RACHEL M. MARTINEZ, OF FLORIDA THEODORE THOMAS MASSEY, OF VIRGINIA ALEXANDER MAYER, OF TEXAS MOLLY KATHERINE MAYFIELD BARBEE, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW ROBERT MCALLISTER, OF PENNSYLVANIA PATRICK CALEY MCCORMICK, OF TEXAS DEBORAH M. MCFARLAND, OF ARIZONA BRADLEY T. MCGUIRE, OF VIRGINIA KERRY EVELYN MCINTOSH, OF VERMONT DAVID DIXON MCKAY, OF UTAH MAUREEN A. MCNICHOLL, OF VIRGINIA THEODORE ANDREW MEINHOVER, OF MINNESOTA MARC A.J. MELINO, OF WASHINGTON MEGHAN E. MERCIER, OF FLORIDA MEREDITH T. METZLER, OF TEXAS ADAM L. MICHELOW, OF ARIZONA KARL J. MILLER, OF FLORIDA SCOTT M. MILLER, OF TEXAS CATHERINE T. MILLER-LITTLE, OF TEXAS MOLLY LYNN MITCHELL-OLDS, OF NORTH CAROLINA YANG ZHANG MONTEIRO, OF FLORIDA JAIME LYNETTE MOODY, OF LOUISIANA KRISTINE MORRISSEY, OF MARYLAND GRANT HANLEY MORROW, OF PENNSYLVANIA KAITLIN D. MUENCH, OF CONNECTICUT VINCENT M. MUT-TRACY, OF VERMONT JULIE NAUMAN, OF FLORIDA RAY PATRICE NAYLER, OF CALIFORNIA BOBBIE S. NEAL, OF VIRGINIA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G15AP6.065 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2225 April 15, 2015 
MARK L. NEIGHBORS, OF VIRGINIA 
KEVIN D. NELSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DANIEL WESLEY NEWMAN, OF NEW YORK KRYSTLE WANITA ONIKE NORMAN, OF VIRGINIA EMILY YASMIN NORRIS, OF MASSACHUSETTS BRANDON RENE NUGENT, OF TENNESSEE VAYRAM A. NYADROH, OF ILLINOIS MARTIN N. OBERMUELLER, OF NEBRASKA ALBERT FRANCISCO OFRECIO, OF CALIFORNIA LARA A. O’NEILL, OF FLORIDA MELISSA S. O’SHAUGHNESSY, OF FLORIDA MARCIA Y. OUTLAW, OF ARIZONA BENNY A. PADILLA, OF CALIFORNIA DANIEL L. PALMQUIST, OF MINNESOTA JACK PAN, OF NEVADA CHARLES PARK, OF NEW YORK CAROLYN JOY RATZLAFF PARKER, OF TENNESSEE DIANA CHU PARTRIDGE, OF ARIZONA STEPHEN PATRICK PAZAN, OF NEW JERSEY DAVID D. PEMBERTON, OF INDIANA MICHAEL PENNELL, OF TENNESSEE DEAN R. PETERSON, OF NORTH CAROLINA JESSICA BRIANNA PFLEIDERER, OF MINNESOTA MARLENE HESS PHILLIPS, OF TEXAS JEAN PHILLIPSON, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN PINOLI, OF FLORIDA ALISANDE L. PIPKIN, OF NEW YORK MICHAEL A. POINTER, OF LOUISIANA MICHAEL JOHN POLYAK, OF MICHIGAN KATHRYN STANSBURY PORCH, OF VIRGINIA KIRK S. PORTMANN, OF WASHINGTON CHRISTINE ANANDA PRINCE, OF CALIFORNIA PAUL PROKOP, OF CALIFORNIA SARAH R. QUINZIO, OF VIRGINIA RENEE MICHELLE RAGIN, OF NEW YORK HEIDI M. RAMSAY, OF VIRGINIA JEFFREY R. RANDS, OF IDAHO AJAY SHASHIKANT RAO, OF NEW MEXICO KATHERINE REEDY, OF NEW YORK CHRISTOPHER T. REYES, OF VIRGINIA JOHN LUKE REYNOLDS, OF SOUTH CAROLINA 
CHRISTOPHER M. RICHARDSON, OF SOUTH CAROLINA ABIGAIL ELIZABETH RICHEY-ALLEN, OF MINNESOTA ANNA ELIZABETH RICHEY-ALLEN, OF MINNESOTA JEFFREY M. RIDENOUR, OF WASHINGTON GLORIA P. RIGOR, OF VIRGINIA BENJAMIN PATRICK RINAKER, OF NEBRASKA NATHAN P. RINGGER, OF UTAH DANIEL O’MALLEY RITTENHOUSE, OF NEW YORK LASHANDA LELIA ROBERTS, OF MARYLAND DAVID ANTHONY RODRIGUEZ, OF FLORIDA SETH R. ROGERS, OF SOUTH CAROLINA TANIA J. ROMANOFF, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE HELEN VAN WAGONER ROSEMONT, OF VIRGINIA ZACHARY R.S. ROTHSCHILD, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
LADONNA S. SALES, OF TENNESSEE TODD BENSON SARGENT, OF VERMONT RICHARD SAUNDERS, OF FLORIDA TIMOTHY LINCOLN SAVAGE, OF CALIFORNIA JOSEPH R. SCHALLER, OF WASHINGTON ANDREW J. SCHEINESON, OF VIRGINIA KATHRYN SCHLIEPER, OF WASHINGTON SCOTT EVAN SCHLOSSBERG, OF CALIFORNIA DEMARK F. SCHULZE, OF NEVADA TAMARA L. SCOTT, OF MARYLAND BRIAN A SELLS, OF OHIO VIKRUM AARON SEQUEIRA, OF MASSACHUSETTS ELIZABETH E. SHACKELFORD, OF MISSISSIPPI SUJATA PRADEEP SHARMA, OF MASSACHUSETTS ALEXANDER DANIEL PERRY SHARP, OF KANSAS JEROME L. SHERMAN, OF NEW YORK JASON MATHEW SHOW, OF TEXAS JAMIE LEIGH SHUFFLEBARGER, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
JOHN THOMAS WOODRUFF SLOVER, OF COLORADO CESAR GUILLERMO SORIANO, OF VIRGINIA JUDITH CHRISTINE SPANBERGER, OF MINNESOTA LANTA V. SPENCER, OF MASSACHUSETTS MATTHEW RYAN STEELE, OF KANSAS KRISTEN L. STOLT, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN M. STRAIGHT, OF VIRGINIA PAUL STRAUSS, OF CALIFORNIA DANIEL STREBE, OF TEXAS BRIAN J. STREET, OF FLORIDA GEORGE JAMES SULLIVAN, OF NEW YORK PAUL SWIDER, OF FLORIDA MICHAEL CHARLES TAPLEY, OF TEXAS ANOOD MEHMOOD TAQUI, OF CALIFORNIA DENISE M. TAYLOR, OF PENNSYLVANIA MORGAN C. TAYLOR, OF MONTANA RONALD M. TAYLOR, OF VIRGINIA DENIS TEST, OF MAINE DARREN THIES, OF WISCONSIN MARTIN K THOMEN IV, OF TEXAS HEATHER JOY THOMPSON, OF NEW YORK JAMES PORTER THROWER, OF FLORIDA BRETT FORSTER THURMAN, OF ILLINOIS MATTHEW A. TOTILO, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JENNY GRAY TRAILLE, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW UPTON TRUMBULL, OF OHIO EVELINE W. TSENG, OF NEW YORK KAITLIN ELIZABETH TURCK, OF VIRGINIA ERIN M. UZES, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MAUREEN PATRICIA VAHEY, OF DELAWARE JOHN S. VELA, OF VIRGINIA WILBUR ARMEL VELARDE, OF CONNECTICUT JOSHUA D. WAGGENER, OF TEXAS KARIN S. WALLACE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MIMI WANG, OF PENNSYLVANIA SHELLY WESTEBBE, OF FLORIDA JASMINE N. WHITE, OF OHIO HILLEARY CARTER WILLIAMS, OF VIRGINIA KEVIN J. WILSON, OF GEORGIA JOHNATHAN PAUL WINSTON, OF TEXAS BENJAMIN ASHER WITORSCH, OF VIRGINIA ALICE ELIZABETH WOLFRAM, OF CALIFORNIA DEREK WONG, OF MARYLAND 
SUZANNE YUEH WONG, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA THOMAS TUNG-WEI WONG, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
MATT YARRINGTON, OF FLORIDA SAMUEL S. YEE, OF CALIFORNIA NIAMBI A. YOUNG, OF GEORGIA WILLIAM QIAN YU, OF WASHINGTON NADIA ZIYADEH, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW J. ZVIRZDIN, OF NEW YORK 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED, EFFECTIVE JANUARY 27, 2012: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR: 
DANIEL M. PERRONE, OF MASSACHUSETTS 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO 
THE CLASS INDICATED, EFFECTIVE JANUARY 27, 2013: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR: 
PAUL DAVID BROWN, OF TEXAS 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED, EFFECTIVE APRIL 15, 2014: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR: 
MATTHEW STEPHEN COOK, OF NEW JERSEY 
HENRY KAMINSKI, OF CONNECTICUT 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED PERSONS OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF STATE FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERV-ICE OFFICERS OF THE CLASSES STATED. 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN 
SERVICE TO BE CONSULAR OFFICERS AND SECRETARIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
ANTHONY S. AMATOS, OF VIRGINIA 
BRITTANY L. ANDERSON, OF VIRGINIA JASON L. ANDERSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA PAUL ANDERSON, OF VIRGINIA TANYA R. AUSTIN, OF ILLINOIS DANA BARNHILL, OF WASHINGTON SHIRIN BASKEY, OF VIRGINIA MARC D. BASKIN, OF VIRGINIA BRANDON A. BATEMAN, OF WASHINGTON SUSAN L. BEACH, OF VIRGINIA HEATHER BEGGS, OF ALASKA SAMANTHA ELIZABETH BESORA, OF THE DISTRICT OF 
COLUMBIA 
ROBERT CHARLES BITTING, OF VIRGINIA ANDRE P. BORDEAUX, OF VIRGINIA TIMOTHY E. BOSTIC, OF VIRGINIA JAMES S. BRADLEY, OF VIRGINIA RHIANNON M. BRAMER, OF FLORIDA MARGARET A. BRASWELL, OF VIRGINIA TIMOTHY S. BROWN, OF MICHIGAN KELLY RAYE BROWNE, OF VIRGINIA A. ANTHONY BURRELL, OF VIRGINIA LEO T. BUSH, OF VIRGINIA ANDRES K. CALDERON, OF TEXAS MARIA MONASIERA CAMACHO, OF NEW JERSEY SPENCER KEITH CARGILL, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW CARNEY, OF VIRGINIA RADHIKA CHANDRASEKARAN, OF MARYLAND JENNIFER R. CHAPPELL, OF VIRGINIA HOOJU CHOI, OF VIRGINIA JENNIFER CHRISTIAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JACQUELINE L. CHURA-BEAVER, OF VIRGINIA CYBELE COCHRAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KATHLEEN M. COLLIER, OF VIRGINIA JEANNE COOPER, OF TEXAS MATTHEW COTY, OF VIRGINIA ERIC R. COULSON, OF CALIFORNIA MICHELLE ANTOINETTE CRAFT, OF VIRGINIA KENYA RENEE CRANFORD, OF VIRGINIA IAIN ALEXANDER CRAWFORD, OF MARYLAND EAVAN K. CULLY, OF NEW YORK SARAH JOHANNA CUNNINGHAM, OF VIRGINIA STEPHANIE L. D’ADAMO, OF VIRGINIA MEGHAN E. DEAN, OF WASHINGTON MICHAEL R. DESMOND, OF VIRGINIA CONOR S. DICKINSON, OF MISSISSIPPI HEATHER A. DIEHL, OF VIRGINIA LEVI MICHAEL DRAKE, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW SPENCER DUMM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
SARAH ELIZABETH DUNN, OF VIRGINIA GRANT S. EARNEST, OF VIRGINIA AMBER ESSATHI, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA REBECCA A. FERNANDEZ, OF VIRGINIA LAWRENCE FOSTER, OF MINNESOTA BRIAN PAUL GALLO, OF FLORIDA PAUL ST. PETER GARR, OF PENNSYLVANIA JEFFERSON GEE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MATTHEW JOHN GERDIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
M. GEORGE GHOBRIAL, OF VIRGINIA LAILA MARIE GILLAM, OF COLORADO MATTHEW J. GODWIN, OF VIRGINIA PAUL GORMLEY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SHIRLEY GREEN, OF TEXAS BARRY S. GREENBERG, OF CALIFORNIA LAWRENCE J. GROMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CHRISTOPHER JAMES GROTH, OF CALIFORNIA CHARLES FITZGERALD HARRISON, OF SOUTH CAROLINA TODD HEFFNER, OF VIRGINIA BENJAMIN JAMES HILLBERY, OF VIRGINIA BREANNE ASHLEY HITE, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN J. HOLZER, OF NORTH CAROLINA 
JOSHUA LOWELL HOOVESTOL, OF COLORADO SONG HUANG, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ALEXANDER S. HUGHES, OF MARYLAND DARREN M. HUNTER, OF VIRGINIA JEFFREY S. HYRE, OF VIRGINIA MELY AIMEE JACOBSON, OF TEXAS JAE-MAN JEON, OF VIRGINIA FLORA YVONNE JOHNSON, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL C. JOHNSON, OF VIRGINIA CESARE JORDAN, OF PENNSYLVANIA KIMBERLY DENA KEARNEY, OF VIRGINIA ABDUL W. KHALIEQUE, OF CALIFORNIA SHANEICE KING, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL JAMES KLINE, OF VIRGINIA AARON J. KREUL, OF VIRGINIA SAVO LABAN, OF VIRGINIA LORI JESSICA LABINE, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM R. LAGERGREN, OF TENNESSEE ANH-THAO P. LAM, OF VIRGINIA ALEXANDRA A. LANOUETTE, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL T. LAWSON, OF FLORIDA JEFFREY DAVID LEARY, OF MARYLAND AUSTIN LEWIS, OF TEXAS TERRI M. LEWIS, OF VIRGINIA DAVID S. LIN, OF VIRGINIA GEORGE C. LIN, OF VIRGINIA FRICKA KAICHY LING, OF MARYLAND CLARENCE LOBDELL, OF TEXAS YERI LOPEZ, OF WISCONSIN HEATHER MARIA LORESCH, OF ILLINOIS MICHAEL SEAN LOWE, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTINA LOWRY, OF VIRGINIA JAMES R. LOWRY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JOSEPH F. LUX, OF VIRGINIA JENNIFER L. LYONS, OF VIRGINIA BENJAMIN MACWILLIAMS, OF VIRGINIA JOHN MALENA, OF NEW YORK LESLIE A. MALLOY, OF MARYLAND DOUGLAS T. MANN, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN J. MARTIN, OF VIRGINIA 
JESSICA MARTIN, OF CALIFORNIA MEGAN MARTIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DANIEL B. MARVIN, OF VIRGINIA SARAH ELIZABETH MIELKE, OF NORTH DAKOTA DANTE JAMES MILLER, OF VIRGINIA JARED MANUEL MIRANDA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
GENEVIEVE MOINUDDIN, OF VIRGINIA FOREST CHAD MOORE, OF NORTH CAROLINA CHRISTOPHER J. MUMOLA, OF MARYLAND LIZA KATERINA NEGRIFF, OF VIRGINIA WENDY E. NEWBY, OF VIRGINIA TAMORA J. NOBILSKI, OF NORTH CAROLINA GILLIAN SUSAN OAK, OF CALIFORNIA BRIGID AKINYI OTIENO, OF NORTH CAROLINA REBECCA A. OTIS, OF VIRGINIA ELLEN MARGARET OTT, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MICHAEL H. PAESANO, OF FLORIDA LINDSAY MARIE PALADENI, OF OREGON JANE PARK, OF VIRGINIA LAURA PARRISH, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW T. PENNEY, OF VIRGINIA VICTOR MANUEL PEREA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CHRISTOPHER FERNANDO PEREZ, OF VIRGINIA STEPHANIE K. PETERSEN, OF NEW MEXICO JONATHAN D. PITTMAN, OF MARYLAND PETER ANDREW POPOVICH II, OF VIRGINIA TRISHA LYONS PRESTO, OF MARYLAND EUGENE A. QUARRIE III, OF VIRGINIA MONIKA RAJ, OF VIRGINIA JAMINA S. RAMIREZ, OF MICHIGAN SAMIDHA REDKAR, OF OHIO ALEXANDER M. ROSENBLATT, OF MAINE JABEZ ROSS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MICHELLE ELYSE SAKS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA LUIS GUILLERMO SALAS, OF CALIFORNIA KIONDRA SAMPEY-SAGNA, OF NORTH CAROLINA JASON CHRISTOPHER SCANGAS, OF VIRGINIA ASHLEIGH ELIZABETH SCHAMBACH, OF VIRGINIA SARAH SCHLECK, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JOHN CHRISTOPHER SCHNIER, OF VIRGINIA BRYAN EDMUND SCHUBERT, OF MASSACHUSETTS CALVIN SCOTT, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ALI MASUD SHAH, OF VIRGINIA LESLIE A. SHIMER, OF VIRGINIA JOHN V. SKERRY III, OF VIRGINIA DAVID RAYMOND SKORSKI, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
WILLIAM A. SLOAN, OF SOUTH CAROLINA JULIA MARIE SMART, OF VIRGINIA NEAL C. SMILEY, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER J. SMITH, OF WASHINGTON HOLLY SMITH, OF MARYLAND MATTHEW DAVID SMITH, OF OKLAHOMA THOMAS ALAN SNYDER, OF MINNESOTA KEVIN J. SOUSA, OF VIRGINIA MICHELLE LEE SOWERS, OF VIRGINIA KYLE MATTHEW SPECTOR, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
CARRIE C. SPIRAKUS, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS E.K. SPOONER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CHRISTOPHER GEORGE STAFF, OF OREGON WILLIAM E. STANGE, OF WASHINGTON DONNIE PAUL STEVENSON, OF FLORIDA GREGORY STEVENSON, OF VIRGINIA JAMES G. STRAIT, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW A. SUMA, OF VIRGINIA IRENE SWANSON, OF VIRGINIA JAMES SWIFT, OF GEORGIA SARAH RACHELLE TEPPERMAN, OF VIRGINIA ESTHER TETRUASHVILY, OF NEW JERSEY EMMA JANE TEWKSBURY-VOLPE, OF THE DISTRICT OF 
COLUMBIA 
ANNA THIERET, OF VIRGINIA TREVIS M. THOMPSON, OF VIRGINIA ANTHONY TOLEDO, OF VIRGINIA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A15AP6.022 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2226 April 15, 2015 
AMANDA SUSAN TOLLEFSON, OF WASHINGTON 
CHARLOTTE FLEISHMAN TORRES, OF VIRGINIA BANU ZERA TREFZ, OF FLORIDA ZOE ROSE TREUER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA EMILY ANNE TURNER, OF VIRGINIA 
AMELIA BLISS VANDERLAAN, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE GEORGINA VEGA, OF VIRGINIA FREDERIC VELLUCCI, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL EDWARD VERBOSKI, OF TEXAS BRIAN T. WAITE, OF MARYLAND BRETT G. WALKER, OF VIRGINIA HOLLY WALKER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
JEFFREY J. WALLACE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TRAVIS JAMES WARNER, OF KANSAS BENJAMIN JOSEPH WEINER, OF TEXAS RICHARD A. WESCH, OF TEXAS 
PATRICK S. WHEELER, OF WASHINGTON JONATHAN MARK WHITE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
JEFFREY M. WILLEY, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW L. WILLIGER, OF OHIO JONATHAN WILSON, OF VIRGINIA MELYSA WILSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
CLAUDIA T. WINANT, OF VIRGINIA JOSEPH WITTERS, OF VIRGINIA GRAHAM M. WOOD, OF VIRGINIA JOHN DAVID WOOD, OF VIRGINIA BECKY D. WOODSON, OF VIRGINIA ALFRED K. YI, OF VIRGINIA MIKE JOHN YOLER, OF MARYLAND ELENA ZLATNIK, OF MONTANA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A15AP6.025 S15APPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E495 April 15, 2015 
CONGRATULATING THE FRANCIS 
HOWELL GOLDEN GIRLS DANCE TEAM 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the Francis Howell Golden Girls Dance Team, on their Class 6A State Cham-pionship win at the Missouri Dance Team As-sociation competition. 
These students and their coach should be 
commended for all of their hard work through-out this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and com-munity. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing the 
Francis Howell Golden Girls Dance Team for a job well done! 
f 
MORTGAGE CHOICE ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ELIJAH E. CUMMINGS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 14, 2015 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, in the wake 
of the 2008 financial crisis, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act included provisions that prohibited mort-gage lenders from using their title insurance affiliates to gouge consumers. 
Dodd-Frank created a new category of mort-
gages called Qualified Mortgages (QM). Lend-ers that issue these mortgages are granted special legal protection in exchange for keep-ing costs for consumers below a certain threshold. The costs considered under the QM standard encompass all compensation a mort-gage lender receives—including title insurance costs a consumer pays to a company affiliated with a lender. 
These provisions recognized an unfortunate 
reality: many lenders use their title insurance affiliates to charge consumers unnecessarily high fees. According to a 2007 report issued by the Government Accountability Office (GAO), for example, 70 cents of every dollar paid for title fees go toward lining the pockets of agents—not covering losses for the lender. 
And the nature of the title insurance market 
has also opened the door to fraud against homeowners. Just recently in my home state of Maryland, the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau and the Maryland Attorney Gen-eral negotiated a $35.7 million settlement against Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase after finding that loan officers at these banks received illegal kickbacks to steer customers to a Maryland-based title company. 
Americans seeking to purchase a home de-
serve better from the title insurance market. And by including affiliated insurance fees in its definition of costs, the QM standard rep-
resents an important first step in protecting consumers from collusion and price-gouging. 
Rather than strengthen these protections, 
however, H.R. 685 would create loopholes to exempt affiliated insurance fees from the QM cost definition and allow lenders to hit bor-rowers with hundreds and even thousands of dollars in unnecessary mortgage costs. 
By rolling back protections for borrowers 
and raising mortgage costs, H.R. 685 would hurt homebuyers just as our housing sector is beginning to stabilize from the consequences of a financial crisis caused by unscrupulous and abusive practices. I urge my colleagues to reject this destructive bill. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. CHUCK 
KLAUSING ON HIS INDUCTION TO THE FOOTBALL COACHES HALL OF FAME 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mr. Chuck Klausing of Indiana, Pennsylvania for his induction into the Football Coaches Hall of Fame. 
Mr. Klausing began his 46-year coaching 
career in 1948 as head coach at Pitcairn High School before moving to Braddock High in 1954. Throughout the six years that followed, his teams at Braddock remained undefeated for 55 straight games, establishing a national record. They outscored their opposition 1471– 302, won six consecutive Western Pennsyl-vania Interscholastic Athletic League cham-pionships, and were featured in Sports Illus-trated. 
Following his years at Braddock, Mr. 
Klausing went on to continued success as the head football coach at Indiana University of Pennsylvania from 1964 to 1969 and at Car-negie Mellon University from 1976 to 1985. While at Carnegie Mellon, he led the school to six conference championships and the NCAA Division III playoffs four times. He won tele-vision’s National Coach of the Year awards in 1979 and 1983, and was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1998. 
In addition to Mr. Klausing’s coaching 
achievements, he is a veteran of World War II and holds a degree in education from Slippery Rock University. Mr. Klausing’s induction in the Football Coaches Hall of Fame brings great distinction upon himself, his community, and the 9th District of Pennsylvania. I invite my colleagues to join me in offering congratu-lations for his many outstanding achievements over his career. ANNIVERSARY OF BOKO HARAM 
KIDNAPPINGS 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with 
my colleagues to recognize the one-year anni-versary of the kidnapping of nearly 300 Nige-rian girls by the terrorist group Boko Haram. 
A year after this horrific act was perpetrated, 
219 of the girls remain missing. Few know of their struggles and of the events in Nigeria, and the world’s focus has largely shifted from rescue to remembrance. 
But we have an opportunity, and a moral re-
sponsibility, to act. To ensure the safe return of these young girls and eliminate Boko Haram, so that no one else’s child suffers at their hands. 
The missing girls risked their lives in pursuit 
of education. Among them we see lawyers, doctors, teachers—future leaders of their country. We see our own daughters. 
Today, I call on my colleagues not just to 
remember these girls, but to recommit to their rescue by passing legislation to combat Boko Haram. 
f 
STOPPING BOKO HARAM 
HON. DAVID N. CICILLINE 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, it has now 
been one year since the kidnapping of 270 Ni-gerian girls from their school dormitory. 
In the time since then, thousands of Nige-
rian men and women have been captured, slaughtered, and raped simply for practicing their Christian faith or pursuing an education. 
These horrific atrocities cry out for a re-
sponse. 
We need to continue to speak up and speak 
out until Boko Haram is defeated, and we bring back these girls. 
Imagine, for a moment, facing the possibility 
of death every day because violent, militant extremists were wreaking havoc just outside your door. 
Imagine, for a moment, having to leave be-
hind everything you owned, all your posses-sions, your entire life, just to keep yourself and your family safe. 
Imagine, for a moment, that your own loved 
ones were murdered simply for practicing their faith or going to school. 
Yet, these are the realities of life for more 
than a million Nigerians today. 
I applaud my colleague, Congresswoman 
F
REDERICA WILSON , for her strong leadership 
on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to continue speaking out until Boko Haram is de-feated and these girls are returned home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP8.001 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E496 April 15, 2015 
FISHING ECONOMY IMPROVEMENT 
ACT 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO 
SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, today I am intro-
ducing the Fishing Economy Improvement Act. The bill reauthorizes the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act and makes a number of refinements, which I believe can help Magnuson-Stevens Act work even more effectively at ensuring that the United States of America has viable fish stocks and a thriving fishing economy today and into the future. 
In developing the policy proposals in this bill 
I have worked closely with Mr. H
UFFMAN , the 
Ranking Member on the Natural Resources Subcommittee on Water, Power, and Oceans. Together, we have sat through hours of hear-ings on a reauthorization of the Magnuson Act and heard problems identified and remedies suggested from a variety of groups with an in-terest in America’s fisheries. 
That experience has made clear that there 
are a number of areas where there could be bipartisan agreement on improvements that can be made to Magnuson. In this time of ‘‘gridlock’’ in Congress, I think it is important that we do not miss opportunities in areas 
where there is consensus. 
So, for instance, the Fishing Economy Im-
provement Act proposes that we improve fish-eries data collection through the use of elec-tronic monitoring and that we overhaul the way that the federal government manages this data so that we get the most value from it. The Fishing Economy Improvement Act in-creases opportunities for public participation in the fishery management process by requiring widely accepted, modern-day practices such as live, online broadcasting of fishery council meetings. And the bill allows for data collected by states from recreational fishing to be incor-porated into federal assessments of the health of fish stocks. These are all ideas that find wide agreement on both sides of the aisle and could further improve the effectiveness of the Magnuson-Stevens conservation and manage-ment practices we already have in place. 
Of course, I also have a responsibility to the 
people I represent to look for improvements to our national fishing policies that could specifi-cally yield improvements for the Northern Mar-iana Islands. One proposal in the Fishing Economy Improvement Act is to assure the in-terests of subsistence fishers, or what the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations refers to as artisanal fishers, are represented on the regional fishery man-agement councils. The people of the Northern Mariana Islands are generally not involved in industrial scale fishing, but we have a tradition of livelihood from the sea that goes back for millennia and continues to this day. These is-land fishermen and women should have a seat on the Western Pacific Regional Fishery Management Council, right beside the indus-trial users—as should Native Alaska and Na-tive American subsistence users on the other seven regional councils, where appropriate. This proposal, too, is an area of bipartisan agreement. 
Pacific islanders also should have a more 
official role in the international organization that is responsible for managing and con-
serving tuna and other highly migratory fish in our region. For that reason, the Fishing Econ-omy Improvement Act requires that one of the five U.S. seats on the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Commission always be held by a resident of American Samoa, Guam, or the Northern Mariana Islands. The seat would rotate among our three island jurisdictions. 
I also believe that, when the rights to fish 
around the Northern Mariana Islands are sold, the fees should go directly to the government of the Northern Mariana Islands. Right now, some of those fees go to WestPac, the federal regional council, and WestPac has to use the funds for marine conservation. I am not op-posed to conservation. We cannot have a strong fishing economy unless we manage stocks sustainably and maintain the overall health of the oceans. But revenues from Northern Marianas resources belong to the people of the islands. Their own government should decide the best use for those funds— not WestPac, a federal agency. My bill helps ensure that revenues from fishing around the U.S. Pacific islands, such as the Northern Marianas, go to people of those islands. 
The people of the Pacific islands have a 
deep cultural tradition of decision-making by consensus. The tradition on the Northern American continent was often to move farther west when neighbors proved difficult. On tiny islands surrounded by vast oceans there is greater pressure to get along and find agree-ment. 
In that spirit I am introducing the Fishing 
Economy Improvement Act. I ask that Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle consider whether there are areas in fishery manage-ment where we can find common ground. I look forward to reaching out to Mr. Y
OUNG of 
Alaska, who has also introduced legislation re-authorizing the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act. I know there are proposals in Mr. Y
OUNG ’s bill with 
which I can agree; and I believe there are ideas in the bill I have introduced that are in harmony with or could build upon the pro-posals in his bill. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2015 INDUCTEES 
TO THE NORTHERN VIRGINIA FOOTBALL HALL OF FAME 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the Northern Virginia Football Hall of Fame and to congratulate the 2015 in-ductees and scholarship award recipients. 
The importance of youth sports cannot be 
overstated. Participation in organized sports instills in our youth many values that will serve them well throughout life. These values in-clude sportsmanship, teamwork, honesty, a sense of belonging, and, maybe most impor-tant, the work ethic developed by striving for success and working to achieve a common goal. 
I commend the Northern Virginia Football 
Hall of Fame (NVFHOF) for providing opportu-nities for our children to succeed and be a part of a team. I also congratulate the fol-lowing students, coaches and community lead-ers who are being inducted during the 25th 
Annual NVFHOF Awards Banquet: 
$1,500 Scholarship Award Recipients: 
Ashleigh Holsworth (West Potomac HS), Ryan L. Bursiek (West Springfield HS), and Jona-than R. McVicker (Lake Braddock SS), and Mason Scoville (Westfield HS) 
Fairfax County Football Hall of Fame 2015 
Inductees: Michael Claussin (Springfield Youth Club, West Springfield HS, JMU, Jacksonville Jaguars, Buffalo Bills, and Washington Red-skins), Vaughn Lewis (Edison HS Head Coach, Thomas Jefferson HS Head Coach, Stafford HS Asst, Coach), and Jeff Davey (Chantilly YA, Club Commissioner, Youth Football Head Coach) 
Football Officials of the Year: Andre Jones 
(Fairfax County FOA), Rick Artigas (Northern Virginia FOA), and Anthony Wallace (D.C. Metropolitan FOA) 
Karl Davey Community Achievement Award: 
John Reynolds (FCPS Athletic Training Pro-grams Administrator) 
Tom Davis Meritorious Service Award: Dan 
Sutherland (FCPA, Grounds Management Manager) 
Gene Nelson Commissioner of the Year 
Award: David Hall (Commissioner, VYI) 
High School Players of the Year: James 
Gibson, III (Westfield HS), Tyler West (Lang-ley HS), Gerald Hulett, Jr. (South County HS), Matt Gallagher (Battlefield HS), Will Mejia (Falls Church HS), Nick Mathews (Patriot HS) 
High School Coaches of the Year: Wayne 
Hogwood (Wakefield HS), Chris Haddock (Centreville HS) 
Youth Sports Players of the Year: Malachi 
Galloway (Alex. Rec.), Aaron Saunders (Amer-ican Pride YF), Dakwandre Marshall (Annan-dale Boys & Girls Club), Savion Whiting (Ar-lington FL), Nathan Smith, (BRYC), Pierre Johnson (CYA), Aidan Doherty (Dulles South YL), Bradley M. Brewington IV (Fairfax Police YL), Benjamin Pavek (Ft. Belvoir Youth Sports), Mike Pidgeon (Ft. Hunt), E. Claybyrne Prescot Sailor (Gainsville-Haymarket), Justin Gibson (Gum Springs), Stephen Schoenefeldt (Herndon Optimist Club), Christina Thompson (James Lee), William Scott Wolfe (Lee-Fran-conia), Spencer Irons (Manassas YFL), Mathew Moschella (McLean YF), Cameron Savage (RYA), Ethan Davies (SCAA), Matt Hunter (SYA), Ryan Lipton (Springfield Youth Club), and Chandler O’Rourke (VYI) 
Youth Sports Coaches of the Year: Mike 
Johnson (VYI), Matt Huling (SYA), Chris Go-ings (CYA), and Ken Simmons (BRYC) 
Youth Cheerleaders of the Year: Layla Men-
ard (American Pride Youth Football), Payton Delean (Dulles South Youth League), Daisy Anderson (VYI) and Emma Sahlgren (VYI) 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in congratulating the Northern Youth Foot-ball League as well as those students, coach-es and community leaders who are being hon-ored at this 2015 Hall of Fame celebration. 
f 
HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH, BERKLEY 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the 150th anniversary of First Baptist Church, Berkley in Norfolk, Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15AP8.006 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E497 April 15, 2015 
In 1865, thirty members of Bank Street Bap-
tist Church began praying in a tent abandoned by Union soldiers after the culmination of the Civil War. These meetings were later moved to the homes of the various members. On April 15, 1868, these individuals received let-ters of dismissal from Bank Street Baptist and left to begin a new church led by Reverend Samuel S. Jones. 
The new church was initially called Cedar 
Grove Baptist, receiving its name from the cedar trees that lined the road to the church. An empty plantation building served as the first church building and services were held in a large upper room. The congregation soon outgrew the plantation building and moved to a new worship hall on the corner of Pine and Walnut Streets. Reverend Richard Wright was elected the new pastor of Cedar Grove Bap-tist. Reverend Wright began fund-raising for a new hall of worship, but passed away prior to completion. Reverend Madison Lewis served as pastor for nearly 10 years and was leading the church at the completion of First Baptist Church Montaland. Unfortunately, the Montaland church building was devastated by a fire in 1908 and a new church could not be constructed until 1910. After the fire, the con-gregation met at the local Masonic Hall. 
In 1910, the new church building, named 
First Baptist Church, Berkley, opened its doors to the Norfolk community. Throughout the church’s entire history, First Baptist Church, Berkley has had a rich legacy of outreach. During the Great Depression, under the lead-ership of Reverend John Carter Diamond, the church helped feed the community by opening soup kitchens and bread lines. The church created a nursery and hired unemployed mothers to supplement their family income. With a focus on education, the nursery was converted into a church kindergarten. 
In 1963, Reverend William Tyree, Jr. began 
his pastorship with a philosophy of educating the congregation. Under his leadership, sev-eral classes were created to benefit all mem-bers of the church. Through his strong belief in education, Reverend Tyree formed the Tri- Committee, which focused on the church’s outreach into the community through social and civic engagement. Reverend Tyree recog-nized the need for a new church facility and led the congregation in an effort to build the current location of First Baptist Church, Berk-ley at Berkley Avenue and Culpepper Street, which opened on June 22, 1986. Reverend Tyree served the church for more than 32 years before his passing on December 23, 1994. His son, William D. Tyree, III, began his pastorship in May of 1996 and continues to serve the church today. 
Over the last 150 years, 13 pastors have 
served the church’s congregation—Rev. Sam-uel S. Jones, Rev. Richard Wright, Rev. Madi-son Lewis, Rev. H.L. Barco, Rev. Sutton Griggs, Rev. J.H. Randolph, Rev. W.R. Slade, Rev. Lafayette Sharpe, Rev. A.O. Bello, Rev. John Carter Diamond, Rev. Noel C. Taylor, Rev. William D. Tyree, Jr., and Rev. William D. Tyree, III. 
Mr. Speaker, as First Baptist Church, Berk-
ley of Norfolk, Virginia celebrates this historic milestone, the congregation can rejoice in 150 years of successful discipleship and public service in the Hampton Roads community. I would like to congratulate the 13th pastor of First Baptist Church, Berkley, Reverend Wil-liam D. Tyree, III, and all of the members of the church’s congregation on the occasion of 
its 150th Anniversary. I wish them many more years of fellowship and dedicated service to the community. 
f 
JEFFERSON MIDDLE SCHOOL 
ARCHERY TEAM 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize the Jefferson Mid-dle School Archery Team from Champaign, Il-linois for the continued and outstanding suc-cess of their program. 
At the state competition this past March, the 
Jefferson Archery Team brought home the state championship title in the middle school division for the third straight year. 
The Jefferson Team had five individual 
medalists at the state competition as Breanna Velez took 3rd place and Maddy Brown took 4th place in the female division, while Luke Miller took 1st place, Spencer Weis took 2nd place, and Ivan Chu took 4th place in the male division. 
I would like to congratulate these five out-
standing archers on their success and the en-tire Jefferson Archery Team on their 3rd con-secutive state title. 
I am truly proud to represent this group of 
exceptional student-athletes, and I wish them the best of luck as they represent the entire state of Illinois in competition for the national title in May: 
Spencer Weis, Breanna Velez, Chikako 
Barnes, Maddy Brown, Jacob Rosenbaum, Cayla Risinger, Joel Everett, Lucas Brown, Luke Miller, Clayton Knierim, Isaac Stevens, Olivia Geis, Noga Adar, Ben Hannauer, Na-than Yahnke, Tristan Summers, Trevor Bo-land, Benjamin Kirkland, Anthony Erlinger, Lauryn Henry, Nicole Olivier, Jacob Rice, Gage Miller, Henry Hornbrook, and Ivan Chu. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHILD HOME AND 
COMMUNITY’S 35TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in recognition of 35 years of commitment to young mothers of Bucks and Montgomery counties by Child Home and Community. 
Working with local schools and hospitals, 
Child Home and Community provides assist-ance and educational opportunities for young parents from all backgrounds to be better, healthier parents. 
CHC’s programs—including free childbirth 
classes, support groups, career counseling and other advocacy services—help address real needs in our communities and bring about tangible benefits for participants, including be-coming ‘‘more likely to stay in school and graduate, find employment with good benefits, prepare their children for school and become productive members of the community.’’ 
As a supporter of this worthwhile organiza-
tion and their more than three decades of dedication, it is an honor to mark their 35th 
anniversary and celebrate with them and the thousands of young families they have sup-ported. 
Congratulations and continued success in 
Bucks and Montgomery counties to everyone at Child Home and Community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2015 TOWN OF 
VIENNA POLICE DEPARTMENT VALOR AWARD RECIPIENTS PRE-SENTED BY THE FAIRFAX COUN-TY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize an outstanding group of men and women in Northern Virginia. These individuals have demonstrated superior dedication to pub-lic safety and have been awarded the pres-tigious Valor Award by the Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce. 
This is the 37th Annual Valor Awards spon-
sored by the Fairfax County Chamber of Com-merce. This event honors the remarkable her-oism and bravery in the line of duty exempli-fied by our public safety officers. Our public safety and law enforcement personnel put their lives on the line every day to keep our families and neighborhoods safe. This year’s ceremony will recognize 93 individuals in a va-riety of categories including: the Lifesaving Certificate, the Certificate of Valor, and the Bronze, Silver, or Gold Medal of Valor. 
Three members of the Town of Vienna Po-
lice Department are being honored this year for their exceptional service. 
It is with great pride that I submit the names 
of the following Valor Award recipients: 
Certificate of Valor Recipients: Police Officer John Digan Police Officer Marcos Herrera Master Police Officer Tim Seitz Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the 2015 Valor 
Award Recipients, and thank each of the men and women who serve in the Town of Vienna Police Department. Their efforts, made on be-half of the citizens of our community, are self-less acts of heroism and truly merit our high-est praise. I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding this group of remarkable citizens. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, on the dates of 
February 24 through March 3 of this year, I was away from the Capitol tending to a family medical situation that required my presence. Due to these unforeseen circumstances, I was unable to vote on any legislative measures on the floor during this time. 
On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass 
HR 212, Roll Call Vote #84, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass 
HR 734, Roll Call Vote #85, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.001 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E498 April 15, 2015 
On Ordering the Previous Question, Roll 
Call Vote #86, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Agreeing to the Resolution H RES 121, 
Roll Call Vote #87, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass 
HR 1020, Roll Call Vote #88, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Motion to Recommit with Instructions HR 
529, Roll Call Vote #89, had I been present I would have voted no. 
On Passage of HR 529, to amend the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans, Roll Call Vote #90, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Consideration of the Resolution H RES 
125, Roll Call Vote #91, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Ordering the Previous Question, Roll 
Call Vote #92, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Agreeing to the Resolution H RES 125, 
Roll Call Vote #93, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Approving the Journal, Roll Call Vote 
#94, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On the amendment of Mr. K
ENNEDY of Mas-
sachusetts, Amendment No. 67 to HR 5, Roll Call Vote #95, had I been present I would have voted no. 
On the amendment of Mr. G
ROTHMAN of 
Wisconsin, Amendment No. 128 to HR 5, Roll Call Vote #96, had I been present I would have voted no. 
On the amendment of Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, 
Amendment No. 43 to HR 5, Roll Call Vote #97, had I been present I would have voted no. 
On the amendment of Mr. Q
UIGLEY of Illi-
nois, Amendment No. 96 to HR 5, Roll Call Vote #98, had I been present I would have voted no. 
On the amendment of Ms. M
OORE of Wis-
consin, Amendment No. 40 to HR 5, Roll Call Vote #99, had I been present I would have voted no. 
On Ordering the Previous Question, Roll 
Call Vote #100, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Agreeing to the Resolution H RES 129, 
Roll Call Vote #101, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Motion to Request a Conference on HR 
240, Roll Call Vote #102, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Approving the Journal, Roll Call Vote 
#103, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Passage of HJ RES 35, Making fur-
thering continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2015, Roll Call Vote #104, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Motion to Instruct Conferees on HR 240, 
Roll Call Vote #105, had I been present I would have voted no. 
On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Con-
cur in the Senate Amendment to HR 33, Roll Call Vote #106, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass 
HR 294, Roll Call Vote #107, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Motion to Table the Senate Amendment 
to HR 240, Roll Call Vote #108, had I been present I would have voted no. 
On Motion to Recede and Concur in the 
Senate Amendment to HR 240, Making appro-priations for the Department of Homeland Se-
curity for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, Roll Call Vote #109, had I been present I would have voted no. 
On the amendment of Mr. M
CCLINTOCK of 
California, Amendment No. 6 to HR 749, had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Motion to Recommit with Instructions HR 
749, Roll Call Vote #111, had I been present I would have voted no. 
On Passage of HR 749, To reauthorize Fed-
eral support for passenger rail programs, Roll Call Vote #112, had I been present I would have voted no. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,013,569,439.51. We’ve 
added $7,525,136,520,526.43 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MR. DAVID 
ROSELEIP ON HIS DECADES OF SERVICE TO AND RETIREMENT FROM THE WASHINGTON AGFORESTRY LEADERSHIP PRO-GRAM 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor the career and countless achievements of Mr. David Roseleip. A giant in Washington State, Dave spent his childhood in St. Ignatius, Montana before matriculating to Montana State University. Raised on a dairy and diversified crop farm with his twin brother, Dave’s upbringing inspired him to pursue and attain a degree in Agriculture Science and Ec-onomics. After graduation, Dave moved to Spokane, Washington where he began his long and impactful career at Farm Credit Banks. While continuing to serve farmers at his day job, Dave enrolled in the first class of the Washington Agriculture and Forestry Edu-cation Foundation’s Leadership Program which provides essential training to individuals engaged in farming, forestry, and fishing in Washington State. 
Four years after graduating from the pro-
gram, Dave became president of AgForestry. Under his stewardship, AgForestry continued its mission, providing outstanding services and resources to its students. In fact, during his tenure, Dave has overseen the recruitment and selection of Leadership Classes 7 through 37 and has proudly watched nearly 1,000 graduates of the program go on to successful careers in agriculture and forestry. Working tirelessly with the Washington State Legisla-ture, along with various government depart-
ments and national organizations, Dave has ensured that the program’s trips to Olympia and Washington, D.C. have been filled with engaging and enlightening classes and experi-ences. One of his greatest accomplishments as president of AgForestry was the coordina-tion of ‘‘International Seminars’’ to nearly 45 different countries, giving students a greater understanding of global issues and the impor-tance of American agriculture in the world. 
Of course, Dave’s incredible legacy extends 
beyond AgForestry. Dave joined forces with leadership from three other organizations in co-founding the ‘‘International Association of Programs for Agricultural Leadership.’’ In addi-tion, Dave has served on the boards of Farm-ing and the Environment, the Pacific North-west Farm Forum, the Washington Biodiversity Council, and the Washington Agriculture Council. After more than 30 years of service to AgForestry, Dave will be retiring in June. His impacts will be long-felt in Washington agricul-tural and forestry circles, and his work is something that we can all take pride in. I wish both Dave and his loving wife, Jan, a long and happy retirement. 
f 
HONORING GWENDOLYN NERO 
LOPER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor Mrs. Gwendolyn Nero Loper, the daughter of the late Malinda and Willis Nero, who graduated from Greenwood High School in 1946. She attended Tougaloo College from 1948 to 1952 graduating cum laude with a degree in sociology. She received a Master of Social Work degree from Howard University in 1955. She became one of the first Black social workers in Mississippi with a graduate social work degree. 
This honoree’s work experience as a social 
worker includes seven years with the Depart-ment of Human Services (the Welfare Depart-ment) and in 1966 she became the first Black social worker, employed with the Veterans Ad-ministration. After working thirty years at the V. A. Medical Center, she retired in 1995. She then worked four years as Field Instructor at Jackson State University in the School of So-cial Work’s Master of Social Work Program. 
Mrs. Loper’s dedication to the field of social 
work earned several ‘‘firsts’’ to be recognized. These include: the first black woman ap-pointed to the Mississippi Board of Mental Health, to represent the social work profession by Governor William Waller in 1974; she was reappointed by Governors William Winter and Bill Allain. She served in this position until 1994. On February 17, 1995, the Mississippi State Board of Mental Health named the Ad-ministration Building at the Hudspeth Regional Center in Whitfield, Mississippi, the Gwen-dolyn Nero Loper Administration Building. This, too, was the first time a building had been named in honor of a social worker in the State of Mississippi. 
Among Mrs. Loper’s other community in-
volvements are the following: charter member of the Jackson National Council of Negro Women; past president of Delta Sigma Theta 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.004 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E499 April 15, 2015 
Sorority and YWCA; life memberships—the 
NAACP, National Council of Negro Women, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., and Tougaloo National Alumni Association. She is the recipient of numerous awards and honors. Included are: Delta Woman of the Year (1965); Tougaloo Alumna of the Year (1975); Mississippi Chapter Social Worker of the Year (1976); Black Women’s Political Action Com-munity Service Award (1990); Howard Univer-sity School of Social Work Outstanding Alum-na (1998); Tougaloo Hall of Fame (1992); the Tougaloo Meritorious Leadership Award (2003); and the Outstanding Greenwoodian in Community Service Award (1998). She is ac-tive in her church, Farish Street Baptist, and the Jackson Chapter of the Links, Inc. She en-joys spending time with her family, especially her grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Mrs. Gwendolyn Nero Loper for giving back to the community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2015 TOWN OF 
HERNDON POLICE DEPARTMENT VALOR AWARD RECIPIENTS PRE-SENTED BY THE FAIRFAX COUN-TY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize an outstanding group of men and women in Northern Virginia. These individuals have demonstrated superior dedication to pub-lic safety and have been awarded the pres-tigious Valor Award by the Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce. 
This is the 37th Annual Valor Awards spon-
sored by the Fairfax County Chamber of Com-merce. This event honors the remarkable her-oism and bravery in the line of duty exempli-fied by our public safety officers. Our public safety and law enforcement personnel put their lives on the line every day to keep our families and neighborhoods safe. This year’s ceremony will recognize 93 individuals in a va-riety of categories including: the Lifesaving Certificate, the Certificate of Valor, and the Bronze, Silver, or Gold Medal of Valor. 
Four members of the Town of Herndon Po-
lice Department are being honored this year for their exceptional service. 
It is with great pride that I submit the names 
of the following Valor Award recipients: 
Bronze Medal of Valor Recipients: Police Officer Eliezer Calo Special Police Officer Warrie Proffitt Certificate of Valor Recipients: Special Police Officer Mark Butler Corporal Steven Brown Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the 2015 Valor 
Award Recipients, and thank each of the men and women who serve in the Town of Hern-don Police Department. Their efforts, made on behalf of the citizens of our community, are selfless acts of heroism and truly merit our highest praise. I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding this group of remarkable citi-zens. IN HONOR OF THE CARIBOU FIRE 
AND AMBULANCE DEPARTMENT 
HON. BRUCE POLIQUIN 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I am honored 
to rise today to congratulate the Caribou Fire and Ambulance Department on earning the 2015 Congressional Fire Services Institute/ Masimo Excellence in Fire Service-Based Emergency Medical Services Award. This brave team of volunteer Mainers represents sound practice and dedication to protecting others day in and day out. 
This top-tier department is tasked with cov-
ering 348 square miles, amounting to nine towns and 14,000 residents. The fire and medical units handle first response services for a vast rural district that houses sporting ac-tivities such as boating, hunting, ATV trails, and winter sledding. Furthermore, the depart-ment conducts emergency transfers by land and air from a local hospital to a trauma cen-ter 175 miles away. 
Under Chief Scott Susi, the Caribou Fire 
and Ambulance Department boasts three five- person crews, along with 15 full time para-medics—a crowning achievement for a depart-ment hoping to expand without a cor-responding financial burden on the commu-nities it serves. 
Community engagement directly cor-
responds to the success of this department. Sensitivity to the taxable impact of its oper-ations and attendance at local council meet-ings are just two of the multitude of ways in which this department actively and uniquely works together with the region in which it serves. 
The Caribou Fire and Ambulance Depart-
ment serves as a model of efficient success for fellow Maine fire and Ambulance depart-ments and for service men and women across our country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NICOLE SHAH’S AC-
COMPLISHMENTS AND DEDICA-TION TO COMMUNITY SERVICE 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Nicole Shah for her outstanding service in the Springfield, Missouri, community and to congratulate her on receiving one of two 2015 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards for the state of Missouri and the President’s Volunteer Service Award. 
Nicole is president and co-founder of Every 
Teen Helps Inspire Change, also known as ETHIC. ETHIC was formed to help sick chil-dren and others suffering from serious illness. She and friends founded the non-profit two years ago while planning a service project for her school. She saw the need for teenagers in the community to have a constant opportunity for service. In the two years since ETHIC’s founding, the group has raised $75,000 and has put the funds toward the purchase of a frozen treat machine at Springfield’s Mercy Hospital for children undergoing chemotherapy to relieve pain from mouth sores. Other efforts 
have included organizing a fundraiser to help pay for 10 Nepalese patients’ major surgeries as well as a painting project and auction to raise funds for Mercy Children’s Hospital, St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital and its local Ronald McDonald Houses. 
The powerful impact ETHIC has had on the 
community continues to expand as more Springfield teenagers from area high schools join the cause. Nicole is responsible for re-cruitment, budgeting, group promotions and event planning for the non-profit and hopes to further spread the influence at the college level next year. 
It is an honor to represent such fine young 
people as Nicole Shah. Nicole, at the age of 16, has had a positive impact on lives around the world. I look forward to hearing many more great stories from ETHIC and Nicole as the group moves forward. I congratulate her on this phenomenal achievement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AUXILIARY BISHOP 
ROBERT EARL SMITH, SR., FOR HIS 49 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE WHITE CLOUD EMPOWER-MENT CENTER CHURCH OF GOD 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, it 
is a great honor to recognize Bishop Robert Earle Smith, Sr., for his commendable service to The White Cloud Empowerment Center Church of God and for his elevation to the Of-fice of Auxiliary Bishop in the Church of God in Christ. It is fitting that we take a moment to recognize Bishop Smith’s accomplishments and contributions to spreading the word of God all over Michigan and the United States. 
Throughout his life, Bishop Smith has been 
deeply committed to serving God and his peo-ple. He moved to Michigan at the age of 14 and began attending Saint James Church of God in Christ. After graduating from Flint Northern High School, Bishop Smith served his country in the United States Air Force. Next he took college courses at the University of Maryland, Mott Community College, and the University of Michigan, Flint, where he contin-ued to wholeheartedly pursue his ministry am-bitions. He went on to serve as the Dean of the Flint branch of the C.H. Mason Bible Col-lege where he integrated faith and education. Bishop Smith recalls sharing his faith with thousands of people in an arena in Memphis, Tennessee, when he served as the vice-presi-dent of the Sunday School Convention. 
Today, Bishop Smith serves as the pastor 
and preaches in two different Church of God in Christ locations in Michigan. For nearly fifty years, Bishop Smith has traveled 300 miles round-trip from his home in Flint to White Cloud in order to serve as the pastor of The White Cloud Empowerment Center Church of God in Christ. His devout dedication to the Lord is evident as he reaches out to pray for and assist the homeless, needy, youth, and the lost. His mission is to give love and com-passion to anyone in need, which is reflective of the very walk of Jesus Christ. 
Throughout his life and ministry, Bishop 
Robert Earle Smith, Sr., has been a shining 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.007 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E500 April 15, 2015 
example of being a faithful follower of God. He 
has passionately dedicated his life to serving the Lord through ministry and evangelism. Bishop Smith, thank you for what you have done not only for the Church of God in Christ, but for all of Michigan and our country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2015 FAIRFAX 
COUNTY POLICE DEPARTMENT VALOR AWARD RECIPIENTS PRE-SENTED BY THE FAIRFAX COUN-TY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize an outstanding group of men and women in Northern Virginia. These individuals have demonstrated superior dedication to pub-lic safety and have been awarded the pres-tigious Valor Award by the Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce. 
This is the 37th Annual Valor Awards spon-
sored by the Fairfax County Chamber of Com-merce. This event honors the remarkable her-oism and bravery in the line of duty exempli-fied by our public safety officers. Our public safety and law enforcement personnel put their lives on the line every day to keep our families and neighborhoods safe. This year’s ceremony will recognize 93 individuals in a va-riety of categories including: the Lifesaving Certificate, the Certificate of Valor, and the Bronze, Silver, or Gold Medal of Valor. 
Forty-eight members of the Fairfax County 
Police Department are being honored this year for their exceptional service. It is with great pride that I submit the names of the following Valor Award Recipients: 
Silver Medal of Valor Recipients: Police Offi-
cer First Class Roberto Asencios; Police Offi-cer First Class Kevin Gemmell; Police Officer First Class Ryan Quarto; Police Officer First Class Thomas Thompson; Police Officer First Class Nathan Van Husen; Sergeant Michael Gubesch; Police Officer First Class Kenyatta Momon; Police Officer First Class Tyler Tim-berlake 
Bronze Medal of Valor Recipients: Police 
Officer First Class Gershon Ramirez; Sergeant Lieutenant Richard Buisch; Police Officer First Class Robert Marshall; Police Officer First Class Eric Runkles; Police Officer First Class Shannon Sams; Police Officer First Class Larry St. Clair; Second Lieutenant Jane Burns; Police Officer First Class Shawn Carroll; Po-lice Officer Harrison Gamble; Police Officer First Class Edward George; Police Officer An-thony Capizzi; Police Officer First Class Sarah Hansen; Captain Graham McGowan; Master Police Officer Steven Carroll; Master Police Officer Jey Phillips; Second Lieutenant Jeffrey Reiff 
Certificate of Valor Recipients: Police Officer 
Brian Geschke; Detective Brett Choyce; De-tective Richard Early, Detective Stephen Sulzinski; Detective Brian Takagi; Police Offi-cer First Class Richard Cash; Police Officer First Class Paul Stracke; Police Officer First Class Dustin Tewilliager; Lieutenant Jason Allegra 
Lifesaving Certificate Recipients: Police Offi-
cer Michael Crutchman; Police Officer Jesse Katzman; Police Officer Tyler Spencer; Police Officer First Class Scott Abram; Police Officer 
First Class Daniel Bond; Police Officer First Class David Faulk; Police Officer First Class Sarah Hansen; Police Officer First Class Craig Quattrin; Police Officer First Class Gershon Ramirez; Police Officer First Class Leslie Schmitt; Police Officer First Class Timothy Schultz; Master Police Officer Mary Hulse; Master Police Officer Scott MacCaskill; Master Police Officer Howard Mergler; Master Police Officer Chris Musser; Master Police Officer Robert Urps; Second Lieutenant Dana Robin-son 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the 2015 Valor 
Award Recipients, and thank each of the men and women who serve in the Fairfax County Police Department. Their efforts, made on be-half of the citizens of our community, are self-less acts of heroism and truly merit our high-est praise. I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding this group of remarkable citizens. 
f 
INTRODUCING A RESOLUTION TO 
RECOGNIZE JUNE AS MEN’S CAN-CER AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
highlight an issue of growing concern to this nation: cancer among men, by introducing a resolution recognizing June as Men’s Cancer Awareness Month. 
Cancer is a deadly disease that does not 
discriminate. It impacts all demographics and every segment of our population. However, what I find extremely alarming is that cancer is claiming the lives of males of all races and ages at an alarming rate. One in 2 men will be diagnosed with cancer over the course of their lifetimes. Men face a 43.31 percent lifetime risk of being diagnosed with some form of cancer. Statistics show that men have a 22.83 percent chance of dying from cancer versus 19.26 percent of women. The Centers for Dis-ease Control (CDC) estimates that nearly 300,000 men die annually as a result of can-cer. Furthermore, African American men have the highest cancer incidence and mortality rates according to the CDC. 
I ask my fellow Members of Congress to 
join me in shining a light on this deadly dis-ease that is plaguing the men of our commu-nities. These men are our fathers, grand-fathers, brothers, uncles, sons, grandsons, and nephews. Recognizing and preventing men’s health problems is not just an issue fac-ing men, it also has a profound impact on the lives of wives, mothers, daughters, and sis-ters, and is truly a family issue. No one should ever be put in a position to have to pre-maturely bury their loved one. 
Additionally, there are a number of con-
sistent gender differences in cancer suscepti-bility. In fact, gender differences in cancer sus-ceptibility are rarely publicized and often inad-equately addressed. There are a number of common cancers that have the highest male- to-female (M:F) ratios, including colorectal cancers; cancers of the lung and bronchus; non-Hodgkin lymphoma, urinary and bladder cancers, and most alarming Kaposi sarcoma. 
I was inspired to introduce this resolution by 
a constituent from my district, Mr. Joel Greshman, who founded the Not 1 Forgotten 
campaign in 2013, after losing two close friends and family members to cancer. Joel created the organization to encourage men to get regular check-ups in order to stay healthy and live longer. By joining Joel and others across the nation to bring greater awareness of cancer among men, it is my sincere hope that we can work together to better promote expanded advocacy, media campaigns and other events. The Not 1 Forgotten campaign has gained momentum in states and cities across our nation from Fort Lauderdale lo-cated in my Congressional district to Atlanta, Augusta, Chicago, Houston, Los Angeles, 
Miami Dade County, and New York. 
The purpose of Men’s Cancer Awareness 
Month is to heighten awareness and encour-age early detection and treatment of cancer among men and boys. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to sup-
port this critically important resolution and rec-ognize June as Men’s Cancer Awareness Month. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAPTAIN LUTHER 
RICE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the life of Captain Luther Rice, a veteran of the United States Marine Corps and a truly selfless Hoosier. 
Luther was a devoted husband, father, and 
grandfather. He was married to his wife Bar-bara Anne Nehls Rice for 61 years. Together, they had three children and six grandchildren. Luther was also a proud Marine. He served in the United States Marine Corps for 23 years, eventually retiring with the rank of Captain in 1971. He completed one tour in Korea and two tours of duty in Vietnam, earning a Bronze Star with Combat ‘‘V’’ during his second Viet-nam tour. Overall, Captain Rice was awarded an impressive 14 different medals during his career in the Marines. 
After his distinguished military career, Luther 
started attending night and summer school at Indiana State University, where he earned his Bachelor’s degree in 1977 and a Master’s in K–12 education in 1978. Luther found a pas-sion for education and was named principal of Connersville vocational school where he served from 1979 to 1983. He also taught at the Career Center in Versailles, Indiana, and was eventually appointed school principal there as well—a position he served in until his retirement in 1992. In 1991, Luther was ap-pointed Judge of Aurora City Court by Indiana Governor Evan Bayh, a position he held for six years. 
In his spare time, Luther enjoyed supporting 
fellow veterans in his community. Luther was a lifetime member of the Korean War Veterans Association and served as its National Director for six years. He also volunteered at Dearborn County Hospital for 17 years, where he even-tually became President of the Dearborn County Hospital Community Foundation. 
Today, it is my privilege to honor the life of 
Captain Luther Rice. My thoughts and prayers go out to Luther’s family, and may God com-fort those he left behind with His peace and strength. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.010 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E501 April 15, 2015 
HONORING BOLIVAR COMMUNITY 
ACTION AGENCY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable Social Service Agency, Bolivar Community Action Agency which is located in Bolivar County, Mississippi. 
Bolivar County Community Action Agency is 
a 501(C3) tax-exempt organization with a fif-teen member board of directors composed of equal representation from the public, private and poor sectors. As a leading program in the State of Mississippi, Bolivar County Commu-nity Action Agency provides a variety of serv-ices ranging from preschool childcare to a senior companion program; from a homeless shelter to transitional housing; from a youth adolescent offenders program to a general education diploma program. 
The Agency’s principal activities for over 
forty years consists of carrying out Community Action Programs through grants received from the State of Mississippi Department of Human Services, the Federal Department of Health & Human Services, the Mississippi State Depart-ment of Education and other governmental and private funding agencies. Those programs consist of: Head Start, Early Head Start, Delta Workforce Investment Area In-School/Out- School Program, Aging & Senior Companion Division, Community Services Block Grant, Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Pro-gram, Transitional Housing, Community Action Transitional Shelter, Community Action New Start and Adolescent Opportunity Programs. 
In 2012 the Bolivar County Community Ac-
tion Agency, Inc. Board of Directors appointed the first female and African American as Exec-utive Director, Mrs. Elnora F. Littleton, who was a Head Start pioneer and aware of the agency’s varied programs. Her testimony is one of success—who started over forty years ago as a high school graduate employed in the Head Start Program. Her ambition, dedica-tion and passion for the betterment of low-in-come children and families in Bolivar County, Mississippi has served as stepping stones pro-moting her from Teacher’s Assistant to Teach-er; from Center Director to Nutrition Director, and from Education Director to Head Start Di-rector. 
Serving faithfully under the leadership of 
former Executive Director Billy J. McCain, Mrs. Littleton has witnessed transitions and devel-opment of Head Start’s meager beginnings to a multi-million dollar program. 
As Executive Director, Ms Littleton is re-
sponsible for programmatic and fiscal compo-nents that serve 843 children and families in Bolivar County. 
To say the least, her accomplishments and 
accolades are impeccable. She is respectively known locally and nationally as ‘‘a person who gets the job done.’’ Mrs. Littleton, along with the board of directors and staff, anticipates higher dimensions and a new direction for the agency that will not only impact the community and today’s generation, but generations to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing an amazing social service orga-nization. RECOGNIZING THE 2015 FAIRFAX 
COUNTY OFFICE OF THE SHER-IFF VALOR AWARD RECIPIENTS PRESENTED BY THE FAIRFAX COUNTY CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize an outstanding group of men and women in Northern Virginia. These individuals have demonstrated superior dedication to pub-lic safety and have been awarded the pres-tigious Valor Award by the Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce. 
This is the 37th Annual Valor Awards spon-
sored by the Fairfax County Chamber of Com-merce. This event honors the remarkable her-oism and bravery in the line of duty exempli-fied by our public safety officers. Our public safety and law enforcement personnel put their lives on the line every day to keep our families and neighborhoods safe. This year’s ceremony will recognize 93 individuals in a va-riety of categories including: the Lifesaving Certificate, the Certificate of Valor, and the Bronze, Silver, or Gold Medal of Valor. 
Six members of the Fairfax County Office of 
the Sheriff Office are being honored this year for their exceptional service. 
It is with great pride that I submit the names 
of the following Valor Award recipients: 
Certificate of Valor Recipients: Correctional Health Nurse Joan Dempsey; PFC Sonya Claiborne; PFC Michael Ittner; PFC Teena Putman; 2nd Lieutenant Joseph Evans; 1st Lieutenant Charles Oakley Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the 2015 Valor 
Award Recipients, and thank each of the men and women who serve in the Fairfax County Sheriff’s Office. Their efforts, made on behalf of the citizens of our community, are selfless acts of heroism and truly merit our highest praise. I ask my colleagues to join me in ap-plauding this group of remarkable citizens. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. GLENN D. 
STEELE, JR., PRESIDENT AND CEO OF GEISINGER HEALTH SYS-TEM 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Dr. Glenn Steele, Jr., who will be retiring in June after a stellar, fourteen-year tenure as President and CEO of Geisinger Health System. Under his leadership, Geisinger grew and gained national recogni-tion for its innovative approach to health care. Today, the company serves 2.6 million resi-dents across 44 counties in Pennsylvania and employs almost 21,000 people. For his groundbreaking and imaginative leadership, Dr. Steele has been recognized as one of the most influential physician executives our na-tion has ever seen. 
During his remarkable company leadership 
stint, Dr. Steele also served on the panel of health advisers for the Congressional Budget 
Office and contributed significantly to a host of prominent medical societies and organizations, including the American Surgical Association, the Institute of Medicine of the National Acad-emy of Sciences, and the Roundtable on Value and Science-Driven Healthcare. He is an appointee to the Committee on the Govern-ance and Financing of Graduate Medical Edu-cation, and, in February this year, Dr. Steele joined the ranks of the Millennium Health Advi-sory Board. He has also served as Chairman of the American Board of Surgery and Presi-dent of the Society of Surgical Oncology. 
Dr. Steele’s work has earned him several 
national awards, including the CEO IT Achievement Award in 2005, the American Hospital Association’s (AHA) Grassroots Champion Award in 2007, the 8th Annual (2010) AHA Health Research & Education Trust Award, and the Healthcare Financial Management Association Board of Directors’ Award in 2011. He has been recognized in the Modern Healthcare’s ‘‘50 Most Powerful Physi-
cian Executives’’ numerous times and has made other health care industry ‘‘most influen-tial’’ lists repeatedly. Dr. Steele has addition-ally served on the editorial board of many medical journals and has authored or co-au-thored more than 480 scientific and profes-sional articles—quite a career record! 
It is an honor to recognize Dr. Glenn Steele 
for his many and ongoing accomplishments. I commend him for his innovative leadership in the field of health care and for his indispen-sable contributions to the high quality of life we enjoy in the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania. 
f 
INTRODUCING LEGISLATION TO 
HELP PREVENT HEROIN AND PRESCRIPTION DRUG OVERDOSES 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, today I am pleased 
to come before the House to introduce legisla-tion to exempt from civil liability emergency administration of opioid overdose-reversing drugs, like naloxone by people who prescribe or are prescribed them. I am pleased to be joined in my efforts by Senator M
ARKEY who 
has introduced a companion bill in the Senate. 
Prescription drug overdoses have reached 
epidemic levels in this country. In the past ten years, opioid prescription has doubled. Every day 120 people die from drug overdoses fueled by prescription painkillers. Drugs like naloxone provide the means to counteract the effects of opioid overdoses. This is a life-sav-ing treatment, but some are deterred from pro-viding these drugs for fear of litigation. 
When an opioid overdose occurs, adminis-
tration of an opioid reversal drug is necessary to prevent death. But it must occur within a certain window of time before the chance of survival is lost. This is the time for quick ac-tion, not deliberations over the possibilities of a lawsuit. First responders and other ‘‘Good Samaritans’’ who have the means to treat an opioid overdose should not be dealt this bur-den. 
The bill I am introducing today would protect 
treatment with opioid overdose-reversing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.013 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E502 April 15, 2015 
drugs by volunteers at opioid overdose pro-
grams, health care professionals, and individ-uals who administer the drug to a person who is or reasonably appears to have suffered an overdose. This will give first responders the resources they need to save lives. 
This bill only protects those who prescribe 
opioid reversing drugs, or have been pre-scribed them. And it only covers cir-cumstances in which someone is suffering or is perceived to be suffering from an opioid overdose. Reckless use of opioid reversing drugs will not be condoned. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to 
address the House on this important matter and I assure my colleagues that I will continue my efforts in preserving all lives. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. JACK 
HOLMES ON 47 YEARS OF SERV-ICE AS A PROFESSOR OF POLIT-ICAL SCIENCE AT HOPE COL-LEGE 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize Dr. Jack Holmes and his commendable service to Hope College as a Professor of Political Science. 
After graduating cum laude from Knox Col-
lege with honors in political science, Professor Holmes went on to earn his Ph.D. in political science from the University of Denver. As a Captain in the U.S. Army in the Politico-Mili-tary Division at the Pentagon, Dr. Holmes re-searched major international political decisions affecting the army. After his work in Wash-ington, he moved to Holland, Michigan, to teach at Hope College. After four years, how-ever, he returned to Colorado to work as the District Assistant for Congressman Don Brotzman. This position entailed constituent relations as well as advising on foreign policy, minority, education, and environmental mat-ters. Ever a true Flying Dutchmen though, Professor Holmes returned to Hope in 1975. 
Professor Holmes’ experiences in the public 
sector and his interest in American foreign pol-icy and international relations were instru-mental in creating his Mood/Interest Theory of American Foreign Policy. He has recently writ-ten a follow up to Mood/Interest Theory called Ambivalent America: Cyclical Interactions with Trends. Not only is Professor Holmes an ex-cellent theorist, he has also co-authored a na-tional government textbook American Govern-ment: Essentials & Perspectives as well as many other articles and journals. He has been heavily involved in the Hope College commu-nity, especially as faculty advisor to Model United Nations and to the Hope Republicans. Professor Holmes has also served as a polit-ical consultant and has been very involved with the Michigan Republican party. 
Professor Holmes grew up in Colorado and 
returns each summer. As an avid outdoors-man he spends the summer months on his mountain ranch researching, writing, back-packing, fishing, and even teaching a course on wilderness politics. 
Today, April 27, 2015, we recognize Pro-
fessor Holmes for all of his tireless work and commitment to political science and to Hope College. I want to thank Professor Holmes for 
his service to Hope College, to Michigan, and to this country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2015 FAIRFAX 
COUNTY FIRE AND RESCUE DE-PARTMENT VALOR AWARD RE-CIPIENTS PRESENTED BY THE FAIRFAX COUNTY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize an outstanding group of men and women in Northern Virginia. These individuals have demonstrated superior dedication to pub-lic safety and have been awarded the pres-tigious Valor Award by the Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce. 
This is the 37th Annual Valor Awards spon-
sored by the Fairfax County Chamber of Com-merce. This event honors the remarkable her-oism and bravery in the line of duty exempli-fied by our public safety officers. Our public safety and law enforcement personnel put their lives on the line every day to keep our families and neighborhoods safe. This year’s ceremony will recognize 93 individuals in a va-riety of categories including: the Lifesaving Certificate, the Certificate of Valor, and the Bronze, Silver, or Gold Medal of Valor. 
Thirty-two members of the Fairfax County 
Fire and Rescue Department are being hon-ored this year for their exceptional service. It is with great pride that I submit the names of the following Valor Award Recipients: 
Gold Medal of Valor Recipients: Technician 
Ryland Chapman, Technician Gregory Wood 
Silver Medal of Valor Recipient: Master 
Technician George Moore, Cadet Justin Spears 
Bronze Medal of Valor Recipients: Techni-
cian Davin Bridges; Technician Ian Brill; Tech-nician Mark Deyneka; Technician Michael Eddy; Technician Thomas Feehan; Technician Michael Frames; Technician Timothy Kelly; Technician Michael King; Technician Heather Lefever; Technician Stephanie Leland; Techni-cian Lawrence Mullin; Technician Timothy Pais; Technician Samuel Porter; Technician Robert Ritchie; Technician William Thurston; Master Technician Beverly Studds; Lieutenant Carlos Carrillo; Lieutenant Eric Craven; Lieu-tenant John McDonell; Lieutenant Michael Mil-ler; Firefighter Jason Branham; Technician Louis Botha; Technician William Kight, Jr.; Master Technician Anthony Doran; Captain I Patrick Sheehan 
Certificate of Valor Recipients: Technician 
Adam Armstrong; Firefighter Thomas Johnson 
Lifesaving Certificate Recipient: Inspector 
George Martin, Jr. 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the 2015 Valor 
Award Recipients, and thank each of the men and women who serve in the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department. Their efforts, made on behalf of the citizens of our commu-nity, are selfless acts of heroism and truly merit our highest praise. I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding this group of remark-able citizens. COMMEMORATING THE 36TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE TAIWAN RELA-TIONS ACT 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
acknowledge the anniversary of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA) which was signed into law on April 10, 1979. For the past 36 years, the TRA has facilitated a partnership committed to increasing trade and investment as well as re-gional security. The TRA serves as the corner-stone of the relationship between the United States and Taiwan that has been of mutual economic, cultural, and strategic benefit. 
Taiwan has been an important contributor 
towards economic and political security in Asia for decades, and continues to be a major and invaluable trading partner with the United States. Taiwan’s citizens continue to benefit from self-governance and free-elections, and the open society and democracy of Taiwan al-lows for innovation and growth that puts it on competitive footing with the largest and most powerful countries in the world. 
In celebrating another milestone in the rela-
tionship between the United States and the people of Taiwan, the 36th anniversary of Tai-wan Relations Act (TRA); we not only say thank you, but make certain those provisions of the TRA continue to provide the security necessary to maintain the strength and char-acter of one of our closest allies and economic partners. I am honored to recognize Taiwan on the 36th Anniversary of the Taiwan Rela-tions Act, and I am grateful for our long-standing friendship and our shared commit-ment to promoting enduring stability and pros-perity in the Asia-Pacific region. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE COMMERCIAL METALS COMPANY 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate 100 years of a prosperous busi-ness model and the strong work ethic of the Commercial Metals Company (CMC), a metals company founded in 1915 in Dallas, Texas. 
CMC is celebrating its 100th anniversary of 
business this year. This company started out in Dallas, Texas as a single operation in 1915 by a Russian immigrant named Moses Feld-man. What began as a local recycling busi-ness grew into one of the top domestic steel manufacturers, fabricators and metals recy-clers. CMC today is a Fortune 500 global met-als company with operations in more than 20 countries with almost 200 facilities. It is an honor to have such a successful homegrown business in my district. 
This impressive company wasn’t always so 
prosperous and fortunate; like many busi-nesses, there were lean times and great dif-ficulties it had come in contact with. The stock market crash of 1929 slowed down CMC’s plan for growth as it did the rest of the nation, but by the 1930s it was ready again to thrive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.015 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E503 April 15, 2015 
The company clawed out of the economic 
hard times before exporting scrap iron to inter-national markets. CMC also contributed hard work and necessary services to America’s war effort during WWII. As Americans were in-structed to take all scrap metal to be recycled for guns, tanks and ships, CMC used this as a means of helping and becoming part of the massive surge in manufacturing and producing on behalf of the war effort. 
Structural Metals Inc. (SMI) played a signifi-
cant part in CMC’s success by aiding its do-mestic presence. SMI was founded in Seguin, Texas and was a building block for CMC’s do-mestic steel manufacturing operations. CMC became the first secondary metals company to be listed on a major stock exchange in 1960. In 1963 CMC obtained a stake in SMI and en-tered into steel manufacturing. In the 1970s and 1980s CMC added several other aspects of the steel industry to its already impressive resume. With such expansion and growth CMC became a Fortune 500 company and never looked back. Again, I’m thankful to have a company with such history within my district. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize 
the 100th anniversary of the Commercial Met-als Company. I ask all of my distinguished col-leagues to join me in celebrating this mile-stone in the company’s history. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. RICHARD 
POST 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor the life of an exemplary scientist, Richard Post. Post was a remarkable physicist and inventor at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) in Livermore, Cali-fornia. 
Post was a passionate inventor who had his 
name on over 34 patents. In the 1970s he in-troduced the possibility of lightweight compos-ites that could possibly store great amounts of renewable energy. In recent years, his re-search focused primarily on methods of stor-ing renewable energy in a flywheel. Post’s re-search sought to combat global warming by using flywheels to make renewable energy sources more accessible and affordable. 
Post’s extraordinary career spanned over 60 
years. After World War II, when Post was sta-tioned at the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory and assigned to Pearl Harbor, he completed his graduate studies at Pomona College and earned a Ph.D. in physics in 1950 from Stan-ford University. 
Post spent a year at what would become 
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, work-ing with Nobel Prize winners and noted nu-clear physicist Herb York, who would become LLNL’s first director. Post followed York to LLNL just months after the lab opened in 1952. In 1978 he received the prestigious James Clerk Maxwell Prize in Plasma Physics. 
Post will long be remembered for his con-
tribution to sustainable energy and his work and efforts will be continued by his colleagues at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. I invited my colleagues to join me in honoring 
the life of Dr. Richard Post. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 132ND ANNI-
VERSARY OF EBENEZER BAP-TIST CHURCH 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the 132nd anniversary of Ebe-nezer Baptist Church. 
Reverend Lewis Henry Bailey, a freed slave, 
founded Ebenezer Baptist Church. After being separated from his family in Alexandria, Vir-ginia, Lewis Henry Bailey was sold into slav-ery and spent all of his youth and early adult-hood as a slave in the state of Texas. Upon his return to Alexandria, Virginia, after obtain-ing his freedom, Lewis Henry Bailey was re-united with his mother, not far from where he was sold into slavery. Bailey found employ-ment with a railroad company and later grad-uated from Wayland College. In 1882, he was ordained as an itinerant minister at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Alexandria. With aspirations of sharing the Gospel with residents of the Town of Occoquan, Reverend Bailey walked to and from the town to hold religious services for the black members of the community. In appreciation of his tireless efforts, white mem-bers of the community provided land for a church and a place for Reverend Bailey to live. The Clerk of the Court for Prince William County approved the deed on March 8, 1883, and Ebenezer Baptist Church celebrates its anniversary on the first Sunday of March in recognition of this momentous occasion. 
Bailey started the New School in Occoquan, 
serving as a precursor to the establishment of the New School Baptist Church, which later became Ebenezer Baptist Church. The corner-stone of the church was laid on the first Sun-day in May 1883 and the building was dedi-cated in 1885. Reverend Bailey, who had long been the inspiration and driving force for the establishment of this church, led the con-gregation from 1885–1891. The church has endured setbacks and faced community chal-lenges during its 132 year history. After the original church structure burned to the ground in 1923, Ebenezer Baptist Church was rebuilt in 1924 where it remains today in the same historical site. Ebenezer Baptist Church lead-ership and its members have played key roles in both promoting civic justice and raising awareness throughout Prince William County. The church was instrumental in the integration of the county’s public schools in the 1960s. I was honored to include the oral histories of three members of Ebenezer Baptist Church in my recent Northern Virginia Civil Rights Ar-chive project. 
Throughout its history, Ebenezer Baptist 
Church has been led by pastors who have served the church and the congregation faith-fully. It is my honor to enter into the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD the names of the governing 
pastors of Ebenezer Baptist Church since its founding in 1883: Reverend Lewis Henry Bai-ley, Reverend Wesley Jackson, Reverend J. E. Peterson, Reverend Francis Eager Pree, Reverend Bush, Reverend Roots, Reverend 
Reuben Hall and Reverend J.E. Morris. Most recently, on June 23, 1990, Reverend Charles A. Lundy was called to the pulpit to lead the church. 
Under Reverend Lundy’s leadership, Ebe-
nezer Baptist Church has flourished. Due to significant membership growth from 120 to over 800 members in recent years, weekly worship at Ebenezer Baptist Church has been relocated to Telegraph Road to accommodate a growing church family. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in celebrating the 132nd anniversary of Ebenezer Baptist Church and in thanking the church and congregation for their contributions to our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 40TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF CAMBODIAN DAY OF REMEMBRANCE 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, as this April 
marks the 40th anniversary of the brutal Khmer Rouge regime’s rise to power in Cam-bodia, I join Cambodian Americans to com-memorate this tragedy in the community’s past. As we solemnly recognize this moment for many we can also look at the hopeful fu-ture that lies ahead for the Cambodian Amer-ican community. 
The Khmer Rouge regime seized power in 
Cambodia four decades ago on April 17, 1975 and began a four year long reign of terror and systematic genocide. Upwards of 3.4 million innocent men, women, and children lost their lives at mass grave sites now known as the Killing Fields. Thousands of refugees escaped these atrocities and were given sanctuary in the United States; many came to the state of Illinois. 
Thanks to the Cambodian Association of Illi-
nois and our strong Cambodian-American community here in the United States, we are aware of the Cambodian genocide and its devastating effects. Organizations such as the Cambodian American Heritage Museum and the Killing Field Memorial carry out the vital mission of ensuring that we do not forget the atrocities of this period. The Cambodian com-munity is committed to remembering and pay-ing tribute to those lost in the Killing Fields while enhancing the public’s awareness of these atrocities and healing the survivors and their families. 
As Illinois and other states recognize April 
17th as the Cambodian Day of Remembrance, I rise today to join my Cambodian American friends to commemorate the atrocities of the Killing Fields and to provide comfort and hope to the victims’ families. Let us take this mo-ment to recognize that group-targeted violence and bigotry still exist in nations across the world, and we cannot ignore its presence. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in solidarity with the Cambodian-American community in remembering those who were lost to the Khmer Rouge regime and in recog-nizing our hope for a more peaceful future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.018 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E504 April 15, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE POTTS-
VILLE ROTARY CLUB’S 100TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Rotary Club of Pottsville, which will celebrate its 100th anniversary this Friday, April 17, 2015. The club was chartered on May 1, 1915 as Club 157 in District 35, a 
district that included all of Pennsylvania, Mary-land, Delaware, New Jersey, and the District of Columbia. The founding 64 members were led by President O. L. Underwood, Treasurer J. E. Gregory, and Secretary J. H. Zerbey, Jr. The Reading Rotary Club, which was estab-lished the prior year, was the sponsor of Pottsville’s club. 
In the early days of the club, the meeting 
places ‘‘Rotated’’ around Pottsville. The venues the club frequented included the Allan Hotel, the Necho Allen, the Penn Hall, and other spots in downtown Pottsville. Meetings also took place in communities outside of Pottsville including Long Run (now Schuylkill Haven), Tamaqua, Pine Grove, Normal Square, Hamburg, Shartlesville, and other towns. 
The Rotary Club of Pottsville has supported 
the Rotary Foundation through the years and is proud to list 68 Paul Harris Fellows, each recognized for contributions to the Rotary Foundation. Since its founding, the Pottsville Rotary Club has supported Rotary Inter-national efforts to eradicate polio worldwide. In addition to helping fight Polio globally, the Pottsville Rotary Club has a history of helping locally. It was Pottsville Rotarians who orga-nized the Schuylkill County Crippled Children Association in Pottsville. They promoted and sponsored the Schuylkill Campus of the Penn-sylvania State University. They organized and sponsored the Rotary Little League, the Zerbey Rotary little league field, the Pottsville girls softball field in Forest Hills, and improve-ments at the Gordon Nagle little league and softball fields. The club also helped found the annual Charity Bowl all-star basketball games, which features boys and girls high school all- star teams. 
It is an honor to recognize the Rotary Club 
of Pottsville on its 100th Anniversary. I am certain that the organization will continue to work for the improvement of our community and will be a big part of Pottsville and Schuyl-kill County’s future. 
f 
ONE HUNDRED YEARS LATER, AR-
MENIAN GENOCIDE DENIERS PERSIST 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, 
genocide is the most terrible crime a people can undergo, or another people can commit. It must never be forgotten—to forget it would be to dull our consciences and diminish our own humanity. It must never be denied, but fully acknowledged—otherwise any meaningful at-tempt at reconciliation will be thwarted. Last weekend I was present as Brookdale 
College, the Center for Holocaust, Human Rights, and Genocide Education presented two exhibits and launched a book on the Ar-menian genocide. The exhibit A Journey to Life: Armenia teaches the history of the Arme-nian Genocide through the lives of local Arme-nian Genocide Survivors who settled in Mon-mouth County, while Illuminating Images: A Hundred Year Remembrance is an art exhibit created by middle school, high school and col-lege students from across the county and be-yond. The book released last weekend was Hundred-Year Commemoration of the Arme-nian Genocide: Celebrating the Lives of Arme-nian Genocide Survivors in Our Community, which features the personal histories of 54 Survivors who lived in Monmouth County. Ev-eryone who contributed to these exhibits and this book has performed a great service to New Jersey—not only to Armenian-Americans, but to everyone, including those who deny the genocide. They opened paths to the truth, and therefore to a better future. 
In September 2000 I chaired a hearing on 
the Armenian Genocide and co-sponsored leg-islation to finally put the United States on record officially acknowledging it. It was a four-hour hearing, the first hearing the House of Representatives ever held on the Armenian Genocide. The testimony I heard that day, and accounts of the atrocities I have read in the articles and books over the years have shocked me deeply. The resolution H. Res. 398—vigorously opposed by the Clinton Ad-ministration—never got a vote. 
But just as shocking then is what we still 
see today: a completely political and callous campaign to deny the Armenian genocide. 
In 1915, there were about 2 million Arme-
nians living in what was then the Ottoman Em-pire. They were living in a region that they in-habited for 2,500 years. By 1923, well over 90 percent of these Armenians had disappeared. Most of them, as many as 1.5 million, were dead. The remainder had been forced into exile. 
There is no lack of historical record. In fact, 
we only have to listen to the words of the US Ambassador to Turkey at the time, Henry Mor-genthau, who called it a ‘‘campaign of race ex-termination.’’ 
We only have to listen to the British, French, 
and Russian governments who said the Young Turks committed a ‘‘crime against humanity,’’ the first time in history that charge was ever made by one state against another. 
And we only have to listen to the govern-
ment of Turkey itself, which tried and con-victed a number of high-ranking Young Turk officials for their role in what the Turkish gov-ernment’s indictment called, ‘‘the massacre and destruction of the Armenians.’’ 
When the term genocide was invented in 
1944 to describe the systematic destruction of an entire people, its author Raphael Lemkin explained the term by saying it was ‘‘the sort of thing Hitler did to the Jews and the Turks did to the Armenians.’’ 
The campaign to deny this genocide—often 
driven by the Turkish government—is repul-sive. It is a slap in the face to Armenians ev-erywhere. It is this denial that keeps the Arme-nian genocide a burning issue and prevents much needed healing of old wounds. Arme-nians are unfortunately not alone in suffering the hurt and pain that stems from the denial of truth. The international community failed the victims of the Holocaust, China, the Soviet 
Union, Eastern Europe, Ethiopia, Rwanda, Bosnia, DRC, Darfur, Syria to name a few. 
That means that we here in the United 
States, and that means not only the Congress but also the President, have the responsibility to speak truthfully and to speak boldly about the past in order to secure our future. We must write and speak the truth so that genera-tions to come will not repeat the mistakes of the past. 
Only 20 nations around the world have rec-
ognized the Armenian Genocide. That in-cludes Canada as well as eleven EU countries including France, Germany Italy, Sweden, Bel-gium, the Netherlands, Lithuania, Poland, Slo-vakia, Greece and Cypress. Conspicuously absent from the list of nations that have offi-cially recognized the Armenian Genocide is the United States of America. 
When political leaders fail to lead or de-
nounce violence, the void is not only demor-alizing to the victims but silence actually en-ables the wrongdoing. Silence by elected offi-cials in particular conveys approval—or at least acquiescence—and can contribute to a climate of fear and a sense of vulnerability. 
History has taught us that silence is not an 
option. We must do more. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RECIPIENTS OF 
THE 2015 DALE CITY CIVIC ASSO-CIATION COMMUNITY AWARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the recipients of the 2015 Dale City Civic Association Community Awards. 
The Dale City Civic Association was found-
ed in 1967 to promote community initiatives. Today, the organization’s purpose is to rep-resent the interests of the residents of Dale City in a manner that benefits the entire com-munity. Members do this through revitalization and beautification projects, land use advocacy, and volunteer responses to community needs. 
The Association hosts an annual awards 
banquet to honor individuals and organizations that have shown exceptional devotion to the community and public service. It is my honor to submit the names of the recipients of the 2015 Dale City Civic Association Community Awards: 
Business of the Year Award: The Dental 
Spa, Dr. Marvette Thomas 
Catherine Spellane Citizen of the Year: An-
gela H. McConnell 
Dale City Volunteer Fire Department, Cadet 
of the Year: Austin Prinbanic 
Dale City Volunteer Fire Department, Emer-
gency Medical Service Provider of the Year: Nikia Griffiths 
Dale City Volunteer Fire Department, Fire-
fighter of the Year: Christopher Berry 
Dale City Volunteer Fire Department, Officer 
of the Year: Lieutenant Christopher Gardner Jr. 
Dale City Youth Environmental and Con-
servation Award: Khrissa Chun 
Ernestine S. Jenkins Lifetime Volunteer 
Achievement Award: Mary Louise Mawn 
John D. Jenkins Youth Citizen of the Year: 
John Thomas Fitzgerald 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.021 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E505 April 15, 2015 
Kathleen K. Seefeldt Community Service 
Award: Clarice J. Torian 
Kathy Feeney Nurse of the Year: Bridget 
Rasmussen Trotman 
Outstanding Youth Mentor and Advocate of 
Higher Education Award: Miranda ‘‘Randi’’ Manderson 
Prince William County Department of Fire 
and Rescue, Career Emergency Medical Serv-ice Provider of the Year: Technician II Robert Seitz 
Prince William County Department of Fire 
and Rescue, Career Firefighter of the Year: Captain Kim Stewart 
Prince William County Police Department, 
Police Officer of the Year: Officer Robert White Jr. 
Prince William County Public Schools, Ele-
mentary School Teacher of the Year: Katie Rivers 
Prince William County Public Schools, High 
School Teacher of the Year: Thomas P. Tutwiler 
Prince William County Public Schools, Mid-
dle School Teacher of the Year: Dawn Cajigas 
Prince William County Sheriff’s Office, Dep-
uty Sheriff of the Year: Deputy Sheila B. John-son 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in commending the winners of the 2015 Dale City Civic Association Community Awards for their dedication to building and maintaining a healthy community. Each recipi-ent has made a tangible imprint on Dale City, and, with these awards, we illustrate that their contributions have not gone unnoticed. 
f 
HONORING JUDGE JOHN WILCHIE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor Judge John Wilchie from Tallahatchie County, MS. 
Judge Wilchie was born in Glendora, Mis-
sissippi. Glendora is a small rural town in the Second Congressional District. The town is most notable for the Emmett Till Murder in 1955. Black history month is a month of rec-ognition of African Americans who have made some type of historical contribution, big or small, in this country. 
Judge Wilchie made black history in 1979 in 
Tallahatchie County when he was appointed as judge to finish the term of Judge JB Ray. The following year in 1980, however, he was elected as the first African-American Justice Court Judge in the county. He retired from the bench in 1984. Judge Wilchie received his education from Mississippi Valley State Uni-versity as well as the University of Mississippi Judicial College in 2004. He helped to start the Sharkey-Hampton Lake Volunteer Fire De-partment where he served as Fire Captain and Chief. Currently, Judge Wilchie serves as the Co-chairman of the Tallahatchie County Em-mett Till Memorial Commission, a member of the West Tallahatchie County P–16 Edu-cational Board and the Chairman of the Tallahatchie County Branch of the NAACP. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today in recognizing the historical contribution of Judge John Wilchie for being elected as the first African-American Justice Court Judge in Tallahatchie County, MS in the Second Con-
gressional District of Mississippi. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE WESTERN 
HEMISPHERE DRUG POLICY COM-MISSION ACT 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, today, I am 
pleased to introduce the Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission Act, a bill that will create an independent commission to evaluate U.S. policies aimed at reducing drug produc-tion and trafficking in the Western Hemi-sphere. A similar bill passed the House For-eign Affairs Committee unanimously last year and passed the House of Representatives unanimously on December 8, 2009. 
I thank my good friend and colleague Con-
gressman M
ATTSALMON , the Chairman of the 
Western Hemisphere Subcommittee, for being the lead Republican sponsor of this legislation. 
With $15.7 billion spent on counternarcotics 
programs in Latin America and the Caribbean between 1980 and 2012, it is important to take stock of what has worked, what has not worked and what future U.S. drug policy should look like. This independent commission will be required to submit recommendations on future U.S. drug policy to Congress, the Sec-retary of State and the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy 12 months after its first meeting. 
The time to examine U.S. drug policy is long 
overdue. While billions of U.S. taxpayer dollars have been spent over the years to fight the drug trade, illegal drug use in the United States remains high. In 2013, there were an estimated 24,573,000 illicit drug users in the United States. In particular, I am concerned by the dramatic increase in heroin use in our country. Attorney General Eric Holder has noted that heroin overdose deaths in the United States increased by an alarming 45 percent between 2006 and 2010. 
On the supply side, nearly all cocaine con-
sumed in the United States originates in South America while most of the heroin consumed 
here is from Colombia and Mexico. In addition, Central America and the Caribbean are key transit regions for drugs entering the United States. 
To tackle our nation’s horrific drug problem 
once and for all, we must have a better sense of what works and what does not work. Our partners in the Americas, who have worked closely with us in fighting drug trafficking for years, and the citizens of our great country, who deal every day with illegal drugs on their streets, deserve no less. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-
porting this legislation. 
f 
THE FIRST 100 DAYS OF 114TH 
CONGRESS 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, 
unleashing the full potential of America means fully investing in the American people. Unfortunately, the Republican plan for our 
country is to slash investments in education, transportation and manufacturing. 
Rather than help the middle class, the Re-
publican budget hurts ordinary Americans by giving a top 1% tax cut to the ultra-rich, which means the typical American family will end up paying more. 
In contrast, the Democratic plan for our 
country invests in the quintessential American propositions of a good education, better infra-structure, and bigger paychecks. 
For 100 Days, the majority party has en-
gaged in special interest giveaways and shut-down brinksmanship. 
Over the next 100 days, and every day after 
that, I will continue to stand—along with my fellow Democrats—for something else entirely: 
A nation defined—a nation driven—by full 
investment in the imagination and industry of each and every American family. 
I want to see Made in America, again. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PAULINE HUNTER 
ON THE OCCASION OF HER RE-TIREMENT 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize and commend Pauline Hunter of Woodbridge, Virginia, on the occasion of her retirement following 28 years of exemplary federal service. 
Ms. Hunter served the entirety of her career 
with the Department of Army as a civilian em-ployee. During her career, Ms. Hunter has served in various positions, including Commu-nity Relations Chief, Transition Services Man-ager, Family Services Coordinator, Excep-tional Family Member Program Coordinator, Mental Health Counselor and Education Coun-selor. In every position, she has excelled and used her expertise and professionalism to fur-ther the mission of the Department of Defense and our nation. 
Assignments as both a military wife and ci-
vilian federal employee have taken Ms. Hunter around the world with tours in Heidelberg, Ber-lin, Fort Drum, Fort Myer, Fort Belvoir, the Pentagon, and most recently, the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency, where she has served as Event Manager for the past two years. Ms. Hunter has been a great ally to my office during our frequent visits to Fort Belvoir as well as in providing assistance to my con-stituents who live or work at the garrison, and I thank her for her responsiveness and serv-ice. 
Ms. Hunter’s deep-rooted commitment to 
the Department of Defense and the assistance provided to service members and their families began in the classroom. She earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Social Work from Tuskegee (Institute) University and went on to pursue a Master’s of Science in Edu-cation from Fort Valley (State College) Univer-sity. 
Her passion for improving the lives of others 
is not restricted to efforts in the workplace. From serving as a volunteer tutor and board member with the Prince William Literacy Pro-gram to her devoted membership at First Mount Zion Baptist Church in Dumfries, Vir-ginia, Ms. Hunter’s tireless efforts have bene-fited her community. A native of Greenville, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15AP8.014 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E506 April 15, 2015 
Georgia, she has made Woodbridge her 
home, and both Prince William County and the 11th District of Virginia have benefited greatly from her many contributions. 
Although Ms. Hunter has expressed interest 
in spending more time with her family, I en-courage her to remain civically involved in Prince William County as her resolve and dedication are inspirational to all who have had the privilege of knowing her. 
While her professional successes cannot be 
denied, the most important roles in Ms. Hunt-er’s life have been as mother to Jennifer Hun-ter-Marshall and as Army wife of 42 years to Colonel (Retired) Cardell S. Hunter. I thank them for their support and sacrifices that have allowed Ms. Hunter to serve her country and her community. 
I ask that my colleagues join me in con-
gratulating Ms. Pauline Hunter and in express-ing our appreciation for her years of dedication as a federal civil servant and community vol-unteer. I wish her continued success and a healthy and happy retirement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 20TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE AVIATION MU-SEUM OF KENTUCKY 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to com-
memorate the twentieth anniversary of the es-tablishment of the Aviation Museum of Ken-tucky. 
In 1978, a group of dedicated aviation en-
thusiasts founded the Kentucky Aviation Roundtable in Lexington, Kentucky, with the mission of preserving the legacy of the avia-tion and aerospace industries in the Common-wealth. 
Through dedication, persistence, and the 
support of several generous benefactors, the Roundtable achieved its goal with the opening of the Aviation Museum of Kentucky, on the grounds of Blue Grass Airport in Lexington, on April 15, 1995. Today, the Museum is an edu-cational resource for central Kentucky: hosting exhibits, lectures, and events related to avia-tion and aerospace history, design, and engi-neering. 
The Museum’s grand opening ceremony 
doubled as a reunion for survivors of the Doo-little Raid, honoring the airmen’s sacrifices on April 18, 1942 as the first mission to strike the Japanese homeland following the attacks on Pearl Harbor. 
Since that inaugural event, the Museum has 
continued to recognize men and women in the Commonwealth for their outstanding achieve-ments in the fields of aviation and aerospace, establishing the Kentucky Aviation Hall of Fame in 1996. 
The Museum looks not only to the past, but 
also to the future, inculcating a love of flying and engineering in Kentucky’s youth by hosting Aviation Summer Camps throughout the Bluegrass. These programs have bene-fitted 5,360 young Kentuckians, encouraging them to pursue careers in aerospace indus-tries. 
Today, Kentucky’s top export category is 
aerospace and the Commonwealth’s univer-sities are becoming leaders in the fields of manned and unmanned flight systems. The 
Aviation Museum of Kentucky helped foster this flourishing industry in our state and will continue to inspire future generations of aero-space workers in the Bluegrass. 
As the Representative for the Sixth District 
of the Kentucky, I ask my colleagues in the House to join me in celebrating the twentieth anniversary of the Aviation Museum of Ken-tucky. Furthermore, I encourage my fellow Kentuckians to visit and take pride in this insti-tution and its preservation of the aviation and aerospace heritage of the Commonwealth. 
f 
HONORING GAIL WRIGHT LOWERY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor Mrs. Gail Wright Low-ery, who was born in Hinds County, Jackson, Mississippi at Jackson State College’s Clinic. She is the third child, and only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Willie (Annie) Wright. Mrs. Lowery was reared on Nashville Street. 
As valedictorian of her kindergarten class 
learning seemed always within easy reach. Early piano lessons taught by Mrs. Fannie Smith who lived on Randolph Street, caused Mrs. Lowery to have a love for music. She at-tended school at Morrison, and G. N. Smith Elementary. At Chastain, and Powell Jr. High she played the clarinet, and participated in the marching band. 
High school years at Murrah kept her busy 
participating in many school activities such as the Blue Jackets, the pep squad at Murrah, where she served as captain. She entered her senior year ranked in the top 1% of her 1975 class and received the distinct honor of Who’s Who at Murrah High. 
Upon entering Jackson State University she 
served on the Mayor’s Youth Council and was elected Miss Pre Law Club. With a full schol-arship, she graduated in three years Magna Cum Laude, and pressed on to her goal of be-coming an attorney. 
In August of 1978, at the age of 20, Mrs. 
Lowery entered law school at Northwestern School of Law in Chicago, Illinois. While there she was active in and was elected as Chair-man of Recruitment for the Black Law Stu-dent’s Association. She was awarded the Doc-torate of Jurisprudence in May of 1981, and successfully passed the Bar Examination that same year. Her legal career began at Central Mississippi Legal Services. After Legal Serv-ices, she worked for the Attorney General’s Office, becoming the first black person to be-come Head of the Civil Litigation Division. In 1993 Mrs. Lowery started her own business as a practicing attorney with Lowery Law Firm. 
Mrs. Lowery joined the Cade Chapel M. B. 
Church when she was eight years old and has maintained her membership there to the present. She has participated on the Usher Board, the Choir, the Trustee Board, Sunday school, and the Missionary Society. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Mrs. Gail Wright Lowery for giv-ing back to the community in which she was born and reared. IN RECOGNITION OF PHYLLIS 
MUNDY FOR HER OUTSTANDING SERVICE IN THE PENNSYLVANIA GENERAL ASSEMBLY 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor former Pennsylvania State Representative Phyllis Mundy. First elected in 1990, Phyllis served 12 consecutive terms as the representative for Pennsylvania’s 120th District. Throughout her 24-year service in the General Assembly, Phyllis built a reputation as a champion of environmental protection and early childhood education. 
While in Harrisburg, Phyllis was a legislative 
leader with signature policies that expanded care for senior citizens, improved the rights of foster children, provided stronger home visita-tion services for low-income expectant moth-ers, boosted pre-K education, cut property taxes, and expanded prescription drug cov-erage for seniors. As a Representative, Phyllis was beloved in northeastern Pennsylvania be-cause of her highly responsive constituent services and her frequent attendance at public events important to local residents. 
Before her career in the state house, Phyllis 
worked as a French teacher and a manager for Injection Molding Corp., a multi-million dol-lar manufacturing company. She served as president of the Wilkes-Barre chapter of the League of Women Voters, a Luzerne County Property Tax Reform Commissioner, and was 
active in the Junior League during the late 1980s. A 1970 graduate of Bloomsburg Uni-versity, Phyllis earned two degrees—in sec-ondary education and French. 
Although Phyllis has retired from elected of-
fice, she remains active in promoting the wel-fare of her community. She currently serves on the boards of Maternal and Family Health Services, Luzerne County Head Start, the Area Agency on Aging, and the United Way’s Success by Six, and she was also elected to the Vestry of St. Stephen’s Episcopal Church. 
It is an honor to recognize Phyllis Mundy 
and her exceptional work on behalf of Penn-sylvania. The inspirational legacy she has left is a model for all who are interested in public service. I thank her for inspiring me, and I wish her the best in retirement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2015 
VOLUNTEER FAIRFAX HONOREES 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
honor to recognize Volunteer Fairfax and ex-press my sincere appreciation to recipients of the 23rd Annual Fairfax County Volunteer Service Awards. 
Established more than 40 years ago, Volun-
teer Fairfax matches the skills and interests of thousands of volunteers with the needs of local non-profit organizations. The success of this model and its impact on delivery of need-ed services is beyond question; Volunteer Fairfax has been rated as one of the most ef-fective community service organizations in the nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15AP8.015 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E507 April 15, 2015 
In 2013 alone, more than 26,000 individuals 
volunteered directly through Volunteer Fairfax; an additional 2,700 employees from 12 cor-porations supported 29 local agencies. More than 1,000 non-profit and charitable organiza-tions were served by Volunteer Fairfax, and the value of volunteer services provided ex-ceeded $1.3 million. 
Each year from this group of extraordinary 
‘‘Doers Who Do,’’ Volunteer Fairfax selects a few exceptional individuals, groups, or organi-zations to be honored. It is my great pleasure to submit the following names of the 2015 Fairfax County Volunteer Service Awards hon-orees: 
Community Champions: Braddock District: Joanne Elder Dranesville District: Steven Bloom Hunter Mill District: Sahana Arkalgud Lee District: Dixie Wright Mason District: Winnie Lebo Mount Vernon District: Shirley Short Providence District: Ken Quincy Springfield District: Stephen Beck Sully District: Reverend Doctor Eugene 
Johnson 
At-Large: Philip Church Adult Volunteer 250 Hours & Over: Michelle 
Bond 
Adult Volunteer 250 Hours & Under: Mike 
Harrison 
Adult Volunteer Group: Library Friends 
Groups of Fairfax County Public Library 
Corporate Volunteer Program: CACI Cares Fairfax County Volunteer: David Kline Fairfax County Volunteer Program: Fairfax 
County Animal Shelter 
Family Volunteer: Colonel Edward and Mrs. 
Kimberly Bellem 
Lifetime Achievement: Peggy Ferguson Rising Star: Roberta Bucher Senior Volunteer: Lawrence Kelly Volunteer Program: Marketplace Volunteer 
Program 
Youth Volunteer: Carolina Sosa Youth Volunteer Group: Boy Scouts of 
America Troop 55 
Integrate Individual: Pedro Velasco de Paz RSVP Northern Virginia: Elizabeth Pokorny In addition, Benchmark Honors will be 
awarded in four different categories to com-mend those who have contributed 100, 250, 500, or 1,000 hours of volunteer time to our community. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in commending Volunteer Fairfax for its decades of outstanding community service, as well as in congratulating the 2015 Service Award honorees and the thousands of other local volunteers for their incredible contribu-tions to our community. Their selfless dedica-tion is worthy of our highest praise and is one reason that our community is often ranked as one of the best places in the country to live, work, and raise a family. 
f 
HONORING THE MARINE RAIDERS 
OF MARINE SPECIAL OPER-ATIONS COMMAND 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, today, I stand 
and recognize the Marine Raiders of Marine Special Operations Team (MSOT) 8231, 2nd 
Marine Special Operations Battalion, Marine Special Operations Command who lost their lives during a training exercise on March 10, 2015. These young men represent the finest our nation has to offer, and we are forever in-debted to them for their service. 
On the morning of March 10, an Army Na-
tional Guard-operated UH–60 Black Hawk hel-icopter embarked on a training exercise off the coast of the Florida Panhandle carrying seven members of MSOT 8231 and four members of the Louisiana National Guard, who were oper-ating the helicopter. As part of a rigorous pre- deployment exercise, the Raiders were prac-ticing special operations insertion techniques with two UH–60 aircraft. Sadly, it was on their training mission that the Marines and Guards-men in one helicopter lost their lives. 
As a unit with great distinction throughout 
the War in Afghanistan, MSOT 8231 first de-ployed in 2010 under Special Operations Task Force-West, operating from the City of Herat. While in Herat, MSOT 8231 primarily con-ducted Counter-Insurgency (COIN), Foreign Internal Defense (FID) and Direct Action (DA) activities within the Murghab District of the Badghis Province. After redeployment and re-constitution, MSOT 8231 deployed again in 2012 to Bala Murghab, in the Murghab Dis-trict, where it built upon tactical and oper-ational gains it and other MSOT’s achieved on previous rotations. 
MSOT 8231 continued building their Afghan 
partner’s capacity, promoting good govern-ance, and countering the insurgent initiatives in this highly remote and austere geographic slice of Afghanistan. During the 2012 deploy-ment, MSOT 8231 was tasked with perma-nently closing their base and retrograding years’ worth of hardware for consolidation at a larger base hundreds of miles south in Herat. Without a single paved road in the entire Badghis Province, this proved a difficult task. Nevertheless, MSOT 8231 completed the job and left Bala Murghab in the hands of the Af-ghan National Army, Police, and government. 
After returning home, rebuilding and adding 
new personnel to MSOT 8231, the team again deployed in 2013 to western Afghanistan. Their most recent return to Afghanistan saw a change in tasks from previous deployments as they partnered with the highly regarded Af-ghan Commandos to conduct offensive activi-ties against the Taliban. While the mission changed, their resolve did not, as consistent enemy combat persisted until the very end of their deployment. Even still, MSOT 8231 con-tinued efforts to enhance their partners’ capac-ity to operate effectively on their own. MSOT 8231 departed Afghanistan in June 2014; however, their focus never left the region. 
Prior to any deployment, teams work to-
gether to hone and develop their skills, and when combat operations commence, the months of training leading up to deployment are finally put to test. For MSOT 8231, this meant building on the strong relationship es-tablished during previous deployments with the 1–244th Assault Helicopter Battalion, based in Hammond, Louisiana. On March 10, two Army National Guard UH–60 Black Hawks participated in a routine training mission; how-ever, the mission turned out to be anything but routine, as only one Black Hawk returned. 
On that day, our nation lost seven Marine 
Raiders. Not only did they accept the chal-lenge of becoming the best that the Marine Corps has to offer, these Marine Raiders did 
so during a time of war. Along the way, the Marine Raiders of MSOT 8231 received such awards as the Silver Star Medal for Gallantry and Bronze Star Medals for valor, and all had Valor awards from their time fighting on com-bat deployments. 
To the families, friends, and loved ones of 
Captain Stanford Shaw III, Master Sergeant Thomas Saunders, Staff Sergeant Marcus Bawol, Staff Sergeant Trevor Blaylock, Staff Sergeant Liam Flynn, Staff Sergeant Kerry Kemp, Staff Sergeant Andrew Seif, Chief War-rant Officer George Wayne Griffin, Chief War-rant Officer George David Strother, Staff Ser-geant Lance Bergeron, and Staff Sergeant Thomas Florich, please know that we are a grateful nation. On countless training exer-cises, your brave warriors risked their lives to ensure the tip of the spear always remained sharp and ready for battle. And while the Ma-rine Raider community lost these warriors, their service and sacrifice will never be forgot-ten. Never above you, never below you, al-ways beside you. Semper Fi. 
f 
HONORING THE YAZOO FAIR & 
CIVIC LEAGUE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a group of innovators who have shown what can be done through hard work, dedication and a desire to serve their community, the Yazoo Fair & Civic League. The Yazoo Fair & Civic League has served the Yazoo County community and the State of Mississippi through social and civic engagement. 
The Yazoo Fair & Civic League’s history 
date back to 1932; when R.J. Pierce and T.J. Huddleston decided to establish a county fair for black residents to enjoy. D.W. Lindsey as-sisted in sponsoring the first fair in October 1932. Three years later, Gov. Martin Conner signed the charter for the Yazoo Negro Fair Association. The group purchased land on Calhoun Avenue where an exhibit building was constructed. 
During the early 60s, H.A. Scott was elected 
president, and H.C. Fouche was chosen as vice president. As president Scott faced sev-eral challenges. The biggest challenge was fi-nances. The association was $67,500 in debt. In order to resolve the debt the property facing Calhoun Avenue and a plot west of Lamar Av-enue was sold along with the exhibit building. 
After these challenges were met the asso-
ciation had the vision for a community center. Also during this time the Yazoo Negro Fair As-sociation became the Yazoo Fair and Civic League. Federal funding was used to con-struct the L.T. Miller Community Center which was completed in 1971. The large tract of un-used space around the center was used to construct 48 apartments for elderly and dis-abled residents with a grant for over $1.5 mil-lion from HUD. The Lintonia Apartments opened in May of 1986. During the 1990s the association built H.A. Scott Apartments with about 80 units creating a very healthy tax base to the Yazoo area. Currently, the asso-ciation has a 60 unit apartment complex in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15AP8.016 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E508 April 15, 2015 
Jackson, MS, 40 in Meridian and 30 in Clarks-
dale. 
The Yazoo Fair and Civic League began as 
an effort to provide black Yazooans with a public place to hold community events during a time when they had nowhere else to go. Today, the Yazoo Fair & Civic League con-tinues to provide a public facility for all of the community to enjoy, and the organization has expanded its mission to provide affordable housing to many residents. The association also manages the historic Oakes African American Cultural Center, which was home to the legendary Oakes Family in Yazoo City for over a century. A.J. Oakes, III deeded the home to the Yazoo Fair & Civic League in 1990, and the home has become a museum highlighting and celebrating local black history. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing the Yazoo Fair & Civic League for its dedication to serving others and giving back to the community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today regarding a missed vote due to a funeral on Tuesday, April 14, 2015. Had I been present for roll call vote number 149, H. Res. 189, the combined rule providing for con-sideration of H.R. 650—Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act and H.R. 685— Mortgage Choice Act, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
CELEBRATING THE GRAND OPEN-
ING OF THE PADRE DAM AD-VANCED WATER PURIFICATION DEMONSTRATION PILOT PLANT 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize an exciting event that took place in my district this past week on April 10, 2015, by the Padre Dam Municipal Water District. The Grand Opening of the Padre Dam Ad-vanced Water Purification Demonstration Pilot Plant in Santee, California is an important and critical step in the overall effort by San Diego County to become more water independent as a region and maintain the very best in our water management practices. 
We all know that California is currently in 
the midst of a severe multi-year drought, but ensuring our communities can rely on being provided with clean and healthy water has been the mission of Padre Dam for many dec-ades. In fact, on this same day in 1962, found-ing General Manager of Padre Dam Ray Stoyer wrote to President Kennedy compli-menting him on his commitment to the science of water management innovation and request-ing his assistance in a groundbreaking water reclamation study and project at Padre Dam. President Kennedy supported the District’s reclamation efforts and today the appropriately named Ray Stoyer Water Recycling Facility treats and recycles more than two million gal-
lons of water per day. Over the years, these efforts have been recognized by the California Water Environment Association, which award-ed this facility its ‘‘California Plant of the Year’’ designation in 2005, as well as naming it ‘‘San Diego Plant of the Year’’ multiple times in 1977, 1978, 1981, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2007, and 2010. 
I am pleased to see that this proud tradition 
is being carried on with Padre Dam’s most re-cent effort in its Advanced Water Purification Demonstration Pilot Plant. Funded through a $3 million state grant, this innovative project will test the feasibility of creating a new source of approximately 2,000 to 3,000 acre feet of purified water for East San Diego County. If successful, this project has the potential to provide up to 20% of our current drinking water demand via a locally-controlled, inde-pendent, drought-proof and environmentally sound water supply, thereby reducing our de-pendency on outside sources of imported water. 
California’s current drought conditions, cou-
pled with San Diego’s historical reliance on imported water, mandate that we pursue every alternative that will lead to the San Diego re-gion expanding its resource portfolio and uti-lize an ‘‘all the above’’ approach to water man-agement. This includes traditional efforts such as conservation and reservoir and aquifer stor-age, as well as taking advantage of new tech-nologies and science in the areas of desalina-tion and reclamation projects like the one de-veloped by Padre Dam which we are today recognizing. 
My colleagues, I ask that you join me in 
congratulating Padre Dam Municipal Water District for its forward-thinking vision and will-ingness to pursue new ideas on an old, but important, problem. Everyone at the District, from leadership to all members of staff, is making a direct positive impact in our commu-nity and I am confident that your investment will prove to be valuable in helping us reach both our short and long-term water manage-ment goals. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE CRUDE-BY-RAIL 
SAFETY ACT 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to introduce legislation to increase the safety of transporting crude oil by rail. Explosive growth in crude-by-rail transport in recent months has led to increased rail traffic and an unprecedented rise in rail accidents—some-times with fatal results. This issue has affected communities across the nation and cemented the need to increase safety standards and ac-countability. Four derailments in the US and Canada in under a month earlier this year un-derscored the urgency of action to curb the risks of transporting volatile crude oil. 
The Crude-By-Rail Safety Act addresses a 
number of shortcomings in our approach to transporting volatile crude oil near and through many American towns and cities. It includes provisions to lower oil volatility, prohibits use of unsafe DOT–111 tank cars, strengthens tank car standards, improves oil spill response readiness, and increases fines for violating 
volatility standards and hazmat transport standards. It also requires disclosure of train movements through communities as well as the implementation of a confidential close-call reporting system to further increase the safety of transporting crude oil by rail. 
Last summer, a derailment in my district in 
Seattle exposed the vulnerabilities in our cur-rent standards, and how easily we risk expos-ing our communities to danger from oily spills or fiery explosions. We risk too much—our urban centers, our clean waterways, our nat-ural environment, our robust transportation network, our pocketbooks—in sitting back and waiting for an accident to wreak havoc on our communities. We must continue to fight for stronger standards and accountability, and this bill offers a comprehensive approach toward tackling this urgent threat. I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation. Thank you. 
f 
HONORING THE DOOLITTLE 
RAIDERS 
HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, following the De-
cember 7, 1941, attack of the U.S. Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor on Oahu, President Roo-sevelt sought and received from Congress au-thorization to declare war on Japan. In Janu-ary 1942, Lieutenant Colonel James H. ‘‘Jimmy’’ Doolittle was selected to lead a top- secret retaliation attack on Japan. With just three weeks of special ‘‘short field takeoff’’ training, Doolittle’s men set sail toward Japan aboard the USS Hornet . 
On April 18, 1942, the Hornet was sighted 
by a Japanese ship and the Doolittle Raiders, as they would come to be known, set off on their mission—twelve hours early and some 150 miles from their planned launch position. Within one hour, these 80 volunteers, aboard 16 B–25 bombers, took off in the first U.S. air raid on Japan in World War II. The air raid re-sulted in the bombing of multiple military and industrial targets in Tokyo and other Japanese cities. Their mission a success, the crews headed for their rendezvous point in China. 
Flying on fumes and facing poor weather, 
one plane diverted to Russia, and the fifteen others were forced to crash land. With the aid of Chinese civilians, most of these brave men reached safety, but not all of our famous flyers made it home. Three of the raiders were killed in action; and, of the eight that were captured, three were executed and one died in captivity. Their sacrifice and the success of this mission served as an essential boost to American mo-rale, and the exploits of the Doolittle Raiders marked a critical turning point in the war in the Pacific. 
Following their daring drama over Japan, 
the Doolittle Raiders spread out across the na-tion and globe. Some continued in the military, enjoying long careers into retirement. Others gave their lives in later service to their country, while still others rejoined civilian life as doc-tors, teachers, businessmen—serving their communities in every capacity. 
Earlier this year, we lost two of the surviving 
Raiders, LTC Edward Saylor, and LTC Robert Hite. LTC Hite was one of the brave souls 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15AP8.029 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E509 April 15, 2015 
who escaped Japanese captivity, and he also 
was a resident of my home state of Arkansas. Now, from the band of 80 young flyers 73 Aprils ago, only two living Raiders remain: Staff Sergeant David Thatcher and LTC Rich-ard Cole. Retired LTC Cole served as copilot to LTC Doolittle aboard aircraft number one, and he, along with the other Raiders, was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross. Re-tired Staff Sergeant David J. Thatcher served as the engineer-gunner to crew number seven, whose plane the ‘‘Ruptured Duck,’’ crashed just off the shores of the Chinese mainland. Sergeant Thatcher was awarded the Silver Star in 1942 for his bravery in caring for his injured crew members. 
Earlier today, Congress conferred the Con-
gressional Gold Medal on the Doolittle Raiders for their undeniable valor and sacrifice. These airmen and their extraordinary ‘‘30 Seconds over Tokyo’’ will never be forgotten. I am hum-bled to rise today to recognize these ordinary Americans that stepped up to attempt an ex-ceptional mission. Col. Doolittle and his Raid-
ers will fly forever in our hearts and minds as the best of American values of Duty, Honor, and Country. May God bless their memory and example to us all. 
f 
HONORING REVEREND HENRY 
HOLLEY’S LIFETIME OF SERVICE 
HON. TOM PRICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
today I would like to speak in honor of a good friend, a committed patriot, and a great man of faith, Reverend Henry Holley. His remarkable lifetime of service is testament that putting your values to work can lead to real and de-monstrable achievements in improving the lives of your fellow man. His tireless efforts to spread the word of God through the Billy Gra-ham Evangelistic Association is worthy of our praise and deserving of our thanks. 
Following his tour in the Pacific during 
World War II, Reverend Holley continued his service in the United States Marine Corps until 1966. Thereafter, he joined in common pur-pose with Reverend Graham. In due course, he was ordained into the Gospel ministry at Johnson Ferry Baptist Church, located in Mari-etta. 
His ministry with Reverend Graham has 
sent him around the world, from Taipei to Hong Kong, from Manila to Tokyo. Notably, Reverend Holley organized the Korean 1973 Crusade in Seoul. On the last day of the Cru-sade, there were over 3.2 million people present to hear Reverend Graham in person. 
Reverend Holley and his devoted wife Bettie 
have made their home in Marietta, Georgia for the past 44 years. They are blessed to have three children, four grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, in 2005, I had the real honor 
of introducing Reverend Holley before his opening prayer on the floor of this House. Now, I have the privilege of offering thanks, on behalf of all Americans, for his life’s efforts. For today, in North Carolina, Reverend Holley is celebrating his well-deserved retirement. Reverend Holley has truly earned a reputation as living out the Gospel, not only in Georgia, but around the world. IN RECOGNITION OF CHIEF MAS-
TER SERGEANT DAVID A. WELLS 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this 
opportunity to recognize Chief Master Ser-geant David A. Wells of Springfield, Massa-chusetts on the occasion his retirement from the United States Air Force Reserve. For the past 31 years, Chief Wells has proudly served his country with distinction and I am privileged to thank him on behalf of a grateful nation. 
Chief Wells was raised and still resides in 
my hometown of Springfield. He graduated from the High School of Commerce in 1984 and entered the U.S. Army Infantry School at Fort Benning, GA shortly thereafter. During his time with the 187th Infantry Brigade out of Fort Devens, Massachusetts, he was deployed to various locations abroad including Iceland and Canada. By 1987, he had quickly moved through the ranks to become a Staff Sergeant. 
In 1994, Chief Wells was transferred to the 
Air Force Reserve after the 187th Infantry Bri-gade was disbanded. He was first assigned to the 439th Engineering Squadron at Westover Air Reserve Base, only a few miles from his home in Springfield. Throughout his 11 years at Westover, he served in many roles as part of the Fire and Emergency Services Flight. In 2005, Chief Wells was assigned to the 22nd Air Force at Dobbins Air Reserve Base in Marietta, Georgia to become the Fire Emer-gency Deputy Fire Chief. In this position, he was charged with maintaining combat readi-ness for all Numbered Air Force Prime Base Engineer Emergency Force (BEEF) Fire Emer-gency units. 
Chief Wells has also been deployed over-
seas to with U.S. operations in the Middle East. In 2002, he was deployed to Kuwait as part of Operation Southern Watch and then again in 2008 to Kirkuk, Iraq as part of Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom. Chief Wells has been awarded numerous times for exemplary serv-ice over his career, including the Air Force Meritorious Service Medal, Air Force Com-mendation Medal, and the Army Commenda-tion Medal. 
While he may be retiring from the Air Force, 
Chief Wells will continue to serve his commu-nity as a captain in the Springfield Fire Depart-ment, as he has done for the past 26 years. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chief Master Sergeant Wells for his dedication to this coun-try and I wish him all the best in his future en-deavors. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
April 16, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 20 
3 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the 2020 
Census, focusing on challenges facing the bureau for a modern, cost-effective survey. 
SD–342 
APRIL 21 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Peter Levine, of Maryland, to be Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. 
SH–216 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine opportuni-
ties and challenges for agriculture trade with Cuba. 
SR–328A 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine surface 
transportation reauthorization, focus-ing on building on the success of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21) to deliver safe, efficient and effective public transpor-tation services and projects. 
SD–538 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Communications, Tech-
nology, Innovation, and the Internet 
To hold hearings to examine advancing 
telehealth through connectivity. 
SR–253 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on State Department and 
USAID Management, International Op-erations, and Bilateral International Development 
To hold hearings to examine improving 
the efficiency and effectiveness of the Department of State. 
SD–419 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine improving 
accountability and oversight of juve-nile justice grants. 
SD–226 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and 
Capabilities 
To hold hearings to examine Department 
of Defense policy and programs to counter threats to the United States from terrorism and irregular warfare. 
SR–222 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, 
Safety, and Security 
To hold hearings to examine Federal 
Aviation Administration reauthoriza-tion, focusing on certification and U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15AP8.020 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E510 April 15, 2015 
aviation manufacturing competitive-
ness. 
SR–253 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine fulfilling 
the promise to women veterans. 
SR–418 
APRIL 22 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Vanessa Lorraine Allen Suther-land, of Virginia, to be a Member and Chairperson of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board. 
SD–406 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing 
and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Transportation. 
SD–138 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine how to bet-
ter communicate weather to enhance commerce and safety. 
SR–253 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine reauthoriza-
tion of and potential reforms to the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
SD–366 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine securing the 
border, focusing on understanding threats and strategies for the northern border. 
SD–342 10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for defense innovation and research. 
SD–192 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Home-
land Security 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). 
SD–138 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
To hold hearings to examine reform of 
the defense acquisition system in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SR–232A 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine Air Force 
and Navy nuclear programs and the im-plementation of nuclear enterprise re-view recommendations in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fis-cal year 2016 and the Future Years De-fense Program. 
SR–222 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing on tribal 
transportation, focusing on pathways to safer roads in Indian country. 
SD–628 
APRIL 23 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations 
Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of 
Health and Human Services. 
SD–124 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, 
Safety, and Security 
To hold hearings to examine Federal 
Aviation Administration reauthoriza-tion, focusing on airport issues and in-frastructure financing. 
SR–253 
Committee on Finance Subcommittee on Health Care 
To hold hearings to examine the impact 
of the medical device tax on jobs, inno-vation, and patients. 
SD–215 
APRIL 28 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Admin-
istration’s Quadrennial Energy Review. 
SD–366 
APRIL 30 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 703, to re-
authorize the weatherization and State energy programs, S. 720, to promote en-ergy savings in residential buildings and industry, and S. 858, to amend the National Energy Conservation Policy Act to encourage the increased use of performance contracting in Federal fa-cilities. 
SD–366 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, 
and Mining 
To hold hearings to examine the Bureau 
of Land Management’s final rule on hy-draulic fracturing. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M15AP8.000 E15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D391 Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2185–S2226 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-eight bills were in-
troduced, as follows: S. 940–967.              Pages S2220–21 
Measures Reported: 
Report to accompany S. 754, to improve cyberse-
curity in the United States through enhanced shar-ing of information about cybersecurity threats. (S. Rept. No. 114–32)
                                                   Page S2220 
House Messages: 
Budget Resolution—Motions to Instruct Con-
ferees: Senate began consideration of the message 
from the House of Representatives to accompany S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, taking ac-tion on the following motion and motions to in-struct conferees proposed thereto: 
                                       Pages S2193–99, S2199–S2201, S2202–12 
Adopted: 
By 54 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 145) Motion to 
disagree in the amendment of the House to the con-current resolution, agree to the request by the House for a conference, and authorize the Presiding Officer to appoint conferees.
                                        Pages S2193–98 
By 86 yeas to 11 nays (Vote No. 146), Brown 
Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that the final conference report include the deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to ending ‘‘Too Big to Fail’’ bailouts for Wall Street mega-banks with over $500,000,000,000 in total assets, as set forth in amendment 994 to S. Con. Res. 11 (as agreed to by the Senate).
                                        Pages S2200–01, S2202–08 
By 85 yeas to 11 nays (Vote No. 147), Sanders 
Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that the final conference report include the provision in the con-current resolution as agreed to by the Senate that provides for the establishment of a deficit-neutral re-serve fund related to strengthening the United States Postal Service by establishing a moratorium to pro-tect mail processing plants, reinstating overnight de-livery standards, protecting rural service, allowing the Postal Service to innovate and adapt to compete 
in a digital age, or improving the financial condition 
of the Postal Service.
                                        Pages S2202–08 
By a unanimous vote of 97 yeas (Vote No. 148), 
Enzi (for Burr) Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that the final conference report include a provision relating to addressing student loan debt, which may include reducing overlapping student loan repayment programs and creating a simplified income-driven student loan repayment option, as included in sec-tion 358 of S. Con. Res. 11, as agreed to by the Sen-ate.
                                                                            Pages S2203–09 
By 84 yeas to 13 nays (Vote No. 150), Sanders 
Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that the final conference report include a deficit-neutral reserve fund for legislation related to retirement benefits, which may not include legislation cutting benefits under the old-age, survivors, and disability insurance program established under title II of the Social Secu-rity Act, increasing the retirement age, or privatizing the old-age, survivors, and disability in-surance program.
                      Pages S2199–S2201, S2202–10 
Schatz Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that 
the final conference report include the deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to ensuring all legally married same-sex spouses have equal access to the Social Se-curity and veterans’ benefits they have earned and re-ceive equal treatment under the law pursuant to the Constitution of the United States in the concurrent resolution as agreed to by the Senate. 
                                                                Pages S2200–01, S2202–10 
Bennet Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that 
the final conference report include provisions in the concurrent resolution as agreed to by the Senate for the establishment of deficit-neutral reserve funds re-lating to climate change.
                               Pages S2204–10 
By 57 yeas to 40 nays (Vote No. 151), Fischer 
Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that the final conference report include a provision relating to pro-moting equal pay, which may include preventing discrimination on the basis of sex and preventing re-taliation against employees for seeking or discussing wage information, as included in section 356 of S. Con. Res. 11, as agreed to by the Senate. 
                                                                                    Pages S2207–10 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15AP5.REC D15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D392 April 15, 2015 
Fischer Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that 
the final conference report include a provision relat-ing to a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to tax credits for employers providing paid family and medical leave.
                                                      Pages S2207–11 
Sanders (for Murray) Motion to Instruct Conferees 
to insist that the final conference report include the deficit-neutral reserve fund for legislation to allow Americans to earn paid sick time in the concurrent resolution as agreed to by the Senate.
     Pages S2205–11 
Rejected: 
By 45 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 149), Warren 
Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that the final conference report include a provision to make college more affordable for middle-class families by allowing borrowers with outstanding Federal and private stu-dent loans to refinance at the equivalent interest rates that were offered to Federal student loan bor-rowers during the 2013–2014 school year and to fully offset the cost of such a program by requiring millionaires to pay at least a 30 percent effective 
Federal tax rate.
                                                  Pages S2201–09 
By 44 yeas to 53 nays (Vote No. 152), Mikulski 
Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that the final conference report include a provision relating to amending the Equal Pay Act of 1963 to allow for punitive damages, limit the any factor ‘‘other than sex’’ exception, and prohibit retaliation against em-ployees who share salary information, as included in amendment 362 to S. Con. Res. 11 (as not agreed to by the Senate).
                                               Pages S2204–11 
Sanders (for Murray) Motion to Instruct Conferees 
to insist that the final conference report include a provision to build on the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 and provide sequester relief in 2016 and 2017 by closing tax loopholes.
                                Pages S2205–11 
By 45 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 153), Stabenow 
Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that the final conference report not include the Medicare cuts in the concurrent resolution as agreed to by the Senate, which would substantially increase out-of-pocket healthcare expenses for senior citizens, and not in-clude the Medicare cuts in the concurrent resolution as agreed to by the House of Representatives, which would end Medicare as it currently exists by turning it into a voucher-based premium support system and eliminate the guaranteed healthcare benefits earned by the people of the United States.
         Pages S2206–12 
The Chair was authorized to appoint the following 
conferees on the part of the Senate: Senators Enzi, Grassley, Sessions, Crapo, Graham, Portman, Toomey, Johnson, Ayotte, Wicker, Corker, Perdue, Sanders, Murray, Wyden, Stabenow, Whitehouse, Warner, Merkley, Baldwin, Kaine, and King. 
                                                                                            Page S2212 Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act—Agree-
ment: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached 
providing that at approximately 10 a.m., on Thurs-day, April 16, 2015, Senate resume consideration of S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking, with the time equally divided in the usual form; and that the filing deadline for all second-de-gree amendments to McConnell (for Cornyn) Amendment No. 1120 to the bill be at 10:30 a.m. 
                                                                                            Page S2224 
Deyo and Chaudhuri Nominations—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at 2 p.m., on Thursday, April 16, 2015, Senate begin consideration of the nominations of Russell C. Deyo, of New Jersey, to be Under Sec-retary for Management, Department of Homeland Security, and Jonodev Osceola Chaudhuri, of Ari-zona, to be Chairman of the National Indian Gam-ing Commission for the term of three years; Senate vote on confirmation of the nominations, without in-tervening action or debate; and that no further mo-tions be in order.
                                               Pages S2223–24 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Linda Struyk Millsaps, of North Carolina, to be a 
Member of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board for a term expiring September 14, 2018. 
Thomas Edgar Rothman, of Maryland, to be a 
Member of the National Council on the Arts for a term expiring September 3, 2016. 
Wilhelmina Marie Wright, of Minnesota, to be 
United States District Judge for the District of Min-nesota. 
Routine lists in the Foreign Service. 
                                                                                    Pages S2224–26 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2215 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2215 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2215–20 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2221–22 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2222–23 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2213-15 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2223 
Record Votes: Nine record votes were taken today. 
(Total—153)                                            Pages S2198, S2208–12 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 7:34 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, April 16, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2224.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15AP5.REC D15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D393 April 15, 2015 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION AND MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING FOR SELECT COMBATANT COMMANDERS AND SELECT DEFENSE AGENCIES 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for military construction and military family housing for select combatant commanders and select defense agencies, after receiving testimony from Major General Stephen A. Clark, USAF, Director of Force Structure, Requirements, Resources, and Stra-tegic Assessments (J8), U.S. Special Operations Com-mand, Major General Michael G. Dana, USMC, Di-rector for Strategic Planning and Policy (J5), U.S. Pacific Command, Joseph B. Marshal, Jr., Director, Business Support Directorate, Defense Health Agen-cy, and Brigadier General Kenneth E. Todarov, USAF, Deputy Director, Missile Defense Agency, all of the Department of the Defense. 
APPROPRIATIONS: NATIONAL 
INTELLIGENCE AND MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Defense concluded a closed hearing to exam-
ine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the national intelligence and military intelligence programs, after receiving testi-mony from James Clapper, Director of National In-telligence; and Michael Vickers, Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence. 
FUNDING THE DEPARTMENT OF 
HOMELAND SECURITY’S ROLE IN CYBERSECURITY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Homeland Security concluded a hearing to examine funding the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s role in cybersecurity, focusing on protection to partnership, after receiving testimony from Andy Ozment, Assistant Secretary for Cybersecurity and Communication, National Protection and Programs Directorate, and Luke McCormack, Chief Informa-tion Officer, both of the Department of Homeland Security; and Greg Garcia, Financial Services Sector Coordinating Council, Reston Virginia. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
SeaPower received a closed briefing on the major threats facing Navy forces and the Navy’s current and projected capabilities to meet those threats in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fis-cal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram, after receiving testimony from Charles P. Werchado, Deputy Director, Assessment Division (OPNAV N81), Vice Admiral Joseph P. Aucoin, Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Warfare Sys-tems (OPNAV N9), and Margaret G. Palmieri, Di-rector, Integrated Fires (OPNAV N2/N6F3), Office of Chief of Naval Operations, all of the Department of the Navy, Department of Defense. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces concluded a hearing to examine the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration plans and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years De-fense Program, after receiving testimony from Frank G. Klotz, Under Secretary for Nuclear Security, and Administrator, Donald L. Cook, Deputy Adminis-trator for Defense Programs, Anne M. Harrington, Deputy Administrator for Defense Nuclear Non-proliferation, and Admiral John M. Richardson, USN, Director, Naval Nuclear Propulsion, and Of-fice of Naval Reactors, all of the National Nuclear Security Administration, Department of Energy; and David C. Trimble, Director, Natural Resources and Environment, Government Accountability Office. 
NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION 
BUDGET 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, after receiving testimony from Stephen G. Burns, Chairman, and Kristine Svinicki, William Ostendorff, and Jeff Baran, each a Commissioner, all of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 
AMERICAN FOOD AID 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine American food aid, focusing on why reform matters, after receiving testimony from Dina Esposito, Director, Food for Peace, United States Agency for International Development; David Ray, CARE USA, Washington, D.C.; Vincent H. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15AP5.REC D15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D394 April 15, 2015 
Smith, Montana State University, Bozeman, on be-
half of the American Enterprise Institute; and Steph-anie Mercier, Farm Journal Foundation, Alexandria, Virginia. 
IRS CHALLENGES IN IMPLEMENTING THE 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine In-
ternal Revenue Service challenges in implementing the Affordable Care Act, after receiving testimony from John A. Koskinen, Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee continued consideration of an original bill entitled, ‘‘Every Child Achieves Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘WIOA Technical Amend-ments Act’’, and the nominations of Ericka M. Mil-ler, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Postsec-ondary Education, and Michael Keith Yudin, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, both of the Department of Education, but did not com-plete action thereon, and will meet again on Thurs-day, April 16, 2015. ASSET FORFEITURE REFORM 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the need to reform asset for-feiture, after receiving testimony from Senator Paul; Darpana M. Sheth, Institute for Justice, Arlington, Virginia; Chuck Canterbury, Fraternal Order of Po-lice, Washington, D.C.; Jonathan P. Bach, Cooley LLP, New York, New York, on behalf of the New York Council of Defense Lawyers; and Russ Caswell, Tewksbury, Massachusetts. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
IRS IMPERSONATION SCAM 
Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the IRS impersonation scam and the government’s response, after receiving testimony from Julie Brill, Commissioner, Federal Trade Com-mission; Alysa D. Erichs, Special Agent in Charge, Homeland Security Investigations Miami, Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement, Department of Homeland Security; Jason Moore, Auburn Maine Po-lice Department; and Al Cadenhead, Charlotte, North Carolina. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 35 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1795–1829; and 6 resolutions, H. Res. 201–206, were introduced.
                Pages H2268–69 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2270–71 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 373, to direct the Secretary of the Interior 
and Secretary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative juris-diction of each Secretary for good Samaritan search- and-recovery missions, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–75, Part 1); 
H.R. 404, to authorize early repayment of obliga-
tions to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Ne-braska (H. Rept. 114–76); 
H.R. 533, to revoke the charter of incorporation 
of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 
114–77); 
H.R. 984, to amend the National Trails System 
Act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study on the feasibility of designating the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–78); 
H.R. 1168, to amend the Indian Child Protection 
and Family Violence Prevention Act to require back-ground checks before foster care placements are or-dered in tribal court proceedings, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 114–79); 
H.R. 1324, to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho 
National Forest, Colorado, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–80); 
H.R. 979, to designate a mountain in the John 
Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’ (H. Rept. 114–81); and 
Committee on Oversight and Government Re-
form; Oversight Plans for all House Committees (H. Rept. 114–82).
                                                   Pages H2267–68 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15AP5.REC D15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D395 April 15, 2015 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Jolly to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H2215 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:32 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H2218 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Kenny Gooden, Union Grove Baptist Church, Yadkinville, North Carolina. 
                                                                                            Page H2218 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Taxpayer Bill of Rights Act of 2015: H.R. 1058, 
amended, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify that a duty of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is to ensure that Internal Revenue Service employees are familiar with and act in accord with certain taxpayer rights;
                        Pages H2230–32 
IRS Email Transparency Act: H.R. 1152, 
amended, to prohibit officers and employees of the Internal Revenue Service from using personal email accounts to conduct official business;
      Pages H2232–33 
Taxpayer Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act: 
H.R. 1026, amended, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permit the release of informa-tion regarding the status of certain investigations; 
                                                                                    Pages H2233–35 
Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right 
to Appeal Act: H.R. 1314, amended, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain orga-nizations;
                                                                Pages H2235–36 
IRS Bureaucracy Reduction and Judicial Re-
view Act: H.R. 1295, amended, to amend the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the process for making determinations with respect to whether organizations are exempt from taxation under section 501(c)(4) of such Code;
                                  Pages H2236–38 
Prevent Targeting at the IRS Act: H.R. 709, 
amended, to provide for the termination of employ-ment of employees of the Internal Revenue Service 
who take certain official actions for political pur-poses;
                                                                       Pages H2238–40 
Fair Treatment for All Gifts Act: H.R. 1104, 
amended, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a deduction from the gift tax for gifts made to certain exempt organizations; and 
                                                                                    Pages H2240–41 
Contracting and Tax Accountability Act of 
2015: H.R. 1562, to prohibit the awarding of a con-
tract or grant in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold unless the prospective contractor or grantee certifies in writing to the agency awarding the con-
tract or grant that the contractor or grantee has no seriously delinquent tax debts, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay 
vote of 424 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 156.
                                                       Pages H2241–43, H2251–52 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, April 16.
                            Page H2249 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:15 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4:29 p.m.                                                    Page H2249 
Suspension—Failed: The House failed to agree to 
suspend the rules and pass the following measure: 
Federal Employee Tax Accountability Act of 
2015: H.R. 1563, amended, to amend title 5, 
United States Code, to provide that individuals hav-ing seriously delinquent tax debts shall be ineligible for Federal employment, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 
266 yeas to 160 nays, Roll No. 157. 
                                                                      Pages H2243–49, H2252 
State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act of 2015, Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015, and Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advi-sory Boards Act: The House agreed to H. Res. 
200, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 622) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the deduction of State and local general sales taxes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1105) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and genera-tion-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1195) to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, by a re-corded vote of 242 ayes to 182 noes, Roll No. 155, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and- nay vote of 240 yeas to 183 nays, Roll No. 154. 
                                                                Pages H2223–30, H2250–51 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H2219. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes 
and one recorded vote developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H2250, H2250–51, H2251–52, and H2252. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:42 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15AP5.REC D15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D396 April 15, 2015 
Committee Meetings 
THE PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE OF 
SNAP: THE WORLD OF NUTRITION AND THE ROLE OF THE CHARITABLE SECTOR 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘The Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: The World of Nutrition and the Role of the Charitable Sector’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MEMBERS’ DAY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense 
held a hearing for Members of Congress. Testimony was heard from Chairman Miller of Florida and Rep-resentatives Lowenthal, Ted Lieu of California, Jolly, McGovern, Heck of Washington, Johnson of Geor-gia, Cook, Byrne, Carter of Georgia, Rothfus, Law-rence, and Wagner. 
APPROPRIATIONS—SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Services and General Government held a hearing on Securities and Exchange Commission budget. Testimony was heard from Mary Jo White, Chair, Securities and Exchange Commission. 
APPROPRIATIONS—EBOLA 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education held a hearing on Ebola budget. Testimony was heard from Nicole Lurie, MD, Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response, United States Public Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services; Thomas R. Frieden, MD, Director, Centers of Dis-ease Control and Prevention; Anthony S. Fauci, MD, Director, National Institute of Allergy and Infections Diseases, National Institutes of Health; and Robin Robinson, Director, Biomedical Advanced Research and Development, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, Department of Health and Human Services. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy 
and Water Development held a markup on appro-priations bill for fiscal year 2016. The bill was for-warded to the full committee, without amendment. 
APPROPRIATIONS—IMMIGRATION AND 
CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Home-
land Security held a hearing on Immigration and Customs Enforcement budget. Testimony was heard from Sarah R. Saldan ˜a, Director, Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held a markup on appropriations bill for fiscal year 2016. The bill was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. 
APPROPRIATIONS—UNITED NATIONS 
AND INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, 
Foreign Operations, and Related Programs held a hearing on United Nations and International Orga-nizations budget. Testimony was heard from Samantha Power, United States Ambassador to the United Nations. 
THE RISK OF LOSING MILITARY 
TECHNOLOGY SUPERIORITY AND ITS IMPLICATIONS FOR U.S. POLICY, STRATEGY, AND POSTURE IN THE ASIA- PACIFIC 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Risk of Losing Military Tech-nology Superiority and Its Implications for U.S. Pol-icy, Strategy, and Posture in the Asia-Pacific’’. Testi-mony was heard from Admiral Samuel J. Locklear, USN, Commander, U.S. Pacific Command; General Curtis M. Scaparrotti, USA, Commander, U.S. Forces Korea; and Christine E. Wormuth, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. 
THE ROLE OF SURFACE FORCES IN 
PRESENCE, DETERRENCE, AND WARFIGHTING 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
Seapower and Projection Forces held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Role of Surface Forces in Presence, Deter-rence, and Warfighting’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
FISCAL YEAR 2016 NUCLEAR FORCES 
HEARING 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Nuclear Forces Hearing’’. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Defense officials: Vice Admiral Terry J. Benedict, USN, Director, Strategic Systems Programs; Major General Garrett Harencak, USAF, Assistant Chief of Staff for Stra-tegic Deterrence and Nuclear Integration; Arthur T. Hopkins, Acting Principal Deputy Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Nuclear, Chemical, and Bio-logical Defense Programs; and Robert M. Scher, As-sistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15AP5.REC D15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D397 April 15, 2015 
SERVING STUDENTS AND FAMILIES 
THROUGH CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAMS 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Serving Students and Families through Child Nutrition Programs’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee 
held a markup on H.R. 1734, the ‘‘Improving Coal Combustion Residuals Regulation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 906, to modify the efficiency standards for grid-enabled water heaters; and H.R. 1770, the ‘‘Data Security and Breach Notification Act of 2015’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 906 and H.R. 1770. The following bill was ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 1734. 
EXAMINING REGULATORY BURDENS ON 
NON-DEPOSITORY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-
nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Regulatory Burdens on Non-Depository Financial Institutions’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
CONFRONTING RUSSIA’S 
WEAPONIZATION OF INFORMATION 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Confronting Russia’s Weaponization of Information’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a markup on H.R. 1150, to amend the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to religious freedom viola-
tions and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes; and H. Res. 50, calling for the re-lease of Ukrainian fighter pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who was captured by Russian forces in Eastern Ukraine and has been held illegally in a Russian prison since July 2014. H.R. 1150 was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. H. Res. 50 was forwarded to the full committee, as amended. THE CONTINUING THREAT OF 
NEGLECTED TROPICAL DISEASES 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Continuing Threat of Neglected Tropical Diseases’’. 
Testimony was heard from Ariel Pablos-Me ´ndez, 
M.D., Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Global Health, U.S. Agency for International Development; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee began a 
markup on H.R. 427, the ‘‘Regulations From the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1759, the ‘‘All Economic Regulations are Trans-parent Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 758, the ‘‘Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2015’’. The following bill was ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 427. The following bill was ordered reported, without amend-ment: H.R. 1759. The committee began consider-ation of H.R. 758. 
ANALYZING MISCONDUCT IN FEDERAL 
LAW ENFORCEMENT 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime, 
Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Analyzing Misconduct in Federal Law Enforcement’’. Testimony was heard from Michael E. Horowitz, Inspector General, De-partment of Justice; John Roth, Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security; Herman E. ‘‘Chuck’’ Whaley, Deputy Chief Inspector, Office of Professional Responsibility, Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration, Department of Justice; and Mark Hughes, Chief Integrity Officer, Secret Service, De-partment of Homeland Security. 
FEDERAL LAND ACQUISITION AND ITS 
IMPACTS ON COMMUNITIES AND THE ENVIRONMENT 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-
eral Lands held a hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Land Ac-quisition and its Impacts on Communities and the Environment’’. Testimony was heard from Robert A. Lovingood, Supervisor, First District San Bernardino County; and public witnesses. 
EXAMINING THE FUTURE IMPACTS OF 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S OFFSHORE ENERGY PLAN 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Future Impacts of President Obama’s Offshore Energy Plan’’. Testimony was heard from Pat McCrory, Governor, State of North Carolina; Abigail Hopper, Director, Bureau of Ocean 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15AP5.REC D15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D398 April 15, 2015 
Energy Management, Department of the Interior; 
Emilie Swearingen, Commissioner, Town of Kure Beach, North Carolina; and public witnesses. 
OVERSIGHT OF EFFORTS TO REFORM THE 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Health Care, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules; and Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade of the Committee on Financial Services, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Efforts to Reform the Export-Import Bank of the United States’’. Testimony was heard from the following Ex-port-Import Bank of the United States officials: Mi-chael T. McCarthy, Acting Inspector General, Office of Inspector General; Mark S. Thorum, Assistant In-spector General for Inspections and Evaluations, Of-fice of Inspector General; Fred P. Hochberg, Chair-man and President; and Nathan Sheets, Undersecre-tary for International Affairs, Department of Treas-ury; and Kimberly M. Gianopoulos, Director of Ad-vocacy, International Affairs and Trade Team, Gov-ernment Accountability Office. 
THE TAXPAYER ADVOCATE’S ANNUAL 
REPORT 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Taxpayer Advocate’s Annual Re-port’’. Testimony was heard from Nina Olson, Na-tional Taxpayer Advocate, Internal Revenue Service. 
THE PRESIDENT’S UN CLIMATE PLEDGE: 
SCIENTIFICALLY JUSTIFIED OR A NEW TAX ON AMERICANS? 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s UN Climate Pledge: Scientifically Justified or a New Tax on Americans?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
TAX REFORM: ENSURING THAT MAIN 
STREET ISN’T LEFT BEHIND 
Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Tax Reform: Ensuring that Main Street Isn’t Left Behind’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full 
Committee held a markup on H.R. 1732, the ‘‘Reg-ulatory Integrity Protection Act’’; H.R. 1471, the ‘‘FEMA Disaster Assistance Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1472, the ‘‘Integrated Public Alert and Warn-ing System Modernization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1473, the ‘‘John F. Kennedy Center Reauthorization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 944, to reauthorize the National Estu-
ary Program, and for other purposes; H.R. 336, to direct the Administrator of General Services, on be-half of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alas-ka to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska; H.R. 172, to designate the United States courthouse lo-cated at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mis-sissippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Court-house’’; H. Con. Res. 21, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby; H. Con. Res. 25, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition; and H.R. 1690, to des-ignate the United States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Jo-seph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse’’. The fol-lowing bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 1732 and H.R. 1471. The following legisla-tion was ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 1472, H.R. 944, H.R. 1473, H.R. 336, H.R. 172, H.R. 1690, H. Con. Res. 21, and H. Con. Res. 25. 
AN OVERVIEW OF THE U.S. COAST 
GUARD’S MISSIONS 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation held a hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the U.S. Coast Guard’s Missions’’. Testimony was heard from Vice Admiral Charles Michel, United States Coast Guard Deputy Commandant for Operations. 
DENVER VA MEDICAL CENTER: 
CONSTRUCTING A WAY FORWARD 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Denver VA Medical Center: Con-structing a Way Forward’’. Testimony was heard from Lloyd C. Caldwell, Director of Military Pro-grams, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Department of the Army; and Sloan D. Gibson, Deputy Sec-retary, Department of Veterans Affairs. 
SPECIAL ACTIVITIES 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Sub-
committee on the National Security Agency and Cy-bersecurity held a hearing on special activities. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
SMALL BUSINESS GROWTH 
Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine if taxes are holding back small business growth, after receiving testimony from Brian Reardon, S Corporation Association, and Holly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15AP5.REC D15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D399 April 15, 2015 
Wade, National Federation of Independent Business, 
both of Washington, D.C.; Jody Fledderman, Bates-ville Tool and Die, Batesville, Indiana; Thomas A. Hoghaug, Signus Medical LLC, Chanhassen, Min-nesota; and Martin A. Sullivan, Tax Analysts, Falls Church, Virginia. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
APRIL 16, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Education, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-
lated Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
U.S. Pacific Command and U.S. Forces Korea in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold hearings to examine regulatory burdens to obtaining mortgage credit, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine the Energy Information Administration’s annual energy outlook for 2015, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi-
ness meeting to continue consideration of an original bill entitled, ‘‘Every Child Achieves Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘WIOA Technical Amendments Act’’, and the nominations of Ericka M. Miller, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Postsecondary Education, and Mi-chael Keith Yudin, of the District of Columbia, to be As-sistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilitative 
Services, both of the Department of Education, 12:30 p.m., SH–216. 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
the nominations of Sally Quillian Yates, of Georgia, to be Deputy Attorney General, Department of Justice, Kara Farnandez Stoll, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Federal Circuit, and Roseann A. Ketchmark, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Missouri, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Medicare Post Acute Care De-livery and Options to Improve It’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘H.R. ll , Targeting Rogue 
and Opaque Letters (TROL) Act’’, 11 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Hous-
ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Hous-ing in America: Increasing Private Sector Participation in Affordable Housing’’, 9:15 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-
committee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Worst Places to Work in the Federal Government’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the Budget Proposal for the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Opportunity, markup on H.R. 473, the ‘‘Increas-ing the Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability to Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 475, the ‘‘GI Bill Proc-essing Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 476, the ‘‘GI Bill Education Quality Enhancement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1382, the ‘‘Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employ-ment Act’’; H.R. 456, the ‘‘Reducing Barriers for Vet-erans Education Act of 2015’’; H.R. 474, the ‘‘Homeless Veterans’ Reintegration Programs Reauthorization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 643, the ‘‘Veterans Education Survey Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1038, the ‘‘Ensuring VA Employee Ac-countability Act’’; H.R. 1141, the ‘‘GI Bill Fairness Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1187, to amend title 38, United States Code, to adjust certain limits on the guaranteed amount of a home loan under the home loan program of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs; and H.R. 1313, the ‘‘Serv-ice Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Relief Act’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Subcommittee 
on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Ar-chitecture, hearing on NRO budget, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Subcommittee on Department of Defense Intelligence 
and Overhead Architecture, hearing on NGA budget, 10:15 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15AP5.REC D15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD400 April 15, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Thursday, April 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will resume consideration 
of S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McConnell (for Cor-nyn) Amendment No. 1120 to the bill at approximately 11 a.m. The filing deadline for second-degree amend-ments to McConnell (for Cornyn) Amendment No. 1120 to the bill is at 10:30 a.m. 
At approximately 2 p.m., Senate will vote on confirma-
tion of the nominations of Russell C. Deyo, of New Jer-sey, to be Under Secretary for Management, Department of Homeland Security, and Jonodev Osceola Chaudhuri, of Arizona, to be Chairman of the National Indian Gam-ing Commission. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Thursday, April 16 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 622— 
State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule), H.R. 1105—Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Advisory Boards Act (Subject to a Rule), and H.R. 1195—Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E506 
Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E501, E504, E506 Cicilline, David N., R.I., E495 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E498 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E496, E497, E499, E500, E501, 
E502, E503, E504, E505, E506 
Cummings, Elijah E., Md., E495 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E497 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E505 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E497 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E500 Hill, J. French, Ark., E508 
Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E499, E502, E508 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E507, E508 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E505 Long, Billy, Mo., E497, E499 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E495 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E502 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E508 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E498 Messer, Luke, Ind., E500 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E501, E509 Payne, Donald M., N.J., E495 Poliquin, Bruce, Me., E499 Price, Tom, Ga., E509 
Quigley, Mike, Ill., E503 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana 
Islands, E496 
Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E496 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E495 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E502 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E504 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E503 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E498, E501, E505, E506, 
E507 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Apr 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D15AP5.REC D15APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST