Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1451 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 2015 No. 42 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, March 13, 2015, at 11 a.m. 
Senate 
THURSDAY , MARCH 12, 2015 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, most high, thank You 
for being light in our darkness, food for our hunger, peace for our pressures, joy for our sorrow, forgiveness for our fail-ures, strength for our weakness, guid-ance for our confusion, and health for our sickness. 
May our Senators labor today with 
the knowledge that You are everything they need. When they feel uncertain about the next step to take, supply their needs from Your bountiful riches. Lord, keep them from stumbling or slipping as they strive to live lives that honor You. May they ever do justly, love mercy, and walk humbly with You. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HELLER ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act is one of the most bipartisan pieces of legislation one could possibly imagine. Ever since this bipartisan human rights bill was introduced by a Demo-crat and a Republican in January and made publicly available for any person to read, Members of both parties have sung its praises repeatedly. This bipar-tisan bill has gained the support of 13 
Democratic cosponsors. 
Recently, Democrats voted unani-
mously to approve it in committee. This week Democrats consented unani-mously to advance it on the floor. Even the Democratic leader himself said he ‘‘underscore[d], appreciate[d], and agree[d]’’ with my call to pass this bi-partisan legislation overwhelmingly. ‘‘I doubt there will be problems on my side,’’ he said. ‘‘If there are, I will work to clear them.’’ 
That was Monday. By Tuesday, Democrats seemed to be 
threatening to filibuster human rights legislation for abused and neglected victims and children. Let me repeat that. Democrats are now threatening to filibuster human rights legislation for abused and neglected victims and children. So why? 
Democrats now say they don’t like 
language that has been in the bill since it was introduced months ago that does nothing more than reaffirm the bipar-tisan law of the land. That is all that language does. This bipartisan provi-sion was on page 4 of this modest-sized bill, so Democrats obviously knew it was there to begin with. Democrats ob-viously wouldn’t have cosponsored the 
bill or voted for it in committee or called for passage on the floor if they hadn’t read the bill first. 
These Democrats surely don’t want 
to see more quotes such as this one from an official with the Coalition Against Trafficking in Women. She said: ‘‘Senate Democrats are choosing a phantom problem over real victims.’’ 
So if these Democrats keep their 
word to the victims of human traf-ficking, then a partisan filibuster at-tempt will fail overwhelmingly. If these Democrats keep their word to the vulnerable and the oppressed, then the Senate will pass a bipartisan human rights bill. 
But if these Democrats truly are hav-
ing second thoughts about supporting 
such important human rights legisla-tion, they are free to offer an amend-ment. But let’s not filibuster bipar-tisan help for vulnerable victims just to make a point for leftwing special in-terest groups. 
Our Democratic friends have to resist 
the siren song of their pollsters who tell them that the path to victory lies in turning bipartisan bills into manu-factured fights over cultural issues. Americans are looking for statesmen and stateswomen on the Democratic side to stand up—stand up—and help us emancipate the victims of modern slav-ery, not score another empty political point. 
So I am calling on these Democrats 
to help us do that. Help is almost there for the vulnerable victims of these awful crimes. Surely no leftwing spe-cial interest group is more important than fighting modern-day slavery. So 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.000 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1452 March 12, 2015 
the Democratic cosponsors and de-
clared supporters of this bill need to keep working with us in a bipartisan way to ensure that help comes. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
FOREIGN POLICY 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, McClatchy 
News has a story that I think is worth talking about, a part of it at least, this morning. It says: 
Newspaper editorial pages around the 
country have not been kind to Senate Repub-licans this week. A collective ‘‘Seriously?’’ has emerged in reaction to the open letter that 47 Republicans penned to the Iranian leadership, which seemed designed to under-cut nuclear talks with the Obama adminis-tration. 
Here are some of the things they 
said: 
‘‘A blot on 114th U.S. Senate,’’ from 
the Detroit Free Press. 
‘‘The Senators who signed the letter 
should be ashamed,’’ said the Pitts-burgh Post-Gazette. 
Some sounded embarrassed. ‘‘Cringe-worthy buffoonery on the 
global stage,’’ says the Salt Lake Trib-une. 
Others seemed just weary of Capitol 
Hill’s continuing dysfunction. 
‘‘Has Congress gone crazy?’’ won-
dered the Courier-Journal in Louis-ville, KY. 
Senator M
ARK KIRKof Illinois ‘‘has 
not been among the crazies in Con-gress, particularly on foreign policy matters. But he joined them here,’’ wrote the Peoria Journal Star. 
Noting her signature endorsing the 
letter, the Concord Monitor said of New Hampshire Republican Senator K
ELLY AYOTTE : 
‘‘It’s not every day that a United 
States senator attempts to undermine U.S. foreign policy and weaken the na-tion in one cursive swoop.’’ 
In Phoenix, AZ, the Arizona Republic 
editorial board concluded that the Re-publican Senators ‘‘are effectively de-claring a congressional right to con-duct subversive foreign policy proxy wars with the president, with threats to blow up agreement negotiations as their weapon of choice.’’ 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, in the last 
Congress legislation to combat human trafficking was a bipartisan matter. Senators K
LOBUCHAR and L EAHY have 
long been leaders on this issue. But this year—and we could talk about how it got in the bill, many believe it was sleight of hand—there is an abortion provision in this bill that is now before this body. 
For well more than 25 years I had the 
pleasure of serving with Henry Hyde in the House of Representatives, who was 
famous for a number of reasons, but one is that he has penned the Hyde lan-guage which deals with abortion. In all these 25-plus years, that matter has been put over 1 year at a time. We have never chosen to make that permanent law. 
This year Republicans have sought to 
inject into this consensus bill one of the most controversial issues of the last 40 years—a woman’s right to choose. 
Don’t take my word for it. Leading 
Republicans acknowledge that abortion politics is extraneous to the bill before us. 
Yesterday J
OHN CORNYN said: ‘‘This 
bill is being hijacked and being used to debate something that it really doesn’t have very much to do about, and that is the subject of abortion.’’ 
O
RRIN HATCH said: ‘‘I can’t believe 
that this Senate has become so polit-ical that we would raise that issue at this time on this bill.’’ 
The solution is so simple. Take the 
abortion language out of the bill. 
The bill dealing with human traf-
ficking is going to pass. If we don’t do it now, we will do it. It is something that is imperative that we accomplish, but it should not be dealt with in rela-tion to abortion. Take the abortion language out of the bill. 
The Republican Senators have a 
choice, to legislate or to hijack the leg-islation. If they want to get something done, they need to take abortion poli-tics out of this bill. If they want to leave abortion politics in the bill, then the Republicans will only continue this session’s record of dysfunction. 
This is the second day my friend, the 
Republican leader, has come to the floor and quoted something I said a few days ago. Every word he quotes is per-fect—that is what I said—but here is the context in which I said it. I am an expert on motions to proceed. During the last 6 years I have had to file clo-ture as a leader here hundreds and hun-dreds of times—in the last Congress more than 200 times. Virtually all of the cloture motions were filed because Republicans wouldn’t let us get on the bill. They simply wouldn’t let us get on the bill—every bill—even bills they fa-vored. We would have to spend a couple of days getting it ripe for a vote on clo-ture, and once that was done, then we had to wait 30 hours. What I said the other day is true, human trafficking is something that needs to get done, and we Democrats are not going to ask you, the Republican leadership, to file abortion language. Get on the bill. And we are on the bill. We could finish this bill in 20 minutes. The only thing that needs to be done is the language relat-ing to abortion should come out of this bill. Abortion and human trafficking have nothing to do with each other. 
So my friend the Republican leader 
can come and quote me any time he wants, and I know he will quote me correctly, but it should be put in the proper context, and that context is this: We have proven during the first 
few months of this Congress that on issues that we believe should be de-bated, we will allow the Senate to get on the bill. We are not going to be stalling, as has been done for the last 6 years, just to kill time. We are on this human trafficking legislation because it is something that needs to be com-pleted, and the only way at this stage it is going to happen is the abortion language must come out of the bill. 
Mr. President, would the Chair an-
nounce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The lead-
ership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided, and with the majority controlling the first half. 
f 
ORDER OF BUSINESS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the votes 
are scheduled today at 2 p.m.; is that right? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
KELSEY SMITH ACT 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak about my amendment to the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking bill that would make a minor but nevertheless important common-sense update to the current tele-communications law to provide law en-forcement with access to information that should and could help locate indi-viduals in life-or-death situations. My amendment—identical to the stand- alone legislation I plan to reintroduce later this month—is aptly named after the young Kansan whose life and bright future was cut short by a senseless act of violence and whose case is the inspi-ration for why we desperately need to update this law. 
Almost 8 years ago. On June 2, 2007, 
18-year-old Kansan Kelsey Smith—a lovely girl—was abducted in broad day-light from an Overland Park, KS, park-ing lot. Kelsey’s abduction was cap-tured on the closed circuit camera, therefore leaving little doubt of the emergency situation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.001 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1453 March 12, 2015 
Here is the tragedy. Four days after 
Kelsey disappeared, authorities were fi-nally able to locate her body after her wireless provider released the ‘‘ping’’ or call location information from her cell phone. It took 4 days to get that vital information. Providing this infor-mation as fast as possible is absolutely critical to ensure law enforcement offi-cials can rescue victims in imminent danger of death or serious physical harm and hopefully prevent future cases similar to Kelsey’s. 
This amendment is a culmination of 
years of work between legislatures at both the Federal and State level, in-dustry stakeholders, private advocates and, most importantly, Kelsey’s brave parents who spearheaded this initiative and advocated to create commonsense reforms that properly balance the needs of law enforcement with the Fourth Amendment protections of all citizens. 
Through their advocacy and tireless 
efforts, Missey and Greg Smith have helped enact laws in 17 States, includ-ing my home State of Kansas, to pro-vide law enforcement with the nec-essary tools to rescue individuals in emergency situations where the threat of death or serious bodily injury is im-minent. 
The impact of this law at the State 
level has been real and measurable. For example, in May of 2012, 1 month after the enactment of the State’s version of the Kelsey Smith Act, local authorities in Tennessee were successful in saving the life of a child who had been ab-ducted by a suspected child rapist. Be-cause the child was believed to be in imminent danger, police were able to receive the location of the suspect’s cell phone in a window of time that led to the safe recovery of the child alive and before she was assaulted. 
According to the Center for Missing 
and Exploited Children, the first 3 hours are critical to recovering a child alive. This is why it is necessary that in these few isolated instances where a person’s very life is at stake, an exemp-tion should be made to release the whereabouts of that individual. Under-standing this, my amendment would provide law enforcement with the abil-ity to recover the location of children and other missing individuals in only very specific emergency situations, namely when there is risk of death or serious bodily injury, but in order to obtain the location, law enforcement must first provide a sworn written statement to the telecommunications providers stating the facts that support probable cause to believe that disclo-sure of the location is required to pre-vent death or serious bodily injury. Furthermore, 48 hours after the loca-tion is disclosed to law enforcement, they must request a court order stat-ing whether such agency had probable cause to believe the facts surrounding the rescue or recovery were warranted. 
The privacy of every Kansan, and 
every American for that matter, is ex-tremely important and that is why my amendment includes this language to 
put into place safeguards against pos-sible abuses of authority by law en-forcement. I believe my amendment strikes the appropriate balance be-tween the ability for law enforcement to help individuals in grave danger while also ensuring that proper checks are in place to guard against any over-reach by the government. 
Kelsey was never given the oppor-
tunity to attend college or get married or have children and experience the American dream that many of us take for granted every day, but what she did do was inspire her mother and father to make it their mission in life to help educate and empower communities and children to help prevent another case like this from happening again. 
Kelsey’s father, Greg, a former law 
enforcement officer himself and a Kan-sas State Senator representing parts of Johnson County, said it best when he quoted Abraham Lincoln to describe what Kelsey had accomplished: ‘‘In the end, it’s not the years in your life that counts. It’s the life in your years.’’ 
I thank my colleagues for the oppor-
tunity to speak on the floor today, and I would have liked to have offered my commonsense amendment that would help prevent tragedies like Kelsey’s, so I ask every colleague in this body to ask one question: If it were your child, your grandchild, your spouse, would you not want law enforcement to have immediate access to this information? 
Let’s honor Kelsey’s memory by 
passing this legislation whether it is stand-alone legislation or in amend-ment form. I had every intention to ask for a vote on my amendment. I be-lieve I would have had my colleagues’ support on both sides of the aisle. This legislation is long overdue and so is the trafficking bill. 
At this time we are grateful for those 
who use their abilities and skills in ways that promote justice and goodwill in our land and to promoting the good of every citizen. That is, unfortu-nately, not happening at this time. We have objections from the minority over a provision that has been in law for 36 years. 
This is delay again for Kelsey Smith 
and amendments such as mine that I think have bipartisan support. In this regard I am frustrated, and I think it is shameful. 
I yield the floor. It would appear to the Senator from 
Kansas that there is not a quorum. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I am 
proud to join several of my colleagues this morning in submitting a sub-stitute amendment to the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015. 
Human trafficking is a global 
scourge, and we should be working on a bipartisan basis and on a bicameral basis to stop it. However, I am deeply concerned to learn that our friends on the other side of the aisle have inserted a worrisome provision into this year’s version of the bill. This provision would expand upon the so-called Hyde amendment which restricts funds for women’s reproductive health choices. The new language, which has been of-fered by Senator C
ORNYN from Texas, 
would set a new, dangerous precedent by enabling Hyde restrictions to apply to nontax funding streams set forth in this bill. 
This language paves the way for po-
litical leaders in the future to interfere even more with a woman’s basic per-sonal health decisions, and it sets the tone for a dramatic expansion of abor-tion restriction for years to come. 
I am upset about this provision in 
that it shouldn’t be in this bill. This bill is not about abortion, it is about human trafficking. Instead, this provi-sion has now become another oppor-tunity for political speeches and delay. 
The good news is the Justice for Vic-
tims of Trafficking Act can still be bi-partisan, and we have high hopes it will be. Democrats are ready to work with Republicans to fix this bill and move past the partisan obstacle which literally stopped us this week from doing anything. 
The substitute amendment removes 
the Hyde restrictions from the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. It in-cludes two important bipartisan pieces of legislation, the Runaway and Home-less Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act, originally offered by Senator L
EAHY , and the Stop Exploitation 
Through Trafficking Act sponsored by Senator K
LOBUCHAR . 
We know that colleagues can work on 
a bipartisan basis to effectively address this issue. I urge my colleagues, when we look at what we have done so far in this session of Congress, we have very little to show for the time we have spent here. This is an opportunity to pass a bipartisan human trafficking bill—not a grab bag for every notion or idea any Senator has on any subject, but one that addresses a very serious issue. 
I also know that another Senator 
from Louisiana on the Republican side has an amendment which he wishes to offer on this bill which, again, has nothing to do with human trafficking. 
Senator V
ITTER offers an amendment 
that would deny citizenship at birth to children born in the United States un-less one of the parents of the child is a U.S. citizen, national permanent resi-dent, or an actively serving armed services member. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.005 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1454 March 12, 2015 
As the ranking member of the con-
stitution subcommittee on the Judici-ary Committee, let me begin with the obvious for my colleagues in the Sen-ate: Birthright citizenship is a con-stitutional right. Congress can’t amend that amendment with a statute. I would think that every Senator knows that. To put this provision before us is merely to try to provoke a debate on a bill which has no impact on the Con-stitution. 
The citizenship clause of the 14th 
Amendment states: ‘‘All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein they reside.’’ 
I urge my colleagues, particularly 
the one offering this amendment, to pick up the Constitution and read it. The 14th Amendment is as clear as can be. 
The citizenship clause has been re-
stated and established by four cen-turies of Anglo-American jurispru-dence. The 14th Amendment raised the short-lived exception to birthright citi-zenship that was established by the in-famous Dred Scott decision of 1857. We certainly remember that. It was one of the provocations that led to a civil war in this country. We should take this issue extremely seriously. 
The Supreme Court has repeatedly 
ruled that the 14th Amendment applies to U.S.-born children of noncitizens. What part of that does the author of this amendment not understand? 
The Court rejected arguments that 
the son of Chinese nationals, who were forbidden under the Chinese Exclusion Act from ever becoming U.S. citizens, could be deprived of citizenship be-cause of his parents’ status. 
The Supreme Court ruled that: 
‘‘Nothing is better settled at the com-mon law than the doctrine that the children, even of alien s... are sub-
jects at birth.’’ Subsequent decisions have backed that up. 
The famous case of Plyer v. Doe basi-
cally said—the Court reasoned that even if the Court wanted to control the conduct of adults, ‘‘legislation direct-ing the onus of the parent’s misconduct against his children does not comport with fundamental concepts of justice.’’ The law is clear. 
So this amendment being offered by 
Senator V
ITTER is a provocative, un-
necessary, and basically feckless effort to stall an important bill that should be passed on a bipartisan basis. 
I hope my colleagues, whatever their 
feelings on this issue, will understand, you cannot amend the Constitution by a statute. I thought that was in basic Senate 101, but we have to get back to it to make clear that my colleagues understand this important human traf-ficking bill should not be bogged down or stopped with issues such as abor-tion—as important as it is—which should be saved for a separate debate, or this effort to amend the U.S. Con-stitution with an amendment on the floor to a statute. That certainly is not a good way for us to accomplish things 
in the Senate. 
f 
FOR-PROFIT SCHOOLS 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I have 
been coming to this floor for a long time. The Presiding Officer is new to the body so I know he has been spared my speeches on the subject talking about for-profit colleges. 
This is an industry that lures stu-
dents with flashy ads and misleading promises, gobbles up the Federal loan and grant money these students can bring to them and then ends up pro-ducing students—if they are lucky enough to get a diploma—who can’t find good-paying jobs. To understand the for-profit college industry in Amer-ica today, you only need to know three numbers—and for those who are listen-ing, this will be on the final. Here are the three numbers: For-profit colleges enroll ten percent of college students in the United States of America. When you think of for-profit colleges, think of University of Phoenix, DeVry, Kaplan. There are a lot of them. Ten percent of college students go to these schools. 
These schools, the for-profit schools, 
receive 20 percent of the Federal aid to education. 
Why do they get so much if they only 
have 10 percent of the students? They charge so much. Their tuition goes through the roof. Ten percent of the students, 20 percent of the Federal aid to education. But this is the number I don’t want you to forget—44. 
Forty-four percent of all student loan 
defaults are students of for-profit schools. What does that tell us? It tells us these students are getting in over their heads. They are borrowing too much money. It tells us these students are dropping out and unable to pay their loans or end up with a worthless diploma and can’t find a job. 
How can the Senate stand back and 
say this is acceptable? For-profit col-leges are the most heavily subsidized private companies in America today— the most heavily subsidized. 
In the home State of the Presiding 
Officer and mine, we have some farm-ers. Our farmers get kicked around a little bit about all of the Federal money they receive. Our farmers don’t hold a candle to the for-profit colleges and universities. 
These folks have turned siphoning 
money out of the Federal Treasury into an art form. The money they pay the CEOs who engineer these arrange-ments is in the millions of dollars each year, all Federal dollars, virtually all, 90, 95 percent of Federal dollars. How can you call yourself a private, for- profit company, when 80 to 90 percent of your money is coming directly from the Federal Government? 
As a matter of fact, this industry, the 
for-profit college industry, if we took the money we spent in subsidies to these schools, would be the ninth larg-est Federal agency in Washington. Yet many flinty conservatives who 
hate subsidies and hate deficits look the other way: Oh, it is a private com-pany—10 percent of the students, 20 percent of the aid in Federal education, 44 percent of all the student loan de-faults—and they are getting 80 to 90 percent from the Federal Treasury and we are supposed to look the other way? 
From time to time, students come 
and sit in our galleries. Many of them are soon to graduate from high school. They will be inundated by these for- profit schools. 
As soon as you reach a certain age, 
you can’t log onto your computer with-out these schools roaring at you about the great deals they have to offer. I took a look back in recent memory. They actually ran an ad before the Pre-siding Officer was elected, and it was an ad that was on local television here. It showed a very attractive young lady in her pajamas, lounging on her bed, and she had her laptop computer. She said in this ad: I am going to college in my pajamas. I am going to a for-profit college—I don’t even have to get out of my pajamas, I can go to college. 
That is a bad joke, and unfortunately 
too many people are lured into this be-lief: I can just log on and get a degree. Well, it turns out many times it is too darned expensive—and it is worthless, if you ever get it. 
The stories that come to my office of 
young people who signed up for these for-profit schools and ended up with more debt than they could ever pos-sibly imagine are horrifying. Imagine a 30-year-old woman in the suburbs of Chicago with over $100,000 in debt and a worthless degree from Westwood Col-lege, one of the for-profit colleges in the Chicagoland area. 
She watched all these crime shows on 
television, and they told her she could go into law enforcement with this de-gree. She spent 5 years, over $100,000 in debt, and not a single law enforcement agency in the Chicagoland area would recognize that degree. 
Was she ever told that along the way 
with all those fancy ads? Never. So I say to students: Think twice about these for-profit schools. 
But I want to say a word about one 
particular instance that bothers me a lot. Corinthian was one of the largest— most people didn’t know Corinthian as a for-profit school, but they knew some of the schools that were involved in it. Everest Colleges were owned by Corin-thian. 
Well, it turned out that Corinthian 
ran into a problem. Corinthian Colleges was falsifying information they gave to the Federal Government. The Federal Government asked Corinthian Col-leges, as it asks all of these other for- profit colleges: How many of your stu-dents get jobs after they graduate? 
Corinthian was falsifying the stu-
dents getting jobs. In fact, Corinthian had this arrangement with many com-panies. They would give them $1,000 and say: Can you hire our graduates for a month? You can let them go, but hire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.007 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1455 March 12, 2015 
them after graduation for a month or 
two, and we will give you some money to do it. The companies went along with that, subsidized employees, then 
they let the employees go. 
Then Corinthian would report to the 
Federal Government: our graduates are working. 
Well, when we called them on it and 
they couldn’t produce the real informa-tion, Corinthian stock started plum-meting and eventually went out of business. It was more than 1 year ago that I wrote to the Department of Edu-cation asking them to investigate Co-rinthian Colleges about falsifying job placement rates. It was originally re-ported by the Huffington Post. Accord-ing to the Department, they looked into it. Corinthian was, in fact, lying, falsifying placement rates and creating attendance records at several of its in-stitutions. Corinthian would use in-flated placement rates to lure other unsuspecting students into the school. After the Department of Education placed financial sanctions on the com-pany and delayed their title IV dis-bursements, Corinthian reported they didn’t have enough cash flow and would have to close. 
That is exactly what would have hap-
pened. Unfortunately, the Department of Education kept the school afloat even after this, shoveling hundreds of millions of dollars to the failed Corin-thian company, allowing it to continue advertising and signing up students. At a point when private investors were jumping ship, the Department of Edu-cation was jumping in. Now, in a trans-action blessed by the Department of Education, most of the former Corin-thian campuses have been sold to ECMC. 
This is a corporation that has served 
historically as a debt collector for the Department of Education. This is one of the companies that goes after stu-dents when they are not paying their student loans. Now this debt collection agency is going to own one of these for- profit colleges, what is left of Corin-thian. 
We are told this new debt collection 
university will operate as a not-for- profit entity. That was enticing, and I thought, well, at least they are not in the for-profit world. Despite being a not-for-profit company in name at least, I am troubled that ECMC is al-ready—just weeks into owning and op-erating these schools—failing to live up to the promises they made to the stu-dents and to me. 
This is an example. I wrote ECMC’s 
head, David Hawn, in December, asking him to discontinue Corinthian’s use of mandatory arbitration clauses as part of the school’s enrollment agreement. What are these clauses? These clauses, signed by students, take away the rights of students to bring grievances before a court. And once students end up in arbitration proceedings, they find the rules stacked against them and in favor of the corporate players. 
The associations that represent not- 
for-profit schools have informed me that their member schools do not use 
these mandatory arbitration clauses. 
These clauses are essentially only used by companies in the for-profit college sector. I told Mr. Hawn if he was truly going to run a not-for-profit institu-tion, he should follow the clear model of nonprofit education—no mandatory arbitration clauses for students. 
In his response to me, Mr. Hawn cer-
tainly said the right thing. He told me that ECMC had ‘‘eliminated Corin-thian’s policy of binding mandatory ar-bitration.’’ 
The reason this is important is that 
if a student has been defrauded, and they signed one of these mandatory ar-bitration clauses, they can never get their case and their facts before an im-partial jury or judge. It is going to be decided in an arbitration hearing in-stead. 
Mr. Hawn summed up their policy 
and the issue as follows: 
Bottom line: We believe that students have 
an unquestioned right to seek redress for grievances, including the right to file a law-suit. We will not stand in the way of any stu-dent who wants to pursue litigation based on his or her personal experience. 
It couldn’t have been stated more 
clearly and better. It meant that this debt collection company that is taking over the failing for-profit school is say-ing that we are truly not-for-profit and we are truly going to play this on the square. If students feel they have been treated unfairly, they have every legal right to go to court so they do not end up with tens of thousands of debt be-cause we defrauded them. 
I felt pretty good about that re-
sponse. Well, then we read the fine print. We found out that ECMC uses a combination of carrots and sticks to try to keep students out of court. First, ECMC’s new enrollment docu-ment requires students to irrevocably waive their right to seek a trial by jury and waive their ability to join any class action lawsuit against the school. 
That isn’t what Mr. Hawn told me 
was going to happen. In other words, 
students who were wronged by ECMC have to challenge the school alone. They have to stand by themselves, and they can’t make a court case in front of a jury. 
Then there are carrots. ECMC’s en-
rollment agreement does everything it can to scare students into arbitration. They offer to pay half the cost of a stu-dent’s filing fee for arbitration if—and only if—the student waives his or her right to appeal the arbitrator’s deci-sion to court or bring a lawsuit against the school. And if a student dem-onstrates hardship, for example, be-cause the student is saddled with enor-mous student loan debt and no job, ECMC will offer to pay the entire arbi-tration filing fee but, again, only if the student will forfeit their right to bring a lawsuit, which means the arbitrator’s decision becomes binding. 
I see another colleague of mine on 
the floor, and I know she wants to make a statement, so I will wrap up here. Meanwhile, Corinthian executives 
seem to be off the hook. They have faded into obscurity. They took mil-lions of dollars in Federal subsidies, they lured students into worthless schools, and the students ended up with the debt and worthless diplomas. They falsified the results of their activities to the Federal Government. Then they basically went bankrupt, took their million dollar salaries, and faded away. What is left behind? How about all the students with all the debt for the worthless courses at the worthless school? 
That is the reality of the for-profit 
college industry, and Corinthian is ex-hibit A. It doesn’t appear that any prosecution of these individuals who ran Corinthian into the ditch is likely. They have literally taken their money, and they are off to some other pursuit. Maybe they are looking for some new Federal subsidy that can make them rich. But the former students are left with worthless educations and more debt than they can ever repay—stu-dents such as Dawn Thompson from my State of Illinois. 
Dawn has a parallel degree from Ev-
erest—part of Corinthian—but never ever could find a job in her field. She has over $100,000 in student loan debt to become a parallel. How about that? She has Federal and private loans. After graduating, she was working a min-imum-wage job now as a bank teller. She tried to file for bankruptcy a cou-ple of years ago and—you guessed it— student loan debt is not dischargeable in bankruptcy. Dawn, it is with you for your lifetime. It is one of the few debts that are not dischargeable. 
Dawn Thompson thought at that 
point her only option was to go back to school. She went back to Everest, the original school she went to. She thought that getting a master’s degree from Everest would make a difference. It did. Her student loan debt went from $100,000 to $170,000. She is still strug-gling to find a job. 
How can we stand by and let this 
happen? How can the Federal Govern-ment recognize these as real schools? How can we allow students to be misled into believing these are real colleges and universities? How can we continue to give these outrageous scandalous subsidies to these worthless companies where the CEOs are taking out millions of dollars? 
It is time for us to do something 
about this. Shame on us if we sit here and make speeches about how bad the deficit is and how much we care about struggling students and ignore the ob-vious. For-profit colleges and univer-sities as an industry are basically an industry that needs to be thoroughly investigated, carefully monitored, and most of their players need to go out of business—and not at the expense of the students. 
We are talking about 10 percent of 
students, 20 percent of the Federal aid to education, and 44 percent of student loan defaults from for-profit colleges 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.008 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1456 March 12, 2015 
and universities. It is time for the Sen-
ate, when it reauthorizes the Higher Education Act, to change this. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor today to talk about what I believe may be one of the most critical pieces of legislation to address human trafficking in the United States, and that is the piece of legisla-tion authored by Senator L
EAHY —the 
Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of this 
legislation and to add my name to the amendment Senator L
EAHY submitted 
yesterday that adds this important piece of legislation to this current de-bate. 
Senator L
EAHY , as we all know, has 
been a tireless advocate for homeless and runaway youth and for LGBT indi-viduals and for victims of human traf-ficking. His bill would provide the nec-essary services and additional protec-tions for all of these young children. So I thank Senator L
EAHY again for his 
continued work on behalf of some of our most vulnerable—our runaway and homeless youth. 
As a former attorney general, I cer-
tainly believe that additional tools need to be made available to prosecu-tors so they can prosecute traffickers and johns and that we need to inter-vene and provide recovery services for victims. I think that need has never been greater. But why I am speaking today on this legislation is because it goes to that critical element of preven-tion. It supports those who are most susceptible to human trafficking, and that is our runaway and homeless youth. 
Preventing one of the most vulner-
able segments of our population from falling prey to this modern-day slavery should be one of the top priorities of this Nation. When we talk about traf-ficking, frequently people think these are young girls who may be coming into our country in containers or are trafficked from elsewhere. But we know that over 80 percent of the people trafficked, especially in the sex trade in this country, are citizens of our country. They are our children. They are American children. So we cannot simply put a face on this that doesn’t recognize that American children are being trafficked. 
Who among these children are the 
most vulnerable? It is runaway and homeless youth. So it is our responsi-bility to do everything we can to pre-
vent those children from being in a place where they are extraordinarily vulnerable. 
We have heard some people say they 
do not believe that homeless and run-away youth are more susceptible to being trafficked and that we shouldn’t single out special services for LGBT youth. I don’t believe that, and I know better, because I have been to facilities that provide services for runaway and homeless youth. I don’t believe people who say this have ever spoken to the social workers and the professionals who deal with these children every day. 
I don’t believe people who say that 
understand that runaway and homeless youth, unfortunately, have been, more than likely, already sexually and phys-ically abused or told every day they are worthless or told that because of who they are, they are no longer wel-come in their home. And when you di-minish the spirit of a child, you then create a vulnerability in that child to be a target for traffickers. 
A lot of people also think this is just 
a big-city problem. Well, let me tell you some of the stories of North Da-kota. Just last June, a 13-year-old run-away from Minneapolis was rescued and her traffickers were arrested in Fargo-Moorhead. Police believe the traffickers were more than likely on their way out to our oil patch with the victim, and they stopped over in Fargo- Moorhead to make a little cash by sell-ing these children in the Fargo-Moor-head area. This is a story we hear over and over again—the vulnerability of children, the trafficking of children into the oil patch in western North Da-kota. 
In fact, talking to the experts who 
track advertising of young children, whether it is in the deep or dark Net or whether it is in things such as backpage, they will tell you the spike in trafficking and ads in western North Dakota alarms them and should alarm us. So this is not a big-city problem. We know this is a problem that affects North Dakota. If traffickers are willing to snatch up a runaway in the Twin Cities and bring them out to North Da-kota, you can be sure they are trying to prey on this vulnerable population in North Dakota as well. 
This is personal for me. I know a lot 
about this topic because my sister works in this area, and I have spent a lot of time with her staff. They are the largest agency in North Dakota serving runaway and homeless youth popu-lations in Fargo-Moorhead. I have heard stories of how vulnerable these children are. I have heard them tell stories about how the trafficking vic-tims, with whom they have already worked, are sometimes recruited by those bold enough to try to cycle through waiting rooms where they are waiting for these kids. 
I have heard the stories of guys wait-
ing just down the block or in parking lots of shelters to snatch up these kids. Also I have heard stories of how once a young child is involved in this, they 
then become recruiters of other young runaway children. 
These stories are why it is so impera-
tive to take action. And we can take action here in the Senate. We can take 
action by taking up the Runaway and Homeless Youth Trafficking Preven-tion Act. This bill reauthorizes vital programs that provide short-term shel-ter for youth who do not have a place to sleep—imagine that: youth, our chil-dren, do not have a place to sleep; cri-sis interventions and referrals to youth on the street and at drop-in centers—a hand up: we will take you and we will help you recover from whatever has happened in your life; long-term resi-dential services; training and edu-cation; and employment support to help get these kids off the street and permanently provide a safe and secure path forward. 
Importantly, this bill makes sure 
that LGTB runaway and homeless youth are not discriminated against when it comes to providing resources and services. We can have an opinion about this, but we all know that no human should be subjected to those 
kinds of conditions, and we must do ev-erything we can to help them seek and receive the same services as any other child. 
By ensuring that runaway and home-
less youth have a safe place to stay and the resources they need, we can stem the tide of human trafficking in our country. By identifying vulnerable youth early and as effectively as pos-sible, we can reduce the number of child sex trafficking victims by pre-venting them from becoming victims in the first place. 
We can and we must do everything in 
our power to not only identify, pros-ecute, and help victims recover, we must do everything we can to prevent human trafficking. We can take a huge step forward on that by focusing atten-tion and resources on our runaway and homeless youth population. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 178, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.009 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1457 March 12, 2015 
A bill (S. 178) to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
Pending: 
Portman amendment No. 270, to amend the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services sys-tems to improve the identification and as-sessment of child victims of sex trafficking. 
Portman amendment No. 271, to amend the 
definition of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth. 
Vitter amendment No. 284 (to amendment 
No. 271), to amend section 301 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to clarify those classes of individuals born in the United States who are nationals and citizens of the United States at birth. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the courtesy from the distin-guished Republican leader, Senator C
ORNYN , in letting me go forward for a 
few moments. 
I would like to note that the execu-
tive director of the Vermont Coalition of Runaway & Homeless Youth Pro-grams—a group I know well for the im-portant work they have done—wrote to me yesterday to express the concern of the coalition and to express their sup-port for the Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act and encourage us to put aside our dif-ferences and work together to support those in need. 
He wrote: 
Difference of opinion and the deliberative 
role of the Senate is part of what makes our democracy strong, but sometimes unity of purpose should prevail, particularly in ef-forts involving protections for the most vul-nerable among us. There should be no doubt that legislation involving the well-being of individuals who have been victimized by the most base of human behavior should be free of partisan wrangling. I . . . encourage your efforts to remove partisan language from the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act in an effort to ensure that the Act and the Run-away and Homeless Youth amendment that Senator Collins and you introduced [will] move forward unimpeded. 
I believe that reflects the views of 
Vermonters of all political stripes. 
I know the distinguished Senator 
from Texas and I and others want to help these greatly abused and aban-doned children, and I hope we can con-tinue to work to find a way forward. 
I yield the floor, and I thank the Sen-
ator for his courtesy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to engage in a col-loquy with my colleagues—the Senator from Illinois, the Senator from Ohio, and I think we are going to be joined by the Senator from South Dakota and perhaps others. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, before I 
turn to Senator P
ORTMAN , I would like 
to put up a quote from one of the lead-ers of the anti-trafficking movement, the Coalition Against Trafficking in Women, who expresses my sentiments exactly, my frustration over a partisan filibuster of a piece of legislation 
which has enjoyed broad bipartisan support and how somehow partisanship has infected what should be a bipar-
tisan commitment to helping the vic-tims of human trafficking. She says, ‘‘Senate Democrats are choosing a phantom problem over real victims.’’ I think that expresses the facts and cer-tainly my sentiment. 
I want to turn to the Senator from 
Ohio first, who has been one of the leaders in this effort. He has offered an important piece of legislation which has already been incorporated in the bill which perhaps he will talk about but also has some additional amend-ments that I know he would like to get a chance to get a vote on to further im-prove the bill—in particular, his provi-sion Bringing Missing Children Home Act with Senator S
CHUMER , the Sen-
ator from New York, which is already in the base bill, and then with Senator F
EINSTEIN , the Senator from Cali-
fornia—they offered the Combat Human Trafficking Act, which is al-ready included in the base bill. 
So with that, I would yield to the 
Senator from Ohio for any remarks he would care to make, and then perhaps we could engage in a colloquy with our colleagues. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I thank my colleague 
from Texas. I thank him for his leader-ship on this legislation, along with Senator K
LOBUCHAR and others, in 
bringing this to the floor. Senator G
RASSLEY , the chair of the committee, 
is with us. I appreciate the fact that these two bills which we have worked on over the last few years are included in the legislation the Senator men-tioned. 
Sadly, some of the most vulnerable 
youth are those who are missing or are in foster care, kids who end up being, unfortunately, exposed to human traf-ficking, sometimes sexual trafficking. So the idea of the missing children leg-islation is really very simple. It says: Let’s help find these children as quick-ly as possible by having better infor-mation on them. 
I will give one example of that. In 
Ohio we have had 71 kids who have gone missing since January 1. These are 71 children who are out there some-where—minors. For those 71 children, we only have 22 photographs. This is since January 1. One thing this legisla-tion does is it says: Let’s get the data, including photographs, so all of us can have an opportunity to find these young people before they become sub-ject to human trafficking. 
In Ohio we, unfortunately, have this 
issue in all of our regions, including in some of our smaller communities as well as our bigger urban centers where we have sex trafficking. They say the average age of children who are getting involved in this is between 11 and 13 years old. 
We have talked a lot on the floor 
over the last several days. I have been out here talking about these issues. These are the most vulnerable among us. These are crimes against children. This is in the bill, and if we can pass 
this legislation, getting this additional information and better awareness and training of child welfare agency offi-cials and better training for law en-forcement is all part of this. 
The other legislation the Senator 
mentioned is about increasing the pen-alties on those who are involved in trafficking. That is important because we haven’t had a major bill on this for 15 years, and we have learned a lot in this process. What we have learned is there are better ways to give prosecu-tors and other law enforcement the tools they need to be able to take these cases, prosecute them, and stop this heinous crime. 
There are some really good provi-
sions in this legislation that I have 
worked on, on a bipartisan basis. As was said, one is with Senator F
EINSTEIN  
with regard to increasing the penalties, and the other piece of legislation is with Senator S
CHUMER on bringing 
children home. There are also a couple of amendments we would love to offer. In fact, we offered them, but we haven’t been able to get votes on them because this week we haven’t moved forward on the legislation. 
I would urge my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle to allow us to move forward with the process. Let’s go ahead and start having votes. There might be disagreements on some parts of the bill. I thought because it had gotten out of committee by a unani-mous vote that there wouldn’t be dis-agreements, but if there are, let’s have that discussion and debate. Let’s not let the most vulnerable among us wait for us to work this out. Let’s move for-ward on this legislation in a way that allows everybody to have their views heard. 
Some of the legislation I talked 
about comes out of meeting with folks back home on this issue and talking to victims who have been through this horrible process and gone through the very difficult process of recovering from it. Some of the amendments we are going to offer would help with re-gard to that issue, help to respond to these young people—often children— who are involved in this. 
It also comes out of the work that 
has been done right here in the Senate through a caucus we formed about 2
1⁄2 
years ago. Senator B LUMENTHAL and I 
cofounded this caucus, we cochair it, and we meet every month and bring people in from around the country who are experts on this issue. Some are ex-perts on child welfare, law enforce-ment, people who are involved in try-ing to stop this. Others are experts be-cause, unfortunately, they found them-selves in very difficult situations. Among others, some have come for-ward and talked about how as a young girl they were taken in by a trafficker. Increasingly—this is true in Ohio, un-fortunately—drug abuse is part of this, so they become dependent on the traf-ficker. It is, to me, a form of bondage because these are young people who be-come addicted. In Ohio it is typically 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.012 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1458 March 12, 2015 
heroin now. So it is keeping these 
young people trapped in this depend-ency. The drug treatment and the drug recovery are tough, but so is the recov-ery from having been trafficked. 
This is an opportunity for us to take 
the information we have received through this caucus we have formed. I think the Members who are involved in that caucus, including the Members here today, would agree it has been a good experience for our staff and for us to raise the awareness and conscious-ness on this issue. Now we have taken some of this information and put it in this legislation. Let’s get it passed. We will have plenty of time for politics around here, trust me. We will have lots of that next week and the week after and over the next couple years. That is part of the process; we under-stand that. But there are certain issues where we should be able to move for-ward on not a bipartisan basis but I would say on a nonpartisan basis, and this is one of them. 
I thank my colleague from Texas for 
allowing me to speak briefly and my colleagues from South Dakota and Illi-nois who are here to talk about this issue. 
My hope is that even today we can 
begin the process of having votes, mov-ing forward with amendments, and get-ting this good work done to help the most vulnerable among us. 
Mr. CORNYN. Briefly, I thank the 
Senator from Ohio for his leadership on these issues. He has worked hard and long to address them and to bring us to the point where we are today. 
I wish to emphasize one point the 
Senator made at the beginning, and that is that the average age of the peo-ple who are targeted for human traf-ficking are girls between the ages of 12 and 14. So this is a very vulnerable part of our country. I know we get wrapped around the axle up here about proce-dure, about politics, about a lot of dif-ferent issues, but we ought to keep our focus on them, on the victims, these children, these girls who are the hap-less victims of these pimps and johns and other people who make money sell-ing their bodies. We ought to be trying to figure out what can we do to help them. They are the ones who will be the real losers. We get so balled up around here because of all of the polit-ical maneuvers, we take our eye off the ball. That is why our friends at the Co-alition Against Trafficking in Women talked about a phantom problem over real victims. The focus should be on the victims. 
The phantom problem—the shiny ob-
ject they are trying to hold up and re-litigate—is something that has been the law of the land since 1976. It has been included in a lot of pieces of legis-lation they voted for. This is a phony diversion from what should be our real focus, which should be the victims. 
I wish to turn to the Senator from Il-
linois who has also been a leader on this issue. He has been a warrior in dealing with people who run some of these Web sites, backpage.com in par-
ticular. My friend is also trying to fig-ure out a way to integrate some of our veterans who are leaving military serv-ice to lead the investigation of these crimes. 
I turn to the Senator from Illinois for 
any comments he cares to make. 
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I thank the 
Senator from Texas for moving this legislation, especially including the text of the HERO Act, S. 575, which is bipartisan, thanks to the help of Sen-ator B
LUMENTHAL , that would also have 
us find wounded warriors to search on the Internet to find these exploiters. 
With the amendment I was trying to 
offer earlier this week on the SAVE Act, I intended to go after backpage.com, which is the largest pro-vider of slavery-related services in the country. They make about $30 million a year off of slavery. We really ought to be able to charge them to clean up the mess they have created. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Illinois. His focus is exactly where we ought to be having our focus, which is how to take the profit out of this modern-day slavery and redirect it to help the victims, and that is what this bill does. It ends some of the impunity that some of these pur-veyors of human flesh—the rewards they are reaping—and plows it back in to help the victims. I know the SAVE Act has been a particular focus for the Senator from Illinois. 
Earlier I talked to Senator F
EIN-
STEIN , the Senator from California, 
about this issue. She is very concerned about how the Internet is becoming in-tegrated as part of the business model of some of these perpetrators of this crime. 
I am also told—and the Senator from 
Illinois may be aware of this—that vet-erans will participate. 
Mr. KIRK. Under the HERO Act, we 
have ICE hiring veterans to get on the Internet to find some of the slave deal-ers online. 
We should thread the needle very 
carefully when it comes to matters such as backpage.com. Under the Com-munications Decency Act, freedom in America does not mean you have the freedom to enslave others. 
With the victory in the Civil War— 
and I apologize to the Senator from Texas for mentioning it—we have es-tablished the real principle of the ever expanding rule of freedom here in the United States and that does not in-clude human slavery empowered by the Internet. 
Mr. CORNYN. I thank the Senator 
from Illinois, and I take no offense for talking about the fact that the South lost the Civil War. 
Mr. KIRK. I believe a recent state-
ment by my colleague referred to it as the recent unpleasantness. 
Mr. CORNYN. I hold the Senate seat 
that was first held by Senator Sam Houston who actually resigned his seat as Governor of Texas rather than par-ticipate in secession. He was a Union man and believed in the Union. I know the Senator from Illinois has 
worked very hard on a bipartisan basis with Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , the Senator 
from Connecticut, and others on this 
legislation, and that is why I find this situation so baffling. What has been a uniquely bipartisan effort has now turned into a partisan filibuster and, frankly, I am perplexed by that. Maybe some of our friends on the other side of the aisle will come out and explain why they are filibustering the bill they voted for in the Judiciary Committee. We had a unanimous vote in the Judici-ary Committee. We had 10 Democratic cosponsors. Yet the Democratic leader, Senator R
EID, now says they will not 
allow a vote on any amendments and they are going to kill this bill because they don’t want to vote for a bill that has a provision they have voted for time and time again, and indeed has been the law of the land for 39 years. 
I thank the Senator from Illinois. We are joined by the Senator from 
South Dakota who is head of our Re-publican conference and has been very concerned about the dysfunction in this place. We actually saw this legis-lation as an opportunity to start dem-onstrating that we can do the people’s business once again after coming off of a very tough election—tougher for our Democratic friends than it was for our side of the aisle. It was an election where voter after voter said they were sick and tired of the dysfunction here. We want to show we can be responsive to the needs of the most vulnerable people in our country. 
I yield to the Senator from South Da-
kota for any comments he cares to make. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Texas for his leader-ship on this issue, as well as the Sen-ator from Iowa, Mr. G
RASSLEY , for 
moving this legislation to the floor. 
As the Senator from Texas—who has 
authored and been involved with this legislation for a long time—knows, if there was ever an issue we have dealt with here in the Senate that goes be-yond the line of partisan politics, it is this. We are talking about untold sto-ries of thousands of American children and adults who are sold into modern- day slavery. Those stories are bone chilling and undeniably some of the most deplorable acts of humankind. 
What the Senator from Texas’ bill is 
designed to do is to start attacking this issue in a way we have not seen for a very long time. It gives law enforce-ment the tools in order to target these traffickers, bring them to justice, and provides the tools that are necessary to help restore the lives of the victims of these heinous crimes. 
It is interesting to me that we are 
where we are. This is clearly a bipar-tisan issue. My understanding is when this bill was marked up, debated, and voted on in the Judiciary Committee, it came out unanimously. In other words, all the Democrats on the com-mittee voted for it. Is that correct? Is that the way it proceeded from the Ju-diciary Committee? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.013 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1459 March 12, 2015 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I will 
respond to my friend from South Da-kota to say he is absolutely correct, which is one reason I am so perplexed we find ourselves where we are today. 
We have 10 cosponsors from the 
Democratic side for this underlying bill which was filed on January 13. It was marked up in the Judiciary Com-mittee a month later and got a unani-mous vote. I will add to that, in re-sponse to my friend’s question, we also saw something we have not seen here in a long time on the Senate floor, and that is an agreement by all 100 Sen-ators that we would proceed to con-sider this bill and begin the amend-ment and debate process without hav-ing to jump through all of the proce-dural hoops we traditionally have to do on cloture motions and the like. 
What happened a couple of days ago 
when apparently some of our friends woke up and found out about this issue—what has been called a phantom problem—is very disturbing. 
Mr. THUNE. My understanding is the 
bill itself is approximately 68 pages long. Is that correct? 
Mr. CORNYN. I will say to my friend 
that he is correct. That includes the strikeout provisions of the substitute, so actually the text is roughly half of that. 
The provisions our friends across the 
aisle suddenly woke up and discov-ered—apparently a couple of days ago— were written in plain sight and incor-porate by reference a bill they voted for, which was the last appropriations bill we voted for in the lameduck ses-sion. 
Mr. THUNE. This bill was filed on 
what date? 
Mr. CORNYN. On January 13, I say to 
my friend. 
Mr. THUNE. When was it marked up 
at the committee level? 
Mr. CORNYN. I say to my friend, it 
was marked up or passed out of the Ju-diciary Committee roughly a month later. 
Mr. THUNE. This legislation has 
been here in the Senate for weeks or months. 
Mr. CORNYN. Months. Mr. THUNE. It is 68 pages long. It 
was introduced back in January. It was reported out unanimously. All the Democrats on the committee voted for it when it left the Judiciary Com-mittee. When it was brought up on the floor of the Senate, all 100 Senators, in-cluding every single Democrat, voted to get on this bill. 
All of a sudden, here at the 11th hour, 
we are being held up on a piece of legis-lation that clearly has unanimous sup-port, or at least I thought should have had unanimous support. They are now objecting because of the language in this legislation. Evidently it is only 68 pages long, which is not a lot to read. 
ObamaCare was obviously a story 
where it was argued that after it was passed, we had to figure out what was in it, but that was several thousand pages long. This is a 68-page bill. When the bill was filed, there was an 
opportunity for people to look at this when the bill went to markup. Count-less staffers and Members of Congress have looked at and read this legisla-tion. Now all of a sudden—at the 11th hour—there is an objection because there is language included in this bill which was voted on by 55 Democrats as recently as December. Is that correct? Was there a spending bill that came out of the Congress in December of 2014? 
Mr. CORNYN. I say to my friend that 
was the so-called CRomnibus. It was the continuing resolution omnibus bill that passed in November during the lameduck session and it included the same or very similar language. It was actually incorporated by reference into the Justice for Victims of Trafficking bill. It is the same language our Demo-cratic friends voted for then, and now they are complaining about it being in this bill for no apparent reason. 
Mr. THUNE. Is it correct that that 
particular provision, referred to as the Hyde amendment, has been a part of spending bills dating back to 1976? So for literally 40 years the Hyde amend-ment language has been included in bills we have passed here, particularly bills that are appropriations bills and spending and funding bills? 
Mr. CORNYN. I say to my friend from 
South Dakota, he is exactly correct. This has been the law of the land for 39 years. This is an area that has been very controversial—that is abortion, generally—and this has been a rare area of bipartisan consensus that no tax dollars be used to fund abortion. 
Again, this is a red herring and a 
phantom problem, as it has been re-ferred to here, and I can’t believe our friends on the other side would throw their staff under the bus who were re-sponsible to bring this language in the legislation to their attention, and I can’t believe they would throw the vic-tims who will benefit from this bill under the bus and say they should have to pay the price for this phantom prob-lem they discovered. To me it is not plausible. It doesn’t make any sense whatsoever. 
Mr. THUNE. I say to my colleague 
from Texas, again, who has been so in-strumental in getting this to the floor, that a 68-page bill is certainly read-able. They have had several months to look at and read it. When a bill is re-ported out of a committee, it means it has been analyzed, looked at, and open to debate and amendments, and it came out unanimously. Every Demo-crat voted for it. They voted for a pro-vision that literally has been a matter of policy and law in this country dat-ing back to 1976 and was voted on as re-cently as December of last year. 
We had 55 Democrats in this Chamber 
who voted for this language—very similar language—in December of last year and now they are objecting to a piece of legislation they reported out unanimously in the Judiciary Com-mittee which does something to stop the brutal violation of the innocent in 
this country, and they are objecting to it over this language. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, if I 
could interject. The Senator from South Dakota is exactly right. I will add to that that not only does this enjoy broad bipartisan support within the Senate and Congress, we have more than 200 law enforcement and victim rights organizations that have en-dorsed this bill and they are begging us to pass it. 
One of those groups includes the Coa-
lition Against Trafficking in Women. They know we need to focus on not only taking the profit out of this crime but, just as importantly, we need to get the services to the victims to begin to let them heal and get on with their lives. 
As we said earlier, these are typically 
young girls who are 12 to 14 years of age. Can you imagine the scars, both physical and psychological, they bear having experienced this terrible crime? 
Every day we delay in getting this 
bill passed because of the political she-nanigans here is another day these vic-tims of this terrible crime are denied access to the services they need. 
Mr. THUNE. If they survive, imagine 
how messed up some of these young victims are going to be for the rest of their lives. We have an opportunity to 
do something about it. 
The Democratic leader has described 
this as a sleight of hand. That is not what this is. This is a clear choice. This is a clear choice by Democrats to choose partisan politics over the vic-tims of human trafficking. It is as sim-
ple as that. 
I urge my Democratic colleagues to 
stop—stop the partisan politics, stop derailing this important opportunity to come together in a spirit of biparti-sanship to end human trafficking. Put-ting partisan politics over the lives of 100,000 American children who fall vic-tim to the brutal reality of human trafficking every year is absolutely wrong. 
To quote our distinguished colleague 
from the State of Maryland, Senator M
IKULSKI : ‘‘Let’s get it done and let’s 
get it done now.’’ 
I would say to my colleague from 
Texas, life is too precious. These crimes are too serious for this issue to be caught up in the crosshairs of Wash-ington politics. This has to stop. This has to end. 
This is a piece of bipartisan legisla-
tion that will help literally hundreds of thousands—millions, I would say—of Americans across this country. It is time we begin to right the wrongs of injustice by turning the tide in law en-forcement’s favor to help those who are trying to combat these terrible, hei-nous crimes to succeed and to help the victims of these crimes restore their lives. 
I appreciate the good work of the 
Senator from Texas and others who have been involved with this. 
I urge my colleagues to end this she-
nanigan, this charade that is going on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.014 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1460 March 12, 2015 
before the Senate. Let’s get this bill 
passed and on the President’s desk. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, how 
much time remains in our time? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
no time limit. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I wish 
to express my gratitude to the Senator from South Dakota. 
We have neglected perhaps the most 
important person in this process; that is, the Senator from Iowa, the chair-man of the Judiciary Committee, who responded to a letter written by all 20 female Senators, asking him to have a hearing on this important topic and to move this bill forward. 
The Senator from South Dakota 
mentioned Senator M
IKULSKI . She 
came to testify, along with Senator A
YOTTE from New Hampshire and Sen-
ator K LOBUCHAR , and she talked about 
how important this was to all 20 of our women Senators and how proud they were of the fact that it moved forward. It wouldn’t have happened without the Senator from Iowa, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, willing to take that challenge up and to move the bill to the floor in such a unanimous fashion. 
I wish to close by saying that all 
Members of the Senate presumably came here to try to do something im-portant—not just to march in place or fill up space. Presumably, they spend the time away from their families, they go through the rigors of political campaigns, they suffer the slings and arrows of partisan politics in order to try to do something good, to try to help people who cannot help them-selves. 
Here is a perfect opportunity to do 
exactly that. We are not asking people to do anything extraordinary. We are certainly not asking them to do any-thing they haven’t done before, which is to vote on language that is included and has been the law of the land for 39 years and that they have voted on be-fore. We are not asking to change the status quo. We are just asking them to focus on the victims. 
As Ms. Gaetan, who is with the Coali-
tion Against Trafficking in Women, said: ‘‘Senate Democrats are choosing a phantom problem over real victims.’’ 
Shame on us if we allow that to hap-
pen. Shame on us. We can do better. These victims deserve better. The peo-ple we work for in the 50 States around this country deserve better. Shame on us if we don’t get this problem solved and if we don’t pass this piece of bipar-tisan legislation and get it to the President’s desk where he will gladly sign it. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
H
ELLER ). The Senator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, our Re-
publican colleagues say they are here fighting for women. If that were the case, then they wouldn’t have snuck into this bill a provision that hurts women. It is not just me saying this; it is a story in the Washington Post. I ask unanimous consent to have this article 
printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, Mar. 10, 2015] 
ANTI-HUMAN -TRAFFICKING BILLGETSCAUGHT  
UPI NABORTION POLITICS IN SENATE  
(By Mike DeBonis) 
Proving that there is virtually no issue 
that cannot get mired in partisan combat, an anti-human trafficking bill now under Sen-ate consideration is in limbo after Demo-crats accused Republicans of sneaking anti- abortion language into the legislation before it hit the Senate floor. 
The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, 
authored by Sen. John Cornyn (R-Tex.) and sporting a bipartisan stable of cosponsors, was supposed to be a turn toward comity after a couple of contentious weeks on Cap-itol Hill. What’s not to like about a bill that would increase penalties for those convicted of slavery, human smuggling and sexual ex-ploitation of children and provide for addi-tional compensation for their victims? 
On Monday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch 
McConnell (R-Ky.) and Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) locked arms in calling on their colleagues to support the measure. ‘‘I doubt if there will be problems on my side,’’ Reid said, according to The Hill. ‘‘If there is, I will work to clear them.’’ 
But by midday Tuesday, the good feelings 
had eroded into a bout of finger-pointing, with Senate Democrats accusing Repub-licans of subterfuge in slipping language into the bill that would extend the longstanding Hyde Amendment barring the use of tax-payer funds for abortions to the new Domes-tic Trafficking Victims’ Fund. 
The word ‘‘abortion’’ does not appear in 
the trafficking bill, but there is language specifying that the victims’ fund ‘‘shall be subject to the limitations on the use or ex-pending of amounts described in sections 506 and 507 of division H of the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act, 2014 . . . to the same extent as if amounts in the Fund were funds appro-priated under division H of such Act.’’ 
That would apply the Hyde Amendment 
language to the new fund, which is supported by a proposed $5,000 assessment on those con-victed of a wide variety of federal crimes re-lated to sexual abuse and human trafficking. 
Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.) accused Re-
publicans of ‘‘trying to pull a fast one’’ in in-serting the abortion provision. Two Demo-cratic leaders, Richard Durbin (D-Ill.) and Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), both said Democrats had been advised that it was not among the changes made to the bill since it was taken up last year by a Democratic-con-trolled Senate. Earlier in the day, Sen. Pat-rick Leahy (D-Vt.), ranking member of the committee that unanimously forwarded the bill, said Judiciary Committee Democrats were ‘‘assured’’ the provision was not in-cluded. 
In an early January e-mail reviewed by the 
Post, a Republican Judiciary Committee staffer sent a Democratic staffer a summary of changes to the previous version of the bill, in seven bullet points. The abortion provi-sion was not among them. 
‘‘This bill will not be used as an oppor-
tunity for Republicans to double down on their efforts to restrict a woman’s health- care choices,’’ Murray said. ‘‘It is absolutely wrong and, honestly, it is shameful. I know there are a whole lot of us who are going to fight hard against any attempt to expand the Hyde Amendment and permanently impact women’s health.’’ 
But Republican leaders—including Cornyn, 
the majority whip—pushed back on the no-tion that the abortion language represented 
any kind of subterfuge. A Cornyn aide sug-gested that Democrats knew very well about the language before the committee vote—in-cluding, the aide said, Leahy staffers—and thus were being ‘‘disingenuous.’’ 
‘‘It was out in the public domain for a 
month before it was marked up in Judiciary Committee on Feb. 26, and all members of the Judiciary Committee voted to support it,’’ Cornyn said. ‘‘So that leads me to be-lieve that some of the suggestions being made now that there were provisions in the legislation that people didn’t know about are simply untrue. That presupposes that none of their staff briefed the senators on what was in the legislation, that nobody read a 68- page bill and that senators would vote for a bill, much less co-sponsor it, without reading it and knowing what’s in it. None of that strikes me as plausible.’’ 
Republicans and Democrats are also spar-
ring about the impact of the abortion lan-guage. Adam Jentleson, a spokesman for Reid, called it a ‘‘significant expansion of the scope of the Hyde amendment’’ by apply-ing it to fees and fines, not just taxpayer funds. He also said the rider in the traf-ficking bill would be permanent—unlike the Hyde Amendment, which must be contin-ually attached to each year’s appropria-tions—and thus ‘‘could lead to a dramatic expansion of abortion restrictions in future years.’’ 
Cornyn took to the Senate floor late Tues-
day to rebut that notion, noting that the 2009 health reform law included a similar re-striction. ‘‘Democrats have supported legis-lation consistent with the Hyde Amendment for a long, long time,’’ he said. ‘‘My hope is this: that members of the United States Sen-ate will rise above this—this agreement, this posturing, this attempt to try to play gotcha at the expense of these victims of human 
trafficking.’’ 
Reid said debate would continue Wednes-
day on the bill, and a Democratic aide sug-gested the tiff could be overcome if McCon-nell allows a vote on an amendment remov-ing the abortion language from the bill—an amendment that is likely to fail. 
‘‘You can blame it on staff, blame it on 
whoever you want to blame it on, but we didn’t know it was in the bill,’’ Reid said. ‘‘And . . . this bill will not come off this floor as long as that language is in the bill.’’ 
Mrs. BOXER. The article states in 
part: 
In an early January e-mail reviewed by the 
Post, a Republican Judiciary Committee staffer sent a Democratic staffer a summary of changes to the previous version of the bill, in seven bullet points. 
Guess what. They left out the change 
they made to women’s reproductive health. 
Now, I have been around here a long 
time and I thought there was trust in this body, but don’t stand up and say it is a phantom problem when the Wash-ington Post confirms it. They have the email that proves this change was made and was not told to the Demo-crats on the committee. If it had been told to the Democrats on the com-mittee, we would have worked this out. 
If they want to fight for women, take 
the provision out that harms the vic-tims of trafficking. If they want to help women, bring up Loretta Lynch for confirmation—a fantastic woman, qualified—held up by the Republicans longer than any other Attorney Gen-eral nominee ever. If they want to help women, those are two ways to do it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.016 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1461 March 12, 2015 
Solve this problem. Don’t stand up 
and say it is a phantom problem when the Washington Post saw the email. 
We know the bill before us has an ex-
tremely worthy goal. We want to help victims of human trafficking. I wish to ask rhetorically, How does it help women who have been brutally traf-ficked when we don’t let them access their legal right to end a pregnancy that resulted from their enslavement? A woman is enslaved. She becomes pregnant. Shouldn’t she have the abil-ity to get the same kind of health care as any other woman? But, no, in this bill, they say she can’t use that vic-tims compensation fund for that legal right. 
Republicans are doing this all over 
the place. They attached immigration to the homeland security bill. They are threatening to attach the Keystone Pipeline to a highway bill. Now they include abortion in a human traf-ficking bill. And then they tell us we are seeing phantom problems? I don’t think so. They have been in charge for more than 8 weeks and all we see is them taking hostage after hostage after hostage legislatively to get their way on their philosophy. 
Roe v. Wade is the law of the land. If 
they don’t like it, why don’t they just propose doing away with it. Let’s have that out. This bill singles out and hurts vulnerable women—women who have been the victims of a heinous crime. Women who face deplorable conditions, ripped out of their homes, taken advan-tage of, treated brutally, women who many times are forced into pregnancy by their captors, and in an unprece-dented manner, because of sneaking this language into this bill, the bill im-poses abortion restrictions on private funds—private funds that have been collected from the criminals and the perpetrators of these unspeakable acts. 
Don’t these women deserve better? 
Shouldn’t these victims have access to services that are guaranteed to them by the Constitution? 
My friends on the other side don’t 
like it. They want to tell women what to do. They want to get into the most personal decisions that women and their families make. Let them do that for their families. But if they want to change the law of the land, Roe v. Wade, and tell women they are crimi-nals—and doctors, make them crimi-nals too—then why don’t they just have the courage to bring it to the floor directly, not sneak it into a bill and have the staffers write a note to their colleagues saying, Oh, they are silent. Oh, we didn’t do anything on that. Oh, no. 
I will tell my colleagues there is one 
advantage to being around here for a long time. One has a sense of what used to be decent around here, when one’s word was one’s word and one’s bond was one’s bond. Thank goodness we have proof. We have proof that the Re-publicans left this out of a memo in which they told the Judiciary Com-mittee the changes that were made. We have proof. Don’t call this a phantom 
problem because we have it in writing. 
This is a clear path of injecting these 
unrelated, extremely politically charged provisions into key pieces of legislation. I have not seen it. We used to have a little bit of an understanding around here that if we agreed on a piece of legislation, we would keep out the poison pills. We wouldn’t put them into bills, whether they were written by Democrats or Republicans. We know at the end of the day what happens. Ev-erybody gets hurt because nothing gets done. If this is the new way it is going to be around here, it is a bad way for the people. 
We should be working on a bill that 
protects the victims of the most hei-nous crime: human trafficking. We should be protecting our society’s most vulnerable people and making sure they are not denied their rights. The Republican provision that was added in secret and tried to be kept quiet would hurt every single woman we are trying to help. They inserted language that was not in the same bill last year that was supported by Democrats and Re-publicans. They added the new lan-guage quietly, hoping nobody would notice, and then we would all march down there—I put my name on this bill, by the way, because my staff trusted the Republican staff when they said there wasn’t any change in abor-tion language. How awful it was for my staff that they said to me, Senator, we feel terrible. We took their word. So I got my name off this bill. 
Why on Earth would anyone want to 
single out these victims of human traf-ficking and take away their constitu-tional rights? 
At least own up to it, I say to my Re-
publican friends. They got caught. We have the email. Don’t get up here and say it is a phantom problem. Don’t make these speeches about how Demo-crats want to hurt women, when they put a poison pill in the bill, hurt the very women they say they want to pro-tect, did it in secret, and then call us out for it as if we are doing something wrong. 
The American people were not born 
yesterday. They are pretty darn smart. If I stopped one of them on the street— I don’t care if they are a Republican or Democrat or what their view is on abortion—and I said to them: If a friend tells you they have made no changes to a letter you asked them to write, and you took their word for it and signed the letter and later found out there was something in that letter that they knew would hurt you, would you be angry, they would probably say: I don’t even want to deal with that per-son anymore; they can’t be trusted. 
One thing I have learned around here 
is your word is your bond, and the rela-tionships we have with one another across the aisle are precious. They are important. 
So let’s not make these phony argu-
ments. Let’s fix the problem. Let’s re-move this offending language. Let’s come together, for once. Let’s pass a 
bill that helps these victims. 
Then my colleague says: Well, all the 
groups want this bill anyway. Let me quote from one of them, the Polaris Project: ‘‘The bipartisan support to ad-dress modern slavery should not be held up by a separate debate on par-tisan issues.’’ 
That is a direct quote. If ever there was a partisan issue, it 
is the right to choose. That is a par-tisan issue. 
Then there is a letter from the Na-
tional Network For Youth: ‘‘This legis-lation is desperately needed and we cannot let this moment pass us by be-cause of the addition of partisan and divisive provisions.’’ 
Let me read that again: ‘‘This legis-
lation is desperately needed and we can’t let this moment pass us by be-cause of the addition of partisan and divisive provisions.’’ 
Again, we are offering Republicans a 
simple solution: Remove the language. Go back to the same language that was in the bill last year which enjoyed broad support. 
If Republicans do that today, we 
would pass this bill today. 
I know this is the Democratic time 
to talk, so I am going to allow Senator H
IRONO to continue. We need to end 
this sneak attack on women’s health so 
we can get the victims of human traf-ficking the services and support they need. 
We are ready, willing, and able to sit 
down and work with our friends on the other side to drop this provision. The Senate is not going to get things done if the Republican majority continues to insist on putting politically charged, extreme measures on bills that should pass with bipartisan support. I hope my colleagues will work with us. I cer-tainly want to be able to trust the staffers again and trust my colleagues again, and it would start with remov-ing this provision. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I wish to 
associate myself with the remarks of my friend from California, Senator B
OXER . I rise today to speak against at-
tempts to turn this bill—the Justice for Trafficking Victims Act—into a po-litical football. While there are many issues that may divide this Congress— and certainly the issue of choice for women is one of them—human traf-ficking should not be one of those divi-sive issues. 
This bill started off as a bipartisan 
bill, but along the way a provision was added to the bill that brings me to the floor today in opposition to that provi-sion. Not only do I oppose the sub-stance of that provision, but I very much object to how the provision was added to the bill unbeknownst to the sponsors of this bill such as myself. Buried in this bill is a provision that allows government to dictate a wom-an’s health care options, and this pro-vision would limit choices for women 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.017 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1462 March 12, 2015 
who have been victimized by human 
trafficking. 
Women are often forced to endure 
rape and violence on a daily basis. That is what human trafficking is. This is an unprecedented and, I have to say, ap-palling expansion of government’s role in women’s health care decisions. The provision is anti-women and anti-vic-tim. This body should be working to help these victims of trafficking vio-lence, not playing politics with their lives. But that is not what we are see-ing today. 
The truth is there are some in this 
body who have time and again put their own ideological agenda and need to score political points ahead of con-sensus-driven legislation. 
We have seen this before. A few 
weeks ago Congress came close to shut-ting down the Department of Homeland Security—the third largest Depart-ment in the Federal Government—be-cause a few Members wanted to hold funding national security priorities hostage to score points against the President’s immigration actions. We saw it during the shutdown. We saw it during the debate over the Shaheen- Portman energy bill. We saw it during Congress’s drawn-out debate over the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act, yet another issue that should be free of partisan politics. 
This body shouldn’t let ideological 
grandstanding on divisive issues stall and kill bipartisan legislation that will make a difference for people—particu-larly for the most vulnerable people in this country, victims of trafficking. 
This bill is no exception. A bill on 
human trafficking should not be a method of expanding the government’s powers to dictate women’s personal choices, women’s health care decisions. 
I join my colleagues in urging the 
Senate to stop using this legislation and others like it to advance an ideo-logical agenda, and help the women, men, and children who are being traf-ficked across this country. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I don’t seek the 
floor to speak now because I think I am infringing upon some other Democrats who wanted to speak before I spoke. I assume they are on their way. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, yes-
terday I came to the floor with a very clear message for my Republican col-leagues: A bill about combatting human trafficking is no place for par-tisanship. It is not an opportunity to try to get a political victory for your base, and it absolutely should not be a vehicle for policies that would roll 
back a woman’s right to make her own choices about her own body. Instead, a bill like the Justice for Trafficking Victims Act should be focused only on protecting the rights and the safety and the health of survivors of sex traf-ficking, who have faced truly extraor-dinary violence and hardship. 
I called on Republicans to work with 
Democrats to ensure this legislation gets back on track as the bipartisan ef-fort it should be—by simply removing a provision that would expand the so- called Hyde amendment, allowing poli-ticians to interfere even more with the most deeply personal health decisions a woman can make. 
I am disappointed that so far my Re-
publican colleagues have said no and continued to push for a completely un-necessary fight over women’s health. So today I am back on the floor, joined by several of my Democratic col-leagues, to tell the other side of the aisle that we are not taking no for an answer. We Democratic women believe a bill intended to help women should be about helping women, period. 
There is no reason for a political re-
striction on women’s health in the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act, just as there wasn’t a reason for Repub-licans to threaten the government with a shutdown over Planned Parenthood funding back in 2011 or try to jam through reproductive health riders on spending bills. 
The women Senators who have joined 
us on the floor today have seen this kind of inappropriate, disappointing political stunt geared at rolling back women’s rights before. Republicans are going to get the same response they have gotten every other time: not on our watch. 
Right now the ranking member of 
the Committee on the Judiciary is working on alternative legislation that would take out the divisive, harmful expansion of the Hyde amendment and keep this effort focused on survivors who need support and deserve justice. Democrats are laying out a path to keep this bill bipartisan and get it done. 
I hope our Republican colleagues will 
reconsider the partisan approach they have taken and work with us. I hope they will think about why it doesn’t make sense to choose partisanship over trying to just address a truly horrific problem in our country, especially one we all agree needs to be solved. I hope they will commit to putting the poli-tics aside and join us to make this bill the bipartisan effort we all hoped it would be. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, we 
just heard Members of the minority party complaining there are things in this bill nobody knew anything about. On our side, I think we have done a good job of refuting it. 
I am going to suggest again they 
ought to read the legislation. They had plenty of time to read the legislation. But it is kind of remindful of the story about Speaker P
ELOSI saying after the 
2,700-page ObamaCare bill was written that you have to pass it to find out what is in it. 
Obviously this legislation before us 
isn’t law. It is a proposal. But it is just like people evidently don’t read this legislation before it gets out of com-mittee with a strong bipartisan vote of 20–0. The fact is this legislation was on the Web site several weeks before it was voted out of committee, and this language was in it. So you have to wait until a bill gets out of committee be-fore you read the language? No. There are 20 people on the Committee on the Judiciary who had an opportunity to read this legislation before it ever got out of committee. There were no con-cerns about this language that we hear from the minority of the Senate that they have all of a sudden found obnox-ious and somehow it was sneaked into a piece of legislation, which is not true. That is what I am going to speak about. 
As one example of what I referred to, 
yesterday we heard from the Senator from Vermont—my friend, the distin-guished ranking member of the com-mittee and former chairman of the committee—that an organization called ATEST is urging that we strike the Hyde amendment language in this bill. ATEST is one of many organiza-tions that had the opportunity to re-view and comment on this legislation prior to the committee markup of this bill. They met with my staff in Feb-ruary to discuss this bill and never raised any concern with the Hyde amendment at that time. So now I can legitimately question why they are coming forward with this concern only now, weeks after the Senate Com-mittee on the Judiciary reported this legislation. 
Then we also heard the Senator from 
California comment on emails. I want her to know there are emails that clearly show the other side was aware of the Hyde provision, and it is not our majority saying the Democrats are raising a phantom problem. The Sen-ator from California is criticizing a human trafficking advocate who is say-ing that very point. 
It is pretty bad around here when you 
have Senators attacking anti-traf-ficking advocates. We learned last week that law enforcement officials in Texas arrested 29 people in an online trafficking sting. As reported in Texas in the Waco Tribune-Herald on March 10: 
The sting was designed to catch suspects 
seeking underage escorts for sexual acts or trying to become ‘‘pimps’’ by trafficking un-derage prostitutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.018 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1463 March 12, 2015 
This is only the latest in a string of 
news stories showing that the commer-cial exploitation of children is a prob-lem in the United States. The reality that adolescents are victims in many of these cases makes the situation all the more wrenching. 
It is vital that we act now to pass 
legislation to further protect these and other domestic victims of human traf-ficking. These reports are reasons why this bill should not be stalled by the minority Members of the Senate, par-ticularly when we in the majority pledged, as a result of the last election, that we were going to have an open amendment process. 
This bill is under the open amend-
ment process so anybody who doesn’t like this language ought to offer an amendment, and let us see where the votes are—whether their side prevails or whether the people who want to pass an antitrafficking bill prevail. 
I take this opportunity to again urge 
my colleagues to support this Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, which would establish strong antitrafficking measures that target predators who ex-ploit innocent, young people. The measure focuses both on sex and labor trafficking. It would benefit both chil-dren and adult victims of these des-picable crimes. 
The legislation would equip law en-
forcement with new tools to fight traf-ficking, enhance services for victims, and increase penalties for perpetrators. The bill would help fight demand for domestic sex trafficking by ensuring that any person who is trafficking an adult or purchasing a child for sex will be punished under the full force of law. In other words, it goes after the de-mand side as well as the supply side of these terrible crimes. So it is a mean-ingful solution that is supported by a large bipartisan group of Senators and more than 200 outside organizations. 
The other day, one human trafficking 
advocate characterized the concern raised by the minority with the Hyde amendment provision in this bill as a phantom problem, and I agree. 
The minority leader is focusing on a 
provision that passed the Senate Judi-ciary Committee in February unani-mously, after committee members de-bated the bill and had the opportunity to even strike this provision that they find so obnoxious at this particular time. Not only has this language, called the Hyde amendment language, been in a part of this bipartisan bill for months, it is the law of the land today—a consensus measure adopted in 1976. It has been included in appropria-tions bills every year for decades. 
As I mentioned yesterday, it has been 
included in authorizing legislation on occasions as well. 
Why, when we have agreed on the in-
clusion of Hyde amendment language in bills on so many prior occasions over a 39-year period of time, would we at this time be unable to agree to its in-clusion in a bill to help human traf-ficking victims? It is fitting that this bill includes 
such Hyde amendment language. The bill creates a Federal victims fund, and money in the fund will derive from fines imposed on human traffickers. The fund will be a federally adminis-tered program. 
If the fund is used to support abor-
tion services, then it constitutes Fed-eral funding of abortion. Including the Hyde language is consistent, then, with what we have always done in such cases. This is not the appropriate time or place for the minority party Mem-bers of the Senate to seek a rollback of consensus legislation that was adopted as far back as 1976 and has been ex-tended every year since that time. 
I urge my colleagues to find another 
place and another time for congres-sional debate on taxpayer funding of abortions—not to do it on a bill that has broad, bipartisan support and defi-nitely not on a bill that was reported out of committee 20 to 0, which means 11 Republicans and 9 Democrats sup-ported it. 
The argument that this Hyde amend-
ment language was included by—you have heard these words—‘‘sleight of hand’’ is simply disingenuous. This bill, after its introduction, was put into the public domain—not after it was voted out of committee, not just 1 day before it was in committee, but weeks before the committee considered it. So it was in the public domain. No-body could say it wasn’t there. So you could read it and know this Hyde lan-guage was in it. 
It was distributed by email to numer-
ous organizations and congressional of-fices for their input. It has been posted for 2 months on the U.S. Government Web site, accessible to any congres-sional staffer or member of the public. So we have people who come to the Senate saying they didn’t know this was in there. Well, then, did they not read the bill? Did they not have their staff read the bill? For a long period of time it has been right out there where 300 million people could access it on the Web site. 
If lawmakers then are asserting that 
they did not know the Hyde amend-ment was included in the bill, then it means they simply didn’t read this leg-islation. 
I again call on my colleagues to sup-
port the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act, focusing on helping sur-vivors of trafficking heal and protect others from becoming victims of such a terrible crime. 
It is a meaningful solution that is 
supported by large bipartisan groups of Senators. We have a real opportunity to provide survivors of trafficking with the kind of support that is essential to their recovery and future success. 
Working together, in a bipartisan 
way, we can restore dignity to sur-vivors. That is why we need to pass this act right now. 
It also gives this Senate an oppor-
tunity to do what I hear from the peo-ple of grassroots Iowa so often in my town meetings, such as Saturday when 
I was in Truro, IA, and 33 people showed up. I was in Norwalk, IA, and 66 people showed up. At those meetings they keep asking: Why can’t you Re-publicans and Democrats get together? 
This is one of those bills where Re-
publicans and Democrats are getting together. Now we find some people— who evidently don’t read legislation until the midnight hour—coming to the floor of the Senate saying some-thing along the lines of: We snuck something into the bill. 
Snuck something into the bill when 
the bill has been out there on the Web site for a couple of months already? No, that is disingenuous. So the bill is not moving along. But when this bill is brought up for a final vote, the people will see that Republicans and Demo-crats can work together if we can get over this hurdle of the stonewalling by the minority party of the Senate, hold-ing up this bill for a disingenuous rea-son. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). The Senator from Nevada. 
Mr. HELLER. Madam President, I 
rise today in support of the bill that is currently pending before us, the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act. I commend the chairman for his hard work and effort on this piece of legisla-tion and for ushering it through the Senate. 
I also thank and commend the senior 
Senators from Texas and Minnesota for coming together in a bipartisan fashion on this vitally important human rights legislation. 
Because this is such a bipartisan 
bill—frankly, a nonpartisan issue—I am frustrated that we are at an im-passe on moving this bill forward with an open debate. 
Let me repeat. This is a nonpartisan 
issue. I encourage my colleagues across the aisle to move forward with an open debate on this vitally important human rights legislation. 
Every day countless innocent victims 
are bought and sold into modern-day slavery in America. All too often, many of these victims are children. 
As the father of four and a grand-
father of two, I believe every child should have the opportunity to grow up in a loving and safe environment. I know the Presiding Officer agrees with that. I know everybody in this Cham-ber agrees with that today. Unfortu-nately, that is not the case for too many children. 
Recognizing this is an important 
issue. My home State of Nevada has taken action over the past several years not only to assist victims of traf-ficking but also to ensure these victims have the opportunity to seek com-pensation for their traffickers. Given Nevada’s unique location, especially southern Nevada, this is a crime that is all too prevalent within my home State. Just to give us an idea, 2 years ago the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department reported that 2,144 sex 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.020 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1464 March 12, 2015 
trafficking victims under the age of 18 
were rescued in Las Vegas since 1994. That is an average of 126 per year. Even more daunting, that is 1 person rescued every 3 days. This is one city in one State. More than half of these victims were from Nevada, and the rest of them were trafficked through the State. 
While Nevada is taking important 
steps forward in providing restitution of victims of trafficking, much more needs to be done to stop this crime from occurring in the first place. All too often, trafficking is a crime that is hidden from plain sight. It occurs in every single State. That is why it is vi-tally important to recognize the warn-ing signs of someone who may be a vic-tim of human trafficking, as well as those who are committing these crimes. 
I am pleased to see this underlying 
bill recognizes this need, especially for local law enforcement, especially for health providers, and especially for first responders. 
The bill, however, fails to recognize 
the important role of our Nation’s ports of entry and how they play into our Nation’s domestic and inter-national transportation system, and the opportunity they provide for human trafficking. That is why I filed an amendment to this legislation, to ensure that victims of human traf-ficking and perpetrators of this crime will not be able to pass through such places without additional law enforce-ment awareness. 
My amendment requires the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security to train TSA, CBP, and other relevant depart-ments’ personnel to effectively deter, detect, and disrupt human trafficking. Recognizing the different needs of States and the critical role of local law enforcement in combatting human trafficking, it also allows DHS to pro-vide training to any State, local or tribal government or private organiza-tion in order to establish a human traf-ficking awareness training program. 
Finally, this amendment requires 
DHS to keep records of the number of human trafficking cases reported or confirmed and to report these numbers annually to Congress. That way we can measure progress in our efforts to end human trafficking. 
Instead of creating another layer of 
bureaucracy, my amendment simply complements and enhances the current efforts by DHS to equip its personnel with effective strategies to combat human trafficking at our Nation’s ports of entry and other high-risk areas. 
Earlier this year, I was pleased to see 
similar legislation pass the House of Representatives with unanimous sup-port. 
I think most of us can agree that this 
issue of human trafficking is not a par-tisan issue; it is a human rights issue. Whether one is a parent, a sibling, a child or a relative, this issue is real. That is why I am so pleased to see this Chamber come together in a bipartisan manner to bring this bill to the floor. 
Once again, I only hope we can come together and move this debate forward. 
As I tell Nevadans back home, I came 
to Washington, DC, to work. I work with Republicans and I work with Democrats. There are issues we may at times have to agree to disagree on, but moving forward on a bipartisan bill such as this should not be one of them. 
We need to do all we can to end this 
disgraceful and disgusting crime once and for all. We should move forward in providing much needed help to these victims, including children. 
There is more work to do on this bill 
and ways to make it a better product through the amendment process, but we should be moving forward instead of stalling out. 
I hope I have the opportunity to call 
up my amendment, and I would urge my colleagues to support my amend-ment so we can ensure that DHS per-sonnel are properly trained to prevent the serious threat of human traf-ficking. Help is almost there for these victims. I hope we can come to a reso-lution today to move forward on this bill. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
support S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. The bill supports law enforcement officers and prosecu-tors in their efforts to prevent, respond to, and combat human trafficking. Of particular importance, the domestic trafficking victims’ fund created by this legislation would help States and localities develop training and services for survivors. 
In February, I was proud to join all 
the women in the Senate in requesting that the Judiciary Committee hold a hearing on human trafficking. I appre-ciate the work of Chairman G
RASSLEY  
and Ranking Member L EAHY in quickly 
scheduling that hearing and thank them for inviting Senators M
IKULSKI , 
AYOTTE , GILLIBRAND , and me to testify 
before the committee on behalf of all of the women in the Senate. I applaud the committee’s bipartisan work in shining a light on some of the darkest stories imaginable. 
No State is immune from the evils of 
sex trafficking. Traffickers lure vulner-able victims with the promises of a bet-ter life and use violence, threats, lies, money, drugs, and other forms of coer-cion to trap them in a life of commer-cial sex. Many criminals who once worked in drugs have now turned to sex trafficking because it is more profit-able. 
The stories of victims are shocking. 
Just this past January, police in Ban-gor, ME, arrested a man and woman for allegedly forcing a 13-year-old girl into prostitution. This child, who was listed as a missing person, was being sold for sex through ads on the Internet. Unfor-tunately, there are many horrific cases like this occurring across the country. 
The policies and tools for law en-
forcement, prosecutors, and survivors included in S. 178 are important pieces of a strong Federal response to human 
trafficking, and I commend Senators C
ORNYN and K LOBUCHAR for their work 
on this legislation. 
I also hope the Senate will adopt an 
amendment I have cosponsored with Senator L
EAHY that would reauthorize 
the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act programs, which provide critical pre-ventive and treatment services that help homeless youth around the coun-try. Runaway and homeless youth are especially vulnerable to becoming vic-tims of trafficking and sexual exploi-tation. A meaningful response to the very serious problem of human traf-ficking must also ensure that those most vulnerable to human traf-ficking—including our Nation’s home-less youth—have the resources they need. The preventive measures pro-vided by the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act programs can help stem the tide of potential trafficking victims. 
The State of Maine is doing its part 
to end the scourge of human traf-ficking, where the Not Here Justice in Action Network and other partnerships between law enforcement and service providers are helping to raise aware-ness and help victims. Our health care workers in Maine are also tremendous partners. St. Joseph Hospital in Ban-gor, ME, for example, has focused its efforts on educating and training clini-cians, nurses, and emergency medical providers to recognize the signs of human trafficking among their pa-tients. With the proper tools and train-ing, these nurses can intervene. They are learning how to identify victims and how to ask the right questions, which are critically important to keep-ing these atrocities from continuing. 
The Justice for Victims of Traf-
ficking Act offers important supports for victims and enhanced tools for our law enforcement. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE AND DONNA GUNNING AND  
BURT TRUMAN  
Mr. KING. Madam President, I rise to 
share some good news from my home State of Maine. It is the story of vet-erans helping veterans—of three people from Maine who have positively im-pacted the lives of thousands of vet-erans in my State and have done so in a unique way. They make personalized wooden canes with a bold and intricate bald eagle head carved into the handle for any Maine veteran who wants one. 
I have some pictures that show a 
large number of the canes and a close-up. As I noted when one of these canes appeared in my office recently, this eagle has an attitude and he is positive about the future of this country. 
About 8 years ago, George and Donna 
Gunning from Windsor, ME, heard about a project in Oklahoma called the Eagle Cane Project. The mission was to help post-9/11 veterans who had trouble walking because of leg disabilities due to combat-related action by providing them with a unique hand-carved cane. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.021 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1465 March 12, 2015 
As a Navy veteran, George and his 
wife Donna Gunning, who grew up in a Navy family, were both intimately fa-miliar with the sacrifices and difficul-ties that accompany military service. This project touched their hearts and they quickly recognized it as an oppor-tunity to give back to veterans in Maine. They brought their own version of the project to our State, offering a personalized eagle cane to any Maine veteran who had served anywhere in the world in any conflict across the globe. 
It wasn’t long before the Gunnings 
were joined by another fellow named Burt Truman from Hallowell, ME, who spent two decades in the military, in the Navy, Army Reserve, and the Air National Guard. The trio worked to-gether on each cane they made— crafting them, painting them, person-alizing each one by etching the vet-eran’s name and molding medals to show their branch of the service and any honors they received. 
As impressive as each of these mas-
terpieces is, the number that these three people have produced is what is astounding and remarkable. The cur-rent count is 2,474 of these personally hand-made canes, made free of charge and funded for Maine veterans entirely through donations. 
For all their hard work and dedica-
tion, the trio remains adamant that they deserve no special recognition, al-though I am giving it to them here today. Instead, they would rather the attention and admiration and thanks of all of our people be directed toward the veterans who are receiving these canes, who have borne so much for our country. 
That is the true magic of this 
project. It is about recognizing our vet-erans, supporting them, and giving them something to lean on, both lit-erally, physically, and emotionally. 
In recent months, as the Presiding 
Officer knows, there have been a num-ber of efforts in the Congress to further support our veterans—to improve their access to care and support services. While the Choice Act, which was signed into law last August, made progress in this area, more work needs to be done. To ensure that provisions of this legis-lation we all voted for and supported last year are implemented in accord-ance with our intent, Senator J
ERRY  
MORAN , Senator S USAN COLLINS , myself 
and others have introduced a bill to improve how the VA determines eligi-bility for the Choice Program. 
Currently, veterans can only use 
their Choice cards if they cannot get an appointment within 30 days at a VA facility and face an excessive burden of travel, such as a body of water, or if they live more than 40 miles as the crow flies from any VA facility, regard-less of whether it provides the type of care they need. 
In my opinion this isn’t what Con-
gress intended. In rural States such as Maine, as the crow flies is not a good definition of distance. We have to take into account whether the VA facility 
in question can provide our veterans with the specific care services they re-quire. So the bill sponsored by Sen-ators M
ORAN , COLLINS , myself, and oth-
ers offers a fix by requiring the VA to use its existing authority to offer com-munity care to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the nearest VA facility that provides the type of care they need. 
I hope in the coming weeks the Sen-
ate Veterans’ Affairs Committee and the similar committee in the House will hold hearings on this issue so we are able to provide a path forward and correct what I think is certainly a fix-able portion of the Choice Act we passed last year. 
As we look for that path, and as we 
think about veterans’ issues, I think these eagle canes provide some inspira-tion. The bald eagle of course is a na-tional symbol of freedom and independ-ence, and with these canes it has also come to symbolize in Maine the debt of gratitude we owe to our Nation’s vet-erans. Each cane is a treasured re-minder that someone cares, someone notices, and someone appreciates what they have done. 
I have seen firsthand the powerful ef-
fect these canes have. Earlier this month I was meeting with members of the Maine Veterans of Foreign Wars and one of the gentlemen who sat right next to me in my office had with him this beautifully carved eagle cane. Thinking it was the only one of its kind, I asked him where he found some-thing so unique and interesting and powerful. He said: Well, it was made right here in Maine, and I am not the only person who has one. It was one of thousands made in a Windsor, ME, workshop. 
Even more telling was how quickly 
and enthusiastically the VFW mem-bers, also in my office that day, jumped in to explain where the canes came from and how glowingly they spoke of this project and what it has meant to veterans in Maine. They knew the his-tory of the project, they described the meticulousness of the craftsmanship— which we can see here—and they quick-ly gave me George Gunning’s name. Their enthusiasm underscored their true appreciation for the support and recognition this Eagle Cane Project in Maine had given to them and their fel-low veterans. 
Burt, George, and Donna’s work is a 
true testament to the strength of our veterans community in Maine, and that is what it is all about. 
Good news from Maine, Madam Presi-
dent. Good news about our commit-ment to each other and our commit-ment to our veterans. It is often said that Maine is a big small town with very long streets. We know each other, we care about each other, and in this case we deeply care about our veterans. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I 
come to the floor incredibly dis-appointed that we can’t seem to move forward on what should be a non-controversial, powerful, and bipartisan effort. 
I think we can all agree in the Senate 
that we must do more to combat human trafficking and help the victims of this heinous act, and I was looking forward to, I believe, Senator C
ORKER  
offering an amendment on legislation that passed out of the Foreign Rela-tions Committee that would establish a private, nonprofit grantmaking insti-tution known as the End Slavery Ini-tiative Foundation to reduce the worst forms of forced labor and sexual ser-vitude around the world. I was looking forward to having a serious debate about this important issue, and it is truly unfortunate that the debate has been sidelined by matters that are not to the core of the trafficking issue. 
I rise to specifically address an 
amendment that I understand is pend-ing to attempt to hijack our debate about human trafficking. This amend-ment is out of place and out of step with everything I believe we stand for in the Senate. It is an amendment to a bill that seeks to amend the Constitu-tion of the United States. It is an amendment offered by a Republican colleague that grows the government and increases taxes. It is an amend-ment to a trafficking bill that could make people more likely to be traf-ficked. 
I am talking about the amendment 
to eliminate birthright citizenship and end the people’s right to be citizens by being born on American soil. 
Birthright citizenship is a bedrock 
principle found not in law but in the Constitution. The 14th Amendment states clearly that ‘‘all persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside.’’ 
For 115 years the obvious and plain 
meaning that people born on American soil are American citizens has been af-firmed before the Supreme Court and can only be changed by a constitu-tional amendment. My colleague from Louisiana instead presents a bill and tries to argue with the Supreme Court and the English language by claiming undocumented immigrants are not sub-ject to the jurisdiction thereof. Is he suggesting, for example, that if an un-documented immigrant was brought to court, he or she wouldn’t be subject to the court’s jurisdiction? Clearly not. And the civil rights leaders who draft-ed the 14th Amendment didn’t think so either. 
Instead, the 14th Amendment was 
adopted after the infamous Dred Scott 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.022 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1466 March 12, 2015 
decision to make sure the United 
States never has an unequal class sys-tem. This principle, that America isn’t a country club, is a profound American value. If my friend from Louisiana wants to change the Constitution, he should abide by the framework our Founding Fathers set up. 
If a Senator wants to make a monu-
mental change to how our Nation de-fines citizenship in the Constitution, he or she must go to the constitutional amending process our Founding Fa-thers set up to make sure we have widespread and overwhelming con-sensus. That is why the Founders cre-ated a process in which amending the Constitution needed a broad swath of the American population to say, yes, that is worthy of changing the Con-stitution that has worked so well for us for so many years. We are here to pro-tect the Constitution, and the 14th Amendment is sacrosanct and too im-portant to be defined by the political and discriminatory impulses of any Member of Congress. 
But beyond trying to change our 
Constitution with a piece of legisla-tion, my friend from Louisiana’s amendment to a human trafficking bill could make human trafficking worse. Eliminating birthright citizenship would create a perpetual class of un-documented immigrants, ironically growing the undocumented population by ensuring that undocumented chil-dren, and their children born here, would become undocumented, and their children and their children’s children could never come out of the shadows and be equal under the law. 
This new permanent underclass 
would inevitably lead to some without any citizenship in any country; in other words, they would be stateless. This new underclass would be subject to the worst forms of exploitation, in-cluding, for some, becoming victims of human trafficking themselves. 
But the irony doesn’t stop there. For 
the party of limited government and low taxes, my friend from Louisiana proposes an amendment that would put the Department of Homeland Security in every delivery room and require the creation of a brandnew, extensive bu-reaucracy with burdensome procedures. It would also create a de facto birth tax for people to have to go back and prove their citizenship. 
My friend from Louisiana tries to 
justify all this by saying it will prevent people from coming to the United States solely to give birth, but I don’t even know if he truly believes that ex-planation. It ignores the plain fact that the practice he describes is already il-legal under the law. 
If he wants to get into a discussion 
about enforcing the existing law, I am always willing to talk about the need for more resources for the men and women in law enforcement in order to be able to do that. This amendment wouldn’t make the practice he de-scribes one bit more illegal, but it would change the Constitution of the United States by a simple passage of 
the Senate, not as an amendment to the Constitution. 
This isn’t the time and this isn’t the 
place for an amendment attacking birthright citizenship. A bill isn’t the place or the venue to change the Con-stitution. A bill on human trafficking isn’t the time for a measure that might increase human trafficking. 
Frankly, for someone who wants lim-
ited government, they shouldn’t put the Department of Homeland Security in the delivery room. This is just an-other attack on immigrants that is against American values and in this case against our Constitution. We can do far better than that. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I 
rise today to speak in support of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act legislation that has been drafted and introduced by my good friends Senator J
OHN CORNYN of Texas and Senator 
AMYKLOBUCHAR of Minnesota. The bill 
helps survivors of human trafficking and child pornography and aids law en-forcement in discouraging demand for these serious crimes. 
This is a bill they originally intro-
duced in 2013. I was a cosponsor of that bill, and I am also an original cospon-sor of this bipartisan legislation which was introduced earlier this year be-cause I believe it is very important leg-islation. It is important because it not only compensates victims of human trafficking and other crimes of exploi-tation for their injuries but also pro-vides resources to help law enforce-ment prevent such crimes in the future by targeting demand. 
The need for this bill is real and it is 
troubling. Every year across America, children and adults are bought and sold for reprehensible purposes. According to the National Center For Missing and Exploited Children, at least 100,000 American children each year are the victims of commercial child prostitu-tion and child trafficking. It is not just a big-State, big-city problem. Every State in the country is facing this issue, including my home State of North Dakota, but we currently have trouble addressing this problem be-cause of the many needs, including the need for resources. 
After consultation with the attorney 
general’s office, we learned that North Dakota has had difficulty applying for anti-human trafficking grants because to be eligible, the Department of Jus-tice requires at least 2 years of local data on human trafficking. In recent years, North Dakota has been the fast-est growing State in the country in terms of both population and income 
growth. Consequently, North Dakota has only recently seen a sudden in-crease in human trafficking issues. To remedy that, I have offered an amend-ment to the Cornyn-Klobuchar bill to make sure it does not mandate a re-quired time period of collected data. The proposed amendment clarifies that a local or State government with a worthy trafficking initiative will not be precluded from receiving funds under the Cornyn-Klobuchar legisla-tion because they, like North Dakota, have only recently begun collecting data on human trafficking. They only have to demonstrate a valid need, which is, of course, significant and growing across the country. 
Here is what a group of victims sup-
port groups and law enforcement orga-nizations had to say: 
Women and children, especially girls, are 
advertised online where buyers purchase them with ease, anonymity, and impunity. This happens in every city, in every State. 
There are few issues that we as a gov-
erning body can be more unified on than that our children are precious and that it is our duty to protect them. For this reason, the Cornyn-Klobuchar bill has strong bipartisan support in the Senate, and I believe it will also be supported in the House. While it may need some amending here and there, we all recognize we could be doing more to help victims of human trafficking, child pornography, and other crimes of exploitation against children and vul-nerable adults. These often-invisible victims not only need to be rescued from their situation, but they also need medical, mental health, housing, legal, and other important services. 
The Cornyn-Klobuchar bill addresses 
the need to do more head-on. It estab-lishes the Domestic Trafficking Vic-tims’ Fund, which is paid for through fines on persons convicted of child por-nography, human trafficking, child prostitution, sexual exploitation, and human smuggling offenses. 
Under current law those convicted of 
child abuse, trafficking, and related crimes must pay just a $100 special as-sessment fee. Under this legislation that fee is increased to $5,000 for every individual convicted of human traf-ficking, child pornography, and other forms of child exploitation. Those funds go to the Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund, which will be used to increase the Federal resources avail-able for human trafficking victims by $7 million a year over a 5-year time-frame, for a total of $35 million. 
Funding will be awarded as block 
grants to State and local governments under the Victim-Centered Human Trafficking Deterrence Block Grant Program. The purpose of these grants is to develop and implement victim- centered programs that train law en-forcement to rescue trafficking sur-vivors, prosecute traffickers and por-nographers, and help to restore the lives of their innocent victims. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.023 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1467 March 12, 2015 
In addition, the Justice for Victims 
of Human Trafficking Act does a num-ber of things, including making sure that victims get restitution and wit-nesses get rewards for cooperating with law enforcement before others, encour-aging prosecutors to get training on restitution in human trafficking cases, and giving law enforcement greater au-thority to seize the assets of convicted human traffickers. 
It protects victims and witnesses by 
requiring human traffickers to be treated as violent criminals for pur-poses of pretrial release and detention pending judicial proceedings. 
It ensures that Federal crime victims 
are informed of any plea bargain or de-ferred prosecution agreement in their case and clarifies that the ordinary standard of appellate review applies in cases concerning Federal crime vic-tims’ rights petitions. 
It recognizes that child pornography 
production is a form of human traf-ficking and ensures that victims have access to direct services at child advo-cacy centers to help them heal. 
It allows State and local human traf-
ficking task forces to get wiretap war-rants within their own State courts without Federal approval. That will help them to more effectively inves-tigate crimes of child pornography, child exploitation, and human traf-ficking. 
In addition, the bill improves nation-
wide communications so that law en-forcement can better track and capture traffickers and child pornographers. It ensures regular reporting on the num-ber of human trafficking crimes for purposes of the FBI Uniform Crime Re-porting Program. It also requires law enforcement to upload photos of miss-ing individuals into the National Criminal Information Center database and notifies the National Center For Missing and Exploited Children of any child reported missing from foster care. 
Finally, it strengthens the current 
law to reduce demand for human traf-ficking by encouraging police, prosecu-tors, judges, and juries to target all persons involved in the buying and sell-ing of human trafficking victims. It is wrong to prosecute victims and to fail to prosecute those who prey on them. 
The value and importance of this bill 
are reflected in the broad coalition of victims’ rights and law enforcement or-ganizations that support it. It has been endorsed by nearly 200 groups, from the Fraternal Order of Police, to the Na-tional Center For Missing and Ex-ploited Children. 
We need to pass the Cornyn-Klo-
buchar legislation because crimes such as human trafficking and child pornog-raphy target the most vulnerable among us in a most despicable way. I urge all of my colleagues to pass this bill to put an end to modern-day slav-ery and to help victims get the support they need. 
Again, I would like to close with my 
request to our colleagues on both sides of the aisle that we be allowed to pro-
ceed on the bill and again reference the importance of including my amend-ment, which ensures that all States, including those that have seen a recent real increase in human trafficking, have access to funds so that they can truly help victims in their State com-bat human trafficking in their State in conjunction with local law enforce-ment. 
With that, Madam President, I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. VITTER. Thank you, Madam 
President. 
All this week I have come to the 
floor to talk about this issue of birth-right citizenship and to offer my amendment that would end that policy. I come to the floor again on that issue. 
I have an amendment pending on this 
bill to change that policy, to end birth-right citizenship. I would like to read a statement on the subject: 
The American people are upset, and I think 
they have a right to be upset, but they are upset for a reason. Our immigration policies, regulating all aspects of entry to the United States, have simply ceased to function in the national interest. ‘‘Immigration policy’’ and ‘‘national interest’’ are terms that are rarely heard in the context of immigration. We seem to have lost sight of the fact that it is a public policy and, like all public policies, our immigration policy should serve the pub-lic interest. But they do not. 
Let us talk about legal immigration. We now admit the equivalent of a major 
city every year, without having the vaguest idea of how we will educate all the new chil-dren, care for the sick, provide housing, jobs, build infrastructure, or attend to any of the human needs of the newcomers or those al-ready here. 
Mr. President, each year, we admit—I re-
peat—the equivalent of a major city. We admit more people each year than make up some of our States. We admit a new State with legal immigrants every year. 
At a time of huge budget deficits and se-
vere financial constraints, we have no idea of how these huge costs will be borne. We just do it. 
We admit the equivalent of a major city 
without any assessment of whether these newcomers are likely to be contributing members of our society. Only a tiny fraction of those admitted each year enter because they have skills and abilities that will ben-efit our country. The rest come merely be-cause they happen to be relatives of other re-cent immigrants. The result of this so-called policy is that there is now a backlog of al-most 3
1⁄2million people—the population of a 
city the size of Los Angeles—who have a claim to immigrate to the United States for no other reason than they are somebody’s relative. Is this really a way to run immigra-tion policy? 
If making it easy to be an illegal alien is 
not enough, how about offering a reward for being an illegal immigrant? No sane country would do that, right? Guess again. If you break our laws by entering this country without permission and give birth to a child, we reward that child with U.S. citizenship and guarantee full access to all public and social services this society provides. And that is a lot of services. Is it any wonder that two-thirds of the babies born at taxpayer ex-pense in county-run hospitals in Los Angeles are born to illegal alien mothers? This is not my statement. This is 
Senator H ARRY REID’s statement on 
the floor of the Senate, including his strong support for an end to birthright citizenship, that he gave on September 20, 1993, to which I refer my colleagues’ attention. 
In closing, I thank Senator R
EIDfor 
his prior words in strong support of what he yesterday called, quote, V
IT-
TER’s stupid amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). The Senator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
WILDFIRE PREVENTION  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this 
morning, in the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, there was a very valuable hearing on a bipartisan piece of legislation called the Sportsmen’s Act, obviously designed to promote hunting and fishing activities which are so important to Oregonians and something our people just enjoy im-mensely. 
I was not able to sit through the 
whole hearing because we had impor-tant business in the Finance Com-mittee, but I got a flavor of it by lis-tening to parts of it here and there. When it came to my turn to ask ques-tions, I pointed out that one cannot go into the woods and hunt and fish if the woods are burning up. My sense is— particularly after what I learned last weekend—that is exactly what we are going to be facing, particularly in the West, and we are going to be facing it sooner rather than later. 
We all know the Senate left on 
Wednesday in order to avoid the snow-storms, so I basically flew all night to make it to Medford, OR, for a fire brief-ing on Thursday. The idea that we would need to have a fire briefing in March was pretty much unheard of years ago. The fire season was some-thing we faced in the summer or maybe in the early summer we would have a briefing on the challenges and what re-sources the local officials and Forest Service would need, such as tankers and the like. 
Fires are now a year-round propo-
sition. They are getting bigger, hotter, lasting longer, and they are infernos. 
What I was told last week in my 
home State in Medford is that they are facing the driest fire season in 25 years. They took out the map and showed us California, which looks bone dry. After 
that eye-opening briefing, I went on to Lane County, which is closer to Port-land. It is further up the valley. They said they had the least snow in 10 years and so they were just as concerned as Medford. 
Malheur County has already asked 
our Governor to declare a State drought emergency due to record low snowpack and below average water runoff, and these drought declarations usually don’t come until months and months later. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.026 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1468 March 12, 2015 
One of the reasons I wanted to come 
to the floor is to highlight how serious this fire season is going to be. This ought to be a wake-up call for all Americans because this is going to put pressure on scarce resources, in my view, like we have never seen before. 
These firefighters, as the Presiding 
Officer knows, are incredibly dedicated and patriotic people. But when we have fires in multiple areas, trying to move resources around quickly becomes a huge challenge, and it is particularly challenging when the system of fight-ing wildfires in America is broken. I can’t describe it any other way than it being essentially broken and badly in need of repair. 
The heart of the problem is that Fed-
eral policy has consistently shorted the prevention accounts. So what they need to do is go in there and thin for-ests out and deal with underbrush, such as small trees that pose the greatest risk of fire, and those accounts have been shortchanged for quite some time. 
It gets hotter and drier on the forest 
floor. We can have a debate about why that is. I happen to think climate change is a part of it, others will cite other considerations, but what is indis-putable is what is happening. It is hot-ter, drier, and in our part of the coun-try there are frequent lightning strikes which can cause an inferno that leaps across Federal and State and private lines. 
When we have a huge fire on our 
hands, often what happens is the gov-ernment runs out of money to fight that megafire, and the handful of oth-ers like it, so the government then— really the agencies—borrow from the prevention fund in order to put the fire out, and the problem just gets worse and worse and worse. 
What Senator C
RAPO and I have pro-
posed in the Senate—and there is a similar bipartisan effort in the House— is to change that. What we have said is that it is time for the government to fight these megafires—just the 1 per-cent or so of megafires—from the dis-aster account and not shortchange the prevention fund because that is how we prevent these infernos from taking place. We go in there and do the thinning, we deal with the small trees and underbrush, and we prevent those big fires. 
The budget office has actually given 
us an analysis that this is pretty close to a wash from a budget standpoint, be-cause if we only fight those megafires— the 1 or 2 percent—and we get solid, substantial benefits from prevention because we have prevented a megafire, we really have not added to the budget. 
By clearing away the fuels and reduc-
ing both the number and intensity of future fires, reducing the amount of fuel on the ground simply makes it easier for our courageous firefighters to stop a fire in its tracks. 
I brought this poster to the floor this 
afternoon. It is not too hard to tell what the benefits are when we actually go out and receive these fuel treat-ments. It is clear this is a useful tool 
for holding down the damage for com-munities and taxpayers. These fuel treatments can be particularly bene-ficial for reducing wildfires and pro-tecting our populated areas. 
My hope is that now we are finally 
starting to see what this fire season is going to be like, that focusing on pre-vention and not raiding the prevention fund to deal with those 1 percent of the megafires will help us get out ahead of the problem instead of spending sub-stantially more money and trying to play catchup as the infernos rip their way through the West. 
I will close by saying that I think the 
bill Senator C
RAPO and I have intro-
duced is not the only answer to what we are going to be dealing with this fire season, but it is an important one. Another approach I think makes a great deal of sense is the Forest Serv-ice Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Programs because, again, these help bring together people of dif-fering political views and differing phi-losophies to clear flammable materials from our forests while producing sale-able timber for the mills. 
In the Malheur National Forest in 
my home State, for one, the Southern Blues Collaborative Project is a real success story. The stewardship con-tracts there not only helped clear the forests of unhealthy snags and haz-ardous wildfire fuels, they helped to bring the Malheur Lumber Company mill back from the brink of closure at least once. 
There is an effort at the U.S. Depart-
ment of Agriculture to encourage these collaborative partnerships across the country. I commend the Department of Agriculture, Chief Tidwell in par-ticular, for these collaboratives be-cause they are vital to the health and vitality of our country’s forests, and they are a solid foundation for wildfire response. 
I would also like to thank the Presi-
dent and the Forest Service for sup-porting the bipartisan efforts of Sen-ator C
RAPO and me, and a similar one 
that is underway in the House. To me, the bottom line is if we can pass the legislation I have described here today and shore up our priority as being pre-vention while, at the same time, mak-ing better use of existing money by saving the megafires we deal with for the disaster fund, that gets us off to the races in terms of having a more sensible system for fighting wildfires; then, if we support the collaboratives I have just described that are really floundering across the country, and we are seeing more of them, we are seeing bigger collaboratives; that is the kind of policy that helps us get out in front of what is going to be, in my view, an-other dangerous fire season. If we are just crossing our fingers and hoping somehow this fire season isn’t going to be as bad as I was told last week in Medford and in Eugene—that doesn’t make any sense to me, particularly given some of the other activities in the Senate that have been bipartisan 
priorities. 
That is why I felt compelled to come 
to the floor this afternoon because of the hearing this morning on sports-men. We want to have those opportuni-ties for sportsmen and fishermen and all of the people who want to use our great natural resources. They are part of our heritage and they are a big shot in the arm economically as well. We are not going to be able to go into those woods this summer to hunt and fish if they are burning up. 
So I am very hopeful we can quickly 
pass the bipartisan legislation to change the way in which we fight wildfires, that we can shore up our collaboratives which, dollar for dollar, are about as useful as anything that is done in the natural resources area. I encourage my colleagues this after-noon, given what is looking us in the eye with respect to this fire season, to join me in fixing the wildfire budget and encouraging collaborative partner-ships that get us out in front of the fires and end this catastrophic growth of wildfires, particularly in the West-ern United States. 
Mr. President, I note that one of my 
colleagues is ready to speak. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I thank 
my colleague for yielding. 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT  
My good friend from Wyoming was on 
the floor yesterday, I believe. He is a frequent critic of the Affordable Care Act. He made a pretty simple point that was reported in the press yester-day critical of the administration for holding so many events talking about the success of the Affordable Care Act. 
His suggestion was that we shouldn’t 
be celebrating—the administration shouldn’t be celebrating—the success of the Affordable Care Act in terms of the number of people who are gaining access to it, the stabilizing cost curve of health care expenditures all across the country, and the number of people whose emotional well-being is much better today because they don’t have to worry about ever losing their health care simply because they get sick, or losing all of their savings simply be-cause their child comes down with an expensive illness. 
I guess I would beg to differ because 
I talk to people all across my State of Connecticut who are celebrating today because the ACA works. They are cele-brating because their lives have been transformed by the fact that we now have finally made a commitment as a nation to make sure that if someone’s son gets sick, they won’t lose their sav-ings, their college 529, their house, their car, just because of an illness. 
I think the Affordable Care Act is 
something to celebrate because a lot of my constituents believe the same thing. Betsy from Litchfield, CT, said that without the Affordable Care Act, she would not have health insurance at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.028 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1469 March 12, 2015 
all due to her preexisting condition. 
One month before the ACA was imple-mented, she was sick with stage 4 can-cer and her insurance company gave her 2 weeks’ notice that it was going to end her coverage early. Luckily, Betsy was able to resolve that issue. But she says: ‘‘The bottom line is that before the Affordable Care Act, health insur-ance could and did kick sick people off of their rolls and ‘pre-existing condi-tions’ left many uninsured indefi-nitely.’’ 
She says: 
If you are not insured and have to pay the 
outrageous costs of U.S. health care out-of- pocket, you will quickly spend all of your re-tirement savings. That was the situation I was facing in December 2013 and it was an unsettling prospect. 
Linda from Winsted, CT, says she is 
grateful for affordable health care be-cause she has multiple chronic ill-nesses such as diabetes, hypertension, and osteoarthritis. She was unable to buy health insurance at any price be-cause the health insurance companies were charging her more because of her preexisting conditions. In Linda’s view, this issue boils down to people having basic rights, the freedom to be healthy, the freedom for her to live a life in which she knows she is going to be able to afford coverage for herself. 
She said this in an email to me: 
‘‘There is no freedom in poverty and certainly none in needless human suf-fering.’’ 
So Betsy is celebrating today. Linda 
is celebrating today. There are mil-lions of others like them all across the country who know the Affordable Care Act is working. 
But it is not just those individuals, it 
is newspapers, from the New York Times to USA TODAY, and the Wash-ington Post on down, that are saying with a clear voice: ‘‘The Affordable Care Act has achieved nearly all of its ambitious goals,’’ and ‘‘11.4 million Americans are now signed up for health care.’’ 
This is a success story all across the 
country, but a success story that is at risk. It is at risk because of a Supreme Court which is considering an eviscera-tion of the Affordable Care Act that would be a stunning act of judicial overreach if the plaintiffs were to suc-ceed in the King v. Burwell case. Their contention is simply that it was the in-tent of Congress to only provide insur-ance subsidies to States that had State exchanges and not Federal exchanges. I haven’t found a single Senator or Rep-resentative who voted for that law who says it was their intent to punish States that didn’t establish State ex-changes by withholding subsidies from millions of Americans. In fact, there is no way to plainly read the statute without coming to the conclusion that subsidies were not just intended but written into the law to go to every sin-gle State, no matter what kind of ex-change they decided to establish. The law says that because it specifically states that States that don’t choose to set up their own exchange will have a 
Federal exchange take the place of that State exchange. 
The totality of the law is clear as 
well. If the Federal Government had in-tended to give subsidies only to States that had State exchanges, they would have also made the insurance reforms contingent upon those State exchanges being established. Instead, the insur-ance reforms are nationwide, meaning that, clearly, the statute was set up to make subsidies nationwide, because the insurance reforms cannot exist—can-not exist—without those subsidies being available to people to be able to buy affordable insurance. 
It is not just the individuals who 
voted for this law who are clear that subsidies should be available; it is the Congressional Budget Office. The Con-gressional Budget Office reads statutes we pass, independently interprets them, and then assesses a cost to the laws we pass. Doug Elmendorf was be-fore the Appropriations Committee yesterday and I asked him a simple question: When you independently re-viewed the Affordable Care Act, did you come to the conclusion that it al-lowed for subsidies to go to State and Federal exchanges? His answer was clear: Yes. We read the Affordable Care Act as to provide insurance subsidies to both State exchanges and Federal exchanges and, thus, we priced the bill accordingly. 
The law is clear. The law’s intent is 
clear. The voices of those who voted for it are clear. The independent Congres-sional Budget Office is clear. The Af-fordable Care Act only works if sub-sidies flow to both States that have Federal exchanges and States that have State exchanges. 
For families such as those of Betsy in 
Litchfield, CT, and Linda in Winsted, CT, who continue celebrating the suc-cess of the Affordable Care Act on the ground floor for the millions of lives that have been transformed, this body needs to continue to stand up for the premise that the Affordable Care Act continues to work. That is absolutely something to celebrate. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
would ask my friend and colleague from Connecticut—we have worked closely together on a number of items—a question or two relating to the fact that the CBO report recently came out—just on Monday—and men-tioned that the benchmark policy next year is going to be up 8 percent across the board. The benchmark policy will go up 8 percent, meaning higher pre-miums not just next year, but the year after that, another 8 percent, and then another 8 percent. I would like to know, as a Senator representing people and as a doctor, how many people in his State believe that is actually a good deal. The President promised the people from his State that premiums would drop by $2,500 per family. N
ANCY  PELOSI , the Speaker of the House—and 
my friend from Connecticut was a Member of the House at the time—said premiums would drop for everyone. 
So we are talking about specifically 
people buying policies on the exchange. Yet the numbers that came out Mon-day that the President of the United States is celebrating—and my friend and colleague has a sign up about how this health care law is supposedly working—how that works for people when next year they are going to pay 8 percent more and the year after that 8 percent more, and these are people who are actually getting subsidies who are buying the benchmark insurance through the exchange. 
I know we are running short on time, 
but I would ask my colleague to ad-dress that specific component because I hear about it every day. 
Mr. MURPHY. I appreciate my 
friend’s question and I will be quick in the answer because I know we are run-ning short on time. 
I actually asked the CBO Director a 
question very similar to the one the Senator from Wyoming proposes. I said: Explain to me why your report actually says the Affordable Care Act is going to cost 10 percent less than you originally estimated and explain to me why the insurance subsidies are going to cost 20 percent less than you originally estimated. 
His answer was very clear: It is be-
cause premiums have come in lower than CBO initially estimated. 
In fact, this year, Kaiser reviewed 
premiums within these exchanges all across the country and said the aver-age premium increase from last year to this year is 1 percent all across the country. In Connecticut, our biggest insurer increased their premiums by 1 percent. One of the other offerers on the exchange decreased their premiums by 10 percent. The reason the Afford-able Care Act is costing much less today is because our actual experi-ence—not our estimated experience into the future—is that premiums are being stabilized in large part because of the reforms in this act. 
So if we want to talk about actual 
experience—what is happening on the ground today—it is that we are seeing premiums coming in almost exactly where they were last year, this year, in comparison to 5 years ago and 10 years ago when we were seeing double-digit increases in premiums from year to year. 
So part of the reason I am cele-
brating this law, quite frankly, I say to my good friend, is because the actual experience from this year to last year is that premiums are remaining stable and in some places like Connecticut are actually coming down, and the Af-fordable Care Act is costing less money than was initially estimated by CBO, in large part because premiums are lower than expected. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
would point out to my friend that the actual reason which he never addressed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.029 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1470 March 12, 2015 
is that they are going up next year. 
CBO has suggested they are going to go up 8 percent next year, and 8 percent 
the year after that, and 8 percent the year after that. 
The other issue, as he says, is the 
amount of money spent is because fewer people are signing up. People re-alize it is not a good deal. I think the CBO at one point thought there would be 14 million people signed up by this point and now it is only 11 million. So the fact that people are deciding to not sign up—to not sign up—is one of the reasons the government, while still spending more money than they were in the past, is spending not quite as much as they thought they might have to, had all the people the President thought would sign up for his idea signed up. So that seems to be the situ-ation, when we actually go into the CBO report. 
I agree the total dollar figure is less 
than the high figure anticipated. It has come down some, but it is because fewer people have actually chosen to participate which is because the health care law continues to be unpopular. Many people think it is not a good deal for them; that even though they have subsidies, they can’t afford to meet their copay, meet their deductible. Many have insurance, but they can’t see a doctor. They have lost their doc-tor. 
Those are some of the issues that I 
think were highlighted in that CBO re-port that the President ought to be honest about with the American peo-ple. The reason for the celebration I think is very premature and actually in error because so many people have been harmed by this law. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I think 
I might not be alone, I say to my good friend from Wyoming, in suggesting that most people probably would not suggest that 11 million people signing up for health care means the law is un-popular. Indeed, we have seen a reduc-tion by 25 percent in those across the country who do not have insurance, in a year’s worth of time. I think that is a pretty stunning uptake, and it shows how desperately people wanted insur-ance. But, again, I asked the same question to the CBO head yesterday. His review of why there has been a slight differential—it is a pretty small one between what they initially esti-mated and why people signed up—is be-cause more companies are maintaining their own health care insurance, less cancellations are happening, and, thus, there are fewer people who are unin-sured. So this second argument as to how the sky was going to fall after health care reform, that you were going to see mass cancellations of poli-cies, the CBO Director is saying the reason the number is coming in slight-ly below where it was initially esti-mated—albeit 11 million people have insurance because of this law—is be-cause employers are holding on to their insurance, even though we heard from 
many detractors of the law there was going to be a mass exodus of private in-surance plans. Twenty-five percent fewer people have no insurance today. That is the bottom line. In Con-necticut, 50 percent fewer people have no insurance. There is just no way to argue that we have not made a big dent in the number of uninsured because of this law’s passage. 
Mr. BARRASSO. I ask unanimous 
consent that 10 minutes be reserved for Senator C
ORNYN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BARRASSO. I point out that on 
Saturday, I am going to be in Buffalo, WY, at a health fair. As a doctor, I con-tinue to attend health fairs around the State which are designed to bring low- cost health care screenings to people. I know I will hear from folks there who are concerned with the fact that the CBO has come out and said the pre-miums are going to go up 8 percent next year, and 8 percent the year after that. Some of them are actually going to be on the ObamaCare exchange. I know some of them are people who had insurance that worked well for them before the President passed his law, and their insurance was canceled. 
The President and the Senator from 
Connecticut may list them as suc-cesses, but they don’t believe it is that way. They had insurance. They had in-surance that they liked. It worked for them, and it worked for their family. They had the benefits that were impor-tant for their family, things for which they needed insurance. The President, on the health care law, came out with this mandate that everyone buy health insurance, and not just what worked for them. The President described it as essential benefits. I described them as excessive benefits, because there is a lot of insurance they are forced to buy, according to the law, that they do not need, do not want, cannot afford, and it does not even apply to their families. They have no choice in the matter. 
They have had to lose insurance that 
worked for them and buy insurance that the President said they had to buy, even though it wasn’t what was best for them and their families. They know what is best for them and their families, not President Obama. 
I expect while I am in Buffalo, WY, 
visiting people, listening to what they have to say at a health fair, I will hear stories such as that because I do every weekend in Wyoming. People are con-cerned about the cost. Even those who have been getting subsidies through the exchanges are noticing that deductibles are higher than their pre-vious insurance, and copays are higher. They are paying more. They are paying more and getting less, which is why this health care law continues to be unpopular across the country. 
Take a look at any of the national 
numbers that are coming out, and you are going to find many more people 
who feel they were harmed by the law than helped by the law. There is a ratio of more people who think they were harmed than helped. More people want it repealed than continued. That is what we are seeing across the country with this health care law. 
The President and I would say we 
should listen to the American people who have these stories to tell. I was on the floor yesterday, and I talked about a woman from Maine. There was an ar-ticle in the paper in Maine. She found the whole experience that she has been going through now frightening, and she has insurance through the exchange. She said it is a frightening experience. She did her taxes and found out that she ended up owing a lot of money in taxes that she didn’t know she was going to owe because of mistakes that were being made and the way the book-keeping works. That is what is hap-pening. H&R Block, the insurance folks who do the calculation to help people file their policies, are saying, on aver-age, half of the people filing their re-turns this year are finding they are getting shocked and surprised that their amount of money coming in to the returns is a lot less, by an average of $530, according to H&R Block. This is across the board. 
There are a lot of disgruntled people 
who are disappointed in a President who made promises to them about a health care law, people who can’t keep their doctors, high deductibles they can’t afford. A study came out yester-day that many people with insurance can’t afford anything close to the deductibles they are forced to be pay-ing under the President’s insurance that they had to buy, many of whom lost the insurance they liked. We see these problems, and the amount of gov-ernment waste in this program is in-credible. 
Oregon earlier this week shut down 
their exchange. The State of Oregon spent $248 million putting together their own State exchange, and the Gov-ernor just signed something saying we are done with it. They have not signed up one single person on the Oregon computer exchange ever—$248 million, taxpayer dollars, gone. Gone. The only people who could sign up in Oregon had to do it by filling it out with paper and pen. This is supposed to be—I heard President Obama—as easy as shopping on Amazon; insurance is cheaper than your cell phone; keep your doctor if 
you like your doctor. That is not what happened under this health care law. People lost their doctors and can’t af-ford their policies. It is a very com-plicated situation related to this. Then you get Washington State. It is State after State—13,000 people had too much money taken out of their checking ac-count as just part of the regular proc-ess of the monthly withdrawals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.030 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1471 March 12, 2015 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER A. 
HART TO BE CHAIRMAN OF THE NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD 
NOMINATION OF THO DINH-ZARR 
TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NA-TIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFE-TY BOARD 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nominations, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nations of Christopher A. Hart, of Colo-rado, to be Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board for a term of two years; and Tho Dinh-Zarr, of Texas, to be a Member of the Na-tional Transportation Safety Board for the remainder of the term expiring De-cember 31, 2018. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form. 
Who yields time? Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum, and I ask unanimous consent that the time be divided equally. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I want 
to speak on a number of issues. I rise in support of the nominations of Chris-topher Hart to be chairman and Bella Dinh-Zarr to be a board member of the National Transportation Safety Board. 
The National Transportation Safety 
Board helps keep all of us safe. When a terrible crash happens, we watch on television or read about the crash and wonder what happened. But it is the National Transportation Safety Board that steps in. During those first mo-ments, they get in, preserve evidence, sift through the debris, and then figure out what went wrong. 
They play a difficult role. They must 
put aside all differences between juris-dictions, politics, and partisanship to get the job done. In the last month alone, the board has launched inves-tigations into a ship collision in Texas, a plane veering off the runway in New York, two terrible and fatal train crashes in New York and California, and a tragic incident in DC where smoke filled one of the Metro tunnels and resulted in a passenger dying. 
They are also helping with an oil 
train derailment in West Virginia and one in Illinois that sparked fires and an evacuation. Their work plays a critical role in guiding our decisions about 
safety and their recommendations have influenced safety improvements. They have played a role in everything from drunk driving and seatbelt laws to the amount of rest that pilots and truck drivers should get, and they are also helping to shape the safety require-ments of travel in the future. 
In October of last year, a test flight 
for commercial space flight ended in tragedy when an experimental space-craft broke apart in midflight over the desert in California. 
The National Transportation Safety 
Board stepped in to investigate the tragic accident. They are still con-ducting the investigation, and the re-sults are going to help us better ad-dress the future safety of commercial space flight to and from the edge of space, which is what that spacecraft was designed to do. This is why it is so critical that we select people with technical knowledge and human com-passion to put the pieces of these trag-edies back together. 
We have two great nominees. Chris-
topher Hart is a dedicated public serv-ant with an extensive career in trans-portation safety. He has served as Vice Chairman of the NTSB for 5 years; and since April 2014, he has served as the Acting Chairman of that agency. 
Like Mr. Hart, Dr. Bella Dinh-Zarr 
has a distinguished career in transpor-tation safety. She currently serves as the director of the FIA Foundation, which is dedicated to promoting safe and sustainable transportation. 
Previously, Dr. Dinh-Zarr worked in 
various safety capacities with the Make Roads Safe campaign, the Amer-ican Automobile Association, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration. 
They are both good leaders, and I ask 
the Senate to join me in supporting their nominations. 
TAKATA AIRBAGS  
Mr. President, I wish to provide the 
Senate with an update on what every Senator has had their attention called to—the Takata airbag recall. We have seen five deaths. We have seen a spate of serious injuries related to these de-fective airbags. One of the deaths oc-curred in my home State of Florida. 
Through my position of working with 
Chairman J
OHN THUNE of the Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation Committee, I have been pushing Takata and the automakers to speed up fixes for these defective airbags. 
People are driving around with a le-
thal bomb in their steering wheel. If it is defective and it goes off, they are filled with shrapnel. That has killed five people. It is documented in this country that it has killed five people. 
Nobody ought to be driving, there-
fore, a car for months when, in fact, they have a known defect that can seri-ously kill them. 
Well, it is just not acceptable, and 
the progress has been painfully slow. We received a letter from NHTSA not-ing that only 2 million of the vehicles recently recalled—2 million of 17 mil-
lion—are all that have been repaired as of the end of last year. 
That letter notes that Takata has 
continued to stonewall NHTSA’s re-quest for documents related to the de-fect. It is now being fined $14,000 a day until they start cooperating fully. They have also failed to produce a number of critical documents that the Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation Committee has requested as part of its investigation into this mess. 
Earlier today, Senator T
HUNE and I 
sent a letter to Takata again request-ing that they turn over these docu-ments to the committee as soon as pos-sible so that we can complete our in-vestigation into how this mess hap-pened and, very importantly, how we can get people’s cars fixed so they are not driving around with this bomb about to explode in their steering wheel. Safety can’t wait. 
BOB LEVINSON  
Mr. President, sadly, this week is the 
eighth year that Bob Levinson, a re-tired FBI agent who disappeared on a tourist island in Iran called Kish Is-land, has not been seen or heard from. He has a wife and seven children. 
A couple of years ago, the family re-
ceived a video. A few months after that, they received a photo. 
In these extensive discussions with 
Iran over matters of war and peace as to whether Iran is going to be willing to step down and not have a nuclear weapon, one of the discussion items also is not only the three known Amer-icans in captivity in Iran but Bob Levinson, who has been missing for 8 years. 
Only the Iranian Government can 
produce the evidence of what has hap-pened to Bob and where he is, and we continue that vigil. 
I yield the floor. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
later today, the Senate will vote on two nominees who are critical to en-suring the safety of our Nation’s trans-portation network: Christopher Hart, to be Chairman of the National Trans-portation Safety Board, also known as the NTSB, and Bella Dinh-Zarr to be a member of the Board. 
Mr. Hart has a distinguished career 
in aviation safety and has served with distinction as acting chair in recent months. 
Dr. Dinh-Zarr has a distinguished ca-
reer in auto safety and will bring an important perspective and background to the board. 
Right now, the NTSB only has three 
members, with one—Mr. Hart—serving as Acting Chairman. Today’s vote will add another member and ensure Mr. Hart is Chairman in an official capac-ity. It is imperative that we have a strong, long-term team at the helm. As a member of the Commerce Com-mittee, I know there is much impor-tant work ahead for the agency. 
The NTSB is charged by Congress 
with investigating every civil aviation accident in the United States as well as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.032 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1472 March 12, 2015 
significant accidents in the other 
modes of transportation—railroad, highway, marine, and pipeline—and issuing safety recommendations to agencies and others in the transpor-tation industry aimed at preventing fu-ture accidents. 
It is not a regulatory or oversight 
agency; rather, it has a unique task— investigating safety issues and acci-dents and then making recommenda-tions on how we can save lives. It is independent, and this ensures that agencies that regulate and oversee safety aren’t investigating themselves when and if there are potential lapses in their oversight. 
The NTSB’s work is critical—and it 
has been very busy recently—especially in my region. Last month, we saw a horrific collision at a railway crossing just outside of New York City on our commuter railroad, Metro-North. The tragic incident killed six, including a resident of Danbury, CT. The NTSB is investigating that crash, and its find-ing will help us so we don’t have to witness similar disasters again. Having a full board helps this important work move forward. 
This recent investigation comes after 
the NTSB dedicated tremendous re-sources and hours into investigating other horrific incidents on Metro- North in 2013 and 2014. At one point, all of the NTSB’s rail investigators worked on that one investigation, which resulted in a substantial report last November. The NTSB’s conclu-sions in that report have been a guide-post for reform. At the same time, the NTSB has been busy investigating other major incidents such as rail- grade crossings elsewhere in our coun-try, like in southern California, derailments of trains carrying crude oil, like in West Virginia, plane crash-es, major highway disasters, and sig-nificant transit incidents. 
The NTSB is also evaluating other 
issues, such as the safety of passenger vehicle tires, distracted driving, sub-stance abuse in the transportation sec-tor, and ensuring procedural compli-ance by transportation providers. It is a long and extensive list of projects. 
We need these nominees in their 
posts immediately so they can keep these investigations moving forward and bolster the NTSB’s critical work. And I note that here in Congress, we need to do our part as well to advance the NTSB’s efforts and findings, which include ensuring railroads install posi-tive train control, or PTC, which was first urged by NTSB after a rail colli-sion in 1969 in Darien; requiring ad-vanced technology like cameras in trains; requiring railroads to have re-dundant signal protection, which, had it been in place, would have saved the life of one of my constituents; requir-ing better fatigue management in all modes of transportation; improving the crashworthiness of passenger rail cars; and ensuring labor has a voice in safety investigations, among many key re-forms. Thankfully, we have before us today 
two supremely qualified nominees who will help us advance these key initia-tives and make our transportation net-work safer, more secure, and more reli-able. Again, I urge my colleagues to support them. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, all 
week we have been on an important piece of legislation on the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. Just to re-mind everybody, this is a bill to treat child prostitutes not as criminals but as the victims they are—obviously, be-neath the age of consent—and to recog-nize that the criminal organizations that traffic in human flesh for sale, economic, sex, and other reasons, are a real problem in our society. So much of what happens in this trade is really nothing more or nothing less than modern-day slavery—something we thought was relegated to the history books and didn’t exist in the United States of America, the freest country in the world. 
We got here through a rather strange 
set of circumstances, because the legis-lation that I introduced was broadly bi-partisan—which is a novelty these days. We had 10 Democratic cosponsors of the legislation. 
Then, when we had a vote in the Sen-
ate Judiciary Committee—Chairman G
RASSLEY kindly called up that bill in 
February—we had a unanimous vote of the Senate Judiciary Committee. All Republicans and all Democrats voted for it. 
Then we had another unusual devel-
opment. Majority Leader M
CCONNELL  
was left wondering: Am I going to have to go through procedural steps to get the bill to the floor? The minority, our Democratic friends, said, I think, fair-ly: This is not a controversial piece of legislation. We are going to agree to get on the legislation. 
But then something very strange 
happened. All of a sudden, some of our Democratic friends, including the Democratic leader, said: We are going to filibuster this legislation. You can imagine my surprise after that bipar-tisan record of cooperation leading up to that point. 
I was even more surprised when the 
stated reason for that was a provision in the bill, which was as plain as the nose on your face, and it actually was a provision of the law that was voted on unanimously by all of our Demo-cratic friends late last year. 
So it is a provision that has been the 
law of the land for 39 years, which they reaffirmed with their vote just late last year. 
This is what one of the 200 groups— 
law enforcement and victims groups— had to say about this discovery this week of this appropriations provision 
known as the Hyde amendment. It said: ‘‘Senate Democrats are choosing a phantom problem over real victims.’’ 
So I wish to take a minute to think 
about who is actually paying the price for the political games that are going on in the Senate. Who is bearing the consequences? Is it going to be the Re-publican Party or the Democratic Party in the next election? That seems to be the rage in Washington, DC. Peo-ple want to talk about the politics. 
But here we have children, typically 
between the age of 12 and 14, mainly girls, who are trafficked for sex and who have nowhere to turn. Our bill gives them an opportunity to begin to heal by penalizing the very people who demand this sex trade, taking that money and diverting it into services for the victims. 
Reflecting on what has happened this 
week and thinking that surely we can all get together on something as bipar-tisan as combatting human sex traf-ficking for children, surely we can fi-nally come together, all join hands to-gether and support this important leg-islation, I had to reflect: Why in the world would they ever want to come to the Senate if they are not going to try to help make the lives of these victims of human trafficking just a little bet-ter? I mean, we are all used to the hardball of elections and politics. We get it. We are all volunteers. We are grownup men and women. But these children shouldn’t have to pay the price for the political games that are going on in the Senate. And it is not only this legislation. 
I think it really speaks to: Why in 
the world would anybody want to serve in a body where all we are doing is fill-ing space and throwing obstacles to the passage of bipartisan legislation that is going to help some of the vulnerable people in our society? 
If this is our legacy, I just have to 
say: Shame on us. Shame on those who would put partisan political games and phantom problems ahead of the welfare of these child victims of human traf-ficking. 
Is this the legacy that any Member of 
the Senate, Republican or Democratic, would want to be known by? Yes, they served in the Senate, the greatest de-liberative body in the world. But do you know what they are remembered for? For stopping help for child victims of human trafficking. That is their leg-acy. Does anyone want that? I don’t think so. 
Why in the world would we squander 
a perfectly good opportunity to do ev-erything we can? This isn’t a panacea. This isn’t going to all of a sudden wipe out the issue of human trafficking in America, but it is a small first step to dedicate $30 million in a crime victims compensation fund—paid for by the very people who purchased these serv-ices and who are convicted and pay fines. This is a first step to take that $30 million and to divert it to help the victims of this sordid crime to begin to heal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.040 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1473 March 12, 2015 
So I ask our colleagues to reconsider, 
to reflect on why they are here—just to play partisan games, or are they actu-ally here to do some good? Is this what they want to be known by? Is this how 
you want to be remembered by your children and grandchildren? Is this how you want to be remembered in our his-tory books? And why in the world would you come to the Senate only to squander the opportunity to do some-thing good for the most vulnerable peo-ple in our country by blocking this leg-islation over a provision of law which has been the law of the land for 39 years and which all of our Democratic friends have repeatedly voted for time and time again, as recently as late last year in the Omnibus appropriations bill? 
This is a phantom problem, and they 
are choosing a phantom problem over real victims. It is beyond belief and I think deeply depressing. But there is an opportunity for our colleagues to rise above this partisanship they have displayed and to do the right thing. One would think the 10 people who have been cosponsors of the legislation would be for advancing this legislation, as well as all the members of the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee, Republicans and Democrats alike. One would think that since they have already voted for this provision, they would do so again and let us consider it, along with an open amendment process. 
In the end, this isn’t hurting us or 
other Senators. This isn’t just poi-soning the well here in Washington, DC, making it harder and harder for us to get things done; this isn’t just poi-soning our reputation in the eyes of the people we represent around the country who look to Washington and see nothing but dysfunction; it is squandering an opportunity to help vulnerable children who are the vic-tims of this sordid sex trafficking. I hope my colleagues will reconsider and allow us to proceed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 178 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
bipartisan Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act will go a long way to fight the scourge of modern-day human slav-ery. It was introduced back in January by a Republican, Senator C
ORNYN , and 
a Democrat, Senator K LOBUCHAR . As is 
done with all legislation, it was posted on the Internet for everyone to read. 
Not long after, 14 female senators on 
the Democrat side joined their female counterparts on the Republican side to call for a Judiciary Committee hearing 
on the matter. Chairman G
RASSLEY is 
committed to fighting human traf-ficking. So not only did he hold the hearing they requested, he promptly scheduled a markup on legislation to combat modern human slavery, includ-ing the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act. That markup was con-ducted in an open and transparent way. The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act was debated and amended in com-mittee. For example, the senior senator from 
Connecticut offered an amendment to this bipartisan bill on behalf of himself and the junior senator from Illinois. That amendment was approved. 
The Justice for Victims of Traf-
ficking Act was reported unanimously to the floor. Every single Democrat on the Judiciary Committee voted for it. Every single one. Soon after, the junior Senator from North Dakota called on me to take up this bill, which I was happy to do. 
The Democratic Majority did not 
bring this bill to the floor in the last Congress, and I was determined to try to do something about the terrible problem of human trafficking. Just a few days ago, every single Democrat consented to the Senate taking up this bipartisan bill. The Democrat Leader even committed to work to clear any problems that would arise on his side of the aisle, although he said he doubt-ed that any would. 
Well, no sooner had these words been 
uttered, then our Democrat colleagues began complaining about a provision that was sitting on page four of the bill. This provision was in there when this bipartisan bill was introduced. It was in there when the committee held a hearing on it. It was in there when the committee marked it up—at which point every single Democrat voted for it. And it was in there when every Democrat in the Senate agreed to pro-ceed to it on the floor. But now they are complaining about it and even threatening to filibuster this critical human rights bill over it. 
Now, I understand threatening to fili-
buster a bill that you oppose. But our colleagues are threatening to filibuster a bipartisan bill that they have co- sponsored, voted for, or in some cases, done both. 
We have been reasonable throughout 
this process. Consistent with that ap-proach, I suggest we resolve this bi-zarre issue the way the Senate has tra-ditionally done. I will be proposing a consent agreement where our friends on the other side of the aisle will get to offer a motion to strike a provision that so many Democrats voted to sup-port in the past. As part of my offer, I would further propose that such an amendment be the first amendment in order, and that it be decided as a sim-ple up-or-down vote. That is as fair as one can be. An up-or-down vote at a simple majority threshold. 
Not only is that the regular order 
way to resolve this issue, it is also the way that leading antitrafficking groups have said we should resolve this issue. For example, an official from the Coalition Against Trafficking in Women said, ‘‘Senate Democrats are choosing a phantom problem over real victims.’’ She said Senate Democrats should offer an amendment to strip out the provision if they don’t like it. And then she said, ‘‘Win or lose and move on.’’ 
I think that is good advice, Mr. 
President. That is precisely what I am going to suggest. And I hope my Demo-
cratic colleagues will take ‘‘yes’’ for an answer. 
Mr. President, the Senator from 
Texas, who has been a leader on this issue and is the craftsman of this bill— as has Senator G
RASSLEY , the chair-
man of the committee—has laid out how we got to where we are. It is sort of a mind-boggling, twisted path that makes almost no sense even to the cas-ual observer. The dilemma seems to be that our Democratic friends, having read and signed off on this bill all along the way, have suddenly discov-ered a piece of it they do not like. Well, of course, the way to eliminate a piece you don’t like would be to vote on it. 
So I am going to offer a unanimous 
consent agreement that would give our friends on the other side an oppor-tunity for an up-or-down, simple ma-jority vote on the provision they have recently discovered, after reading the bill for 2 months, that they find offen-sive. I will give them an opportunity with a simple majority vote to strike the provision which they find objec-tionable and which Senator C
ORNYN  
has pointed out has been part of the law for 39 years. 
In that regard, I ask unanimous con-
sent that when the Senate resumes consideration of S. 178, that it be in order for Senator L
EAHY or his des-
ignee to offer an amendment to strike the limitations language; that there be up to 1 hour of debate on the amend-ment equally divided between the man-agers or their designees; and that fol-lowing the use or yielding back of the time, the Senate vote on the amend-ment; further, that following disposi-tion of this amendment, the managers or their designees be allowed to offer amendments in an alternating fashion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
H
OEVEN ). Is there objection? 
Mr. REID. Reserving the right to ob-
ject. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, my friend 
the senior Senator from Texas could write a book on how the Senate has been dysfunctional. That chapter, which would become a huge part of what he would be writing about, would be on what has happened in the last 6 years. Talk about dysfunction. The Re-publicans have basically filibustered everything, and I mean everything—ev-erything. The decision was made after Obama was elected that they weren’t going to support anything, and to your credit, I say to the Presiding Officer and all Republicans, you stuck with it. You supported nothing Obama wanted to get done. So let’s not talk about the dysfunction of the Senate because the book on that has been written by the Republican minority for the last 6 years. 
Mr. President, the legislation dealing 
with human trafficking is going to pass this Congress, but it is going to pass this Congress without abortion lan-guage in it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.034 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1474 March 12, 2015 
There has been a lot of talk in the 
last couple of days about how to handle this issue, and the way to handle the issue is very simple: Just take it out of 
the bill. It could be done with a con-sent agreement in the matter of a sec-ond or two. So that is what we pro-posed, and we have been proposing it for the last several days. Take the abortion language out of this bill. If my Republican colleagues want to get something done, just take the abortion politics out of this bill. Unfortunately, for those who want to see this traf-ficking bill pass, Republicans are ig-noring the obvious path forward while setting a new low standard on all bi-partisan business that is conducted in the Senate. 
By saying that Democrats should al-
ways assume their Republican partners are just not being forthright, I guess it is our fault because time and time again, whether it is on the funding of Homeland Security or whether it is trying to solve a problem we have in the Middle East, there is always some-thing that comes out of nowhere— something so unusual, so unbelievable that we would have 47 Senators sign a letter directed to the Ayatollah. Never in the 200 years of this body has there been this level of interference in nego-tiations by the President until just a few days ago. 
The bottom line is this: Democratic 
Senators have been working in good faith on this critical legislation for years. Assuming their Republican part-ners were being forthright when they provided a list of changes that did not include the addition of the Hyde lan-guage, Republicans are now saying that trusting them was a mistake. 
There is a clear path forward to pass-
ing this trafficking bill, which is the goal shared, I hope, by Democrats and Republicans. Republicans should work with us to remove the unrelated abor-tion language that has no business being in this bill. Democrats are open to any number of ways to improve the language in this bill, but it is so sim-ple: Just take it out. Take the abortion language out. 
Today, Senator L
EAHY , a senior 
Member of this body, submitted text that omits the abortion language. One way forward would be for the Senate to adopt, not simply vote on, this text. Voting to reject the change Democrats are seeking, as Senator M
CCONNELL  
says he wants to do today, is not a via-ble path forward since it does not ad-dress Democrats’ concern that abortion language has no place in a bill designed to protect victims of human traf-ficking. 
This trafficking bill could pass 
quickly if the abortion language were removed, as I said. We hope Repub-licans will do the right thing in the in-terest of passing this bill and will work with us to remove the completely unre-lated abortion language that has no business being in this bill. 
I, therefore, object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. The majority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
want to make sure everybody under-stands what has been objected to. The provision that was in the bill has been in there for 2 months. Everybody had a chance to read it. It came out of com-mittee unanimously. No one objected to proceeding to it on the floor. 
I just offered the minority an oppor-
tunity for a simple up-or-down vote to strike the provision they recently dis-covered, and they have objected to it. 
Senator C
ORNYN , Senator G RASSLEY , 
and a number of others of you have worked very hard on this extremely important legislation. I brought it to the floor the other day, open for amendment, but we have not been able to offer any amendments because the minority doesn’t want to have an open amendment process and is insisting on trying to kill this important bill be-cause of a provision they claim some-how they missed. After its being in there for 2 months, they now suddenly find it offensive. 
So where we are is we are still on the 
bill, and we are going to pass this bill, I assure you. I want to assure Senators C
ORNYN , GRASSLEY , and all the people 
out in America who have been clam-oring for this bill—and I might ask Senator C
ORNYN , how many groups are 
there that are supporting this meas-ure? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. If I could respond, Mr. 
President, there are about 200 different law enforcement and victims’ rights or-ganizations, including the one from the chart I mentioned earlier, the Coali-tion Against Trafficking of Women. This is one of those rare subjects where people have genuinely come together in revulsion to this terrible crime but also in an attempt to do something meaningful to address it. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. So what I want to 
say to those groups is that we are going to stay on this bill until we pass it. I have offered the minority an op-portunity to have an up-or-down vote to take out the provision they have suddenly discovered is offensive to them even after having it in the bill for 2 months. Even the most casual ob-server would have to conclude that the minority is going to great lengths to prevent the Senate from even doing business on things that are overwhelm-
ingly supported. But I will say this to everybody out there who cares about this bill: We are going to stay on it until we finish it. 
I yield the floor. 
VOTE ON HART NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Chris-topher A. Hart, of Colorado, to be Chairman of the National Transpor-tation Safety Board for a term of two years? 
Mr. INHOFE. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from 
Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 97, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 70 Ex.] 
YEAS—97 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Boxer Rubio Sanders 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON DINH -ZARR NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Tho Dinh-Zarr, of Texas, to be a Member of the National Trans-portation Safety Board for the remain-der of the term expiring December 31, 2018? 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s actions. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will resume legislative session. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF TRAF-
FICKING ACT OF 2015—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk for the committee-reported amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.036 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1475 March 12, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment to S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Shelley 
Moore Capito, Steve Daines, Roger F. Wicker, James Lankford, Deb Fischer, Tom Cotton, Ron Johnson, Richard Burr, Daniel Coats, Roy Blunt, Chuck Grassley, Tim Scott, Pat Roberts, Bill Cassidy, Jerry Moran. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send another cloture motion to the desk for the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Shelley 
Moore Capito, Steve Daines, Roger F. Wicker, James Lankford, Deb Fischer, Tom Cotton, Ron Johnson, Richard Burr, Daniel Coats, Roy Blunt, Chuck Grassley, Tim Scott, Pat Roberts, Bill Cassidy, Jerry Moran. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived with re-spect to these cloture motions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the first- degree filing deadline be at 5 p.m. on Monday, March 16. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from West Virginia. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I rise 
today to discuss the Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act of 2015. I am proud to join with my colleagues to co-sponsor this important legislation, and I applaud Senator C
ORNYN and Senator 
KLOBUCHAR for putting together this 
bipartisan bill. The Justice for Victims of Traf-
ficking Act is a call to action. We heard a lot of discussion about it on the floor over the last several days. The horrible crime of human traf-ficking impacts thousands of Ameri-cans—mostly women and children— each year, and it occurs in cities, sub-urbs, and in rural towns. We cannot allow this horrendous crime to con-tinue. 
Last year, I hosted a forum at West 
Virginia State University to discuss how we could help in West Virginia to combat human trafficking. The event was very well attended and featured law enforcement advocates, academics, and State lawmakers. I also supported several bills when I was in the House of Representatives to further this fight and end this vicious crime. 
It is monstrous to consider the sex-
ual exploitation of a human being, es-pecially a child. We must stand up for those voices that have been silenced and say ‘‘no more.’’ 
While not in large numbers, traf-
ficking occurs in West Virginia’s small communities and towns, in our hotels and in our truck stops, in schools, and online. Several things contribute to trafficking in the Mountain State—the interstates running in and around, our high poverty and unemployment rates. We also have a drug epidemic which contributes to this problem. 
I am working in a bipartisan way 
with Senator J
OEDONNELLY to address 
this drug epidemic, but we must also say ‘‘no more’’ to this shameful crime. 
The Justice for Victims of Traf-
ficking Act will make it easier for law enforcement to identify and address patterns of human trafficking. It takes a needed two-pronged approach. It bol-sters the tools available to law enforce-ment to crack down on human traf-fickers and helps victims restore their lives through increased Federal re-sources. 
We need to take care of our sons, our 
daughters, and our neighbors and keep our eyes and our ears open. This is not a Republican or Democratic issue; it is a human issue. Now is the time to stand up and say ‘‘no more’’ to human trafficking. Now is the time to show broad support for these victims and punish traffickers to the fullest extent of the law. 
This bill has gone through a very 
transparent process. It was carefully considered and unanimously approved in the Senate Judiciary Committee. It has been available for every Senator or member of the public to read for months. Earlier this week each and every Senator consented to consider this bill on the Senate floor. It has widespread support from over 200 advo-cacy groups, including the NAACP, the National Center for Missing and Ex-ploited Children, Rights4Girls, the Na-tional Association to Protect Children, 
the Fraternal Order of Police, and the National Conference of State Legisla-tures. 
The innocent victims of human traf-
ficking have suffered enough. Now is the time for us to join together and 
pass this legislation and take a signifi-cant step to end this crime. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak on behalf of the nomination of Loretta Lynch to be Attorney General of the United States. 
It is interesting that this is a week 
when we have been engaged in a dia-logue about human trafficking, which is a serious and significant issue, obvi-ously. But it, along with many other issues, demands a strong Justice De-partment, and a strong Justice Depart-ment is not possible without a con-firmed Attorney General as a leader. 
Ms. Lynch has now been nominated 
over 4 months ago. It has been 124 days since her nomination, and she has still yet to be confirmed. I rise to speak on her behalf. 
I have visited with Loretta Lynch in 
person. I have observed her throughout the nominations process. My brother- in-law worked as an assistant U.S. at-torney with her in the Eastern District of New York in the late 1990s. I am im-pressed, as are many of my colleagues, by her credentials and her extensive experience, and I was gratified to see that the Judiciary Committee reported her nomination to the floor. 
I am disappointed that it has taken 
124 days to get to this point. I was pleased to hear the majority leader in-dicate that the Senate may take up her nomination next week, but I think it is important for the Nation to recognize how critical this appointment is and how we should not have let it go this long. 
I want to reflect back to probably the 
hardest elected office I held or will hold, which was mayor of Richmond. When I was a city councilman and mayor from 1994 to 2000, my city had the burden of having the second high-est homicide rate in the United States. We worked in our community together with everyone, especially law enforce-ment and community leaders, to try to bring down that scourge of violent crime that was affecting neighbor-hoods, especially the poorest neighbor-hoods. 
We were able, over the course of 7 
years, to achieve some very dramatic success to make our city safer, but along the way I learned a couple of very important things. The first was this. One can’t tackle major public safety challenges without a strong re-lationship between the community and the local police department. It is im-possible to make progress if that does not happen. Secondly, I also learned that one cannot tackle a difficult pub-lic safety challenge without a strong Department of Justice. We relied upon that partnership with our local U.S. at-torney’s office in the Eastern District of Virginia—all the way up through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.037 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1476 March 12, 2015 
main Justice and the Attorney Gen-
eral—in order to try to tackle and turn our city’s public safety situation around. 
Today there are critical issues facing 
this country—urgent issues facing this country—that deal with the relation-ship between our communities and law enforcement agencies. If there were ever a time when we would want to have a confirmed Attorney General in office without question marks sur-rounding when that confirmation will take place, it would be now. 
Over the last few months, we have 
seen a series of controversies that have torn at all of us as we have watched challenges and distrust between com-munities and law enforcement agen-cies. In early August, Michael Brown, an unarmed 18-year-old, was shot dur-ing a confrontation with an officer in Ferguson, MO. That shooting spurred nationwide protests and concerns against what many in Ferguson and elsewhere viewed as overly aggressive tactics by the police. 
A month prior to the death of Mi-
chael Brown, Eric Garner died as a re-sult of a police chokehold in July in New York when he was confronted over the selling of untaxed cigarettes. There have been similar instances in Cleve-land and Madison. It is not limited to one part of the country. It is not lim-ited to North, South, East, or West. There have been similar instances that have raised serious concerns about the connection between law enforcement and communities. 
There have also been horrible atroc-
ities committed against members of the law enforcement community, the deaths of two NYPD officers, Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, who were shot pointblank weeks ago in New York City while they sat in their patrol car. Yesterday, as we heard reported, there were shootings of police officers in Fer-guson, MO. 
These instances in cities around the 
country demonstrate a significant level of tension and even distrust be-tween the police and communities they serve, which are often minority com-munities or communities of color. 
I am here to say these tensions do 
not have to exist. They can be bridged. They can be solved. But it takes a fully functioning Department of Justice with a leader at the helm who has been confirmed to solve these issues. 
The Department of Justice has, 
throughout history and today, played a critical role in investigating cases such as this and some of the situations I mentioned. The DOJ has been able to come in and be involved and provide some calm to situations, provide some level of confidence that there would not be a sugarcoating or an effort to sweep legitimate questions into the closet in the community. 
In the State of Virginia, there is cur-
rently a DOJ investigation concerning the police shooting death of John Geer, an unarmed Caucasian who was shot on the steps of his residence in August of 2013. Local officials in that county 
have welcomed the involvement of the Department of Justice because they knew that citizens would have a great-er confidence in the outcome if it was being done by someone other than the officials who had been elected locally. 
There is a critical need at this point 
to provide some confidence to commu-nities that have questions about the re-lationship between their own concerns and the service of law enforcement de-partments, just as law enforcement de-partments want to have a way to build bridges with the communities they rep-resent. 
Loretta Lynch understands the sig-
nificance of the Attorney General’s role in these situations. She testified that one of her key priorities would be to work to strengthen the bonds be-tween law enforcement personnel, whom she has worked with during her entire career, and the communities they serve which she well understands. 
Last week, the DOJ released a report 
from their investigation into the Fer-guson policing practices that laid out a number of significant concerns that, if left unaddressed, will continue to lead to distrust in Ferguson and elsewhere. A strong Justice Department that can help mediate and bring the sides to-gether is a part of the solution. 
I raised these issues only to highlight 
that right now we are at a critical time in the Nation’s criminal justice sys-tem. A delay of confirming an Attor-ney General for 4-plus months is never warranted, given the importance of the position. A delay is not warranted in this case, given these strong creden-tials of Loretta Lynch, but the delay is especially unwelcome, given the urgent need to have leadership at the Depart-ment of Justice. They can try to calm any potential situations and build con-fidence in communities and among law enforcement agencies. 
We need our incoming AG to be on 
the job, taking on these challenges in a manner that will bring different as-pects of the community together, to make changes as necessary and to strengthen the equality of our criminal justice system for all. 
Of course, beyond the issue of com-
munity policing, we face so many other challenges, such as national security and terrorism, and in that respect the Eastern District of New York, which is where Ms. Lynch has served, has had one of the most significant dockets of antiterrorism cases of any jurisdiction in the country. She is an expert in those areas. Cyber security, the very human trafficking issues we have been discussing on the floor today, are issues Ms. Lynch has worked on signifi-cantly in her role, protecting voting rights, and so many more. 
Ms. Lynch is a no-nonsense, hard- 
working prosecutor known for her aplomb, her demeanor, her intel-ligence, and her ability to work with a wide variety of stakeholders. I am ab-solutely confident Ms. Lynch will ap-proach these issues with the same focus, fairness, and expertise with 
which she has approached her work in the past. 
I stand today to urge my colleagues 
to not wait, and to support Loretta Lynch as our next Attorney General. It has been said to the point where it is a cliche, but nevertheless a true one, that justice delayed is justice denied. The refusal to confirm a leader to head the most important law enforcement agency in the United States is a delay of justice that for many seems to be a denial of justice. We can rectify that concern in communities across this country if we act with dispatch to con-firm a person who is eminently quali-fied to hold the Nation’s highest law enforcement position. 
With that, I thank the Presiding Offi-
cer and yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Mississippi has graciously al-lowed me to speak before him, and I ask unanimous consent that Senator W
ICKER be recognized immediately 
upon the conclusion of my comments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, we have 
been working on the issue of human trafficking on a bipartisan basis for al-most a year, and it is usually bipar-tisan. 
I know when we included my amend-
ment on the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Reauthorization Act, most Sen-ators voted for it. Only 20 current Re-publican senators voted against that victims act, and the rest voted for it. All the Democrats voted for it. 
But on this issue today, the Judici-
ary Committee reported out a com-prehensive bill with strong bipartisan support. We did that last fall. This year we reported out a less comprehensive bill with fewer protections for those at risk of human trafficking, and despite that setback, I agreed to keep working across the aisle to make it stronger, in-cluding the crucial prevention piece that was in last year’s committee-re-ported bill. 
We have been on this bill for 3 days. 
I think we can all admit the progress has been thwarted by the inclusion of a divisive provision that would limit the services available to victims of human trafficking. 
I wish to propose a way forward. I 
know all Senators want to work to-gether to end human trafficking. And just as we saw on my bill, the Violence Against Women Act, 78 Senators voted for that act with its provision on traf-ficking. We want to support a bill that will pass the Senate. 
I filed a substitute amendment, Sen-
ate Amendment 300, to get us around 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.039 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1477 March 12, 2015 
our current impasse. It includes three 
things. First, the Klobuchar-Cornyn bill as reported earlier this month by the Judiciary Committee; second, the Cornyn-Klobuchar bill, also reported earlier this month by the Judiciary Committee, but without the divisive language that limits victims services; third, the Leahy-Collins-Murkowski- Ayotte amendment that was filed yes-terday to protect runaway and home-less youth from trafficking. 
This trafficking prevention bill was 
reported by the Judiciary Committee last year with the support of Senator G
RASSLEY , Senator C ORNYN , and nearly 
all of the other Judiciary Committee members, but has been narrowed here 
at the request of Republicans this year. 
I hope the combination of these three 
bills—and I do it in good faith—can bring us together. More importantly, it is responsive to the requests of sur-vivors and the many dedicated people who work with them to remove the un-necessary partisan provision that has resulted in this impasse. They need us to find a way forward. They need the Senate to stop playing politics and pass a meaningful bill. 
With that, I ask unanimous consent 
that letters written by a number of groups and others who support the re-moval of this divisive provision so that we can move forward on this traf-ficking legislation be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
THENATIONAL NETWORK FOR YOUTH , 
March 11, 2015. 
Hon. P ATRICK LEAHY , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATOR LEAHY : The National Net-
work for Youth is grateful for your leader-ship on human trafficking which is a dark mark on our modern society. Slavery has no place in America and we stand proudly with you to prevent and end human trafficking in America. 
The National Network for Youth, founded 
in 1974, champions the needs of runaway, homeless, and other disconnected youth through strengthening the capacity of com-munity-based services, facilitating resource sharing, and educating the public and policy makers. NN4Y members work collabo-ratively to prevent youth homelessness and the inherent risks of homelessness, including exploitation, human trafficking, criminal justice involvement, and death. 
Human trafficking is a bipartisan and non-
partisan issue. Together, we stand united against modern day slavery, including both sex and labor trafficking. Presently, we are at an important moment in the Senate with both parties unified to take a strong stand against human trafficking, from prevention to law enforcement, and service provision to survivors. We are so pleased that the Run-away and Homeless and Youth Trafficking Prevention has become a part of this impor-tant conversation and we thank you for your support of that legislation last Congress. 
The National Network for Youth is writing 
this letter with the hope that the U.S. Sen-ate will remove the partisan piece of the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act. This leg-islation is desperately needed and we cannot let this moment pass us by because of the ad-dition of partisan and divisive provisions. Respectfully, thank you for your work. 
Please work across the aisle to ensure that this critical trafficking legislation becomes the law of the land. 
Best regards, 
D
ARLA BARDINE , J.D., 
Executive Director, National Network 
for Youth. 
VERMONT COALITION OF RUNAWAY & 
HOMELESS YOUTH PROGRAMS , 
Montpelier, VT, March 11, 2015. 
Senator P ATRICK LEAHY , 
Russell Senate Building, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSENATOR LEAHY , The Vermont Coali-
tion of Runaway and Homeless Youth Pro-
grams wishes to express our ongoing appre-ciation for your efforts to move the Run-away and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act. As a longstanding champion of Federal support for efforts to assist vul-nerable runaway, homeless and trafficked young people, I know that you must be as frustrated as we are in recent efforts to in-sert an element of partisanship into what should be a broadly bi-partisan effort to pro-tect victims of human trafficking. The Run-away and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act and the broader legislation it’s amended to should be important oppor-tunities for citizens of the United States and lawmakers on both sides of the aisle to unite in moral outrage over the realities of vic-tims of human trafficking. 
Difference of opinion and the deliberative 
role of the Senate is part of what makes our democracy strong, but sometimes unity of purpose should prevail, particularly in ef-forts involving protections for the most vul-nerable among us. There should be no doubt that legislation involving the well-being of individuals who have been victimized by the most base of human behavior should be free of partisan wrangling. It’s disappointing and deeply distressing that this isn’t always the case. 
I write this letter to encourage your ef-
forts to remove partisan language from the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act in an effort to ensure that the Act and the RHY amendment that Senator Collins and you in-troduced move forward unimpeded. 
Again, thank you for your efforts on this 
issue. 
Sincerely, 
K
REIG PINKHAM , 
Executive Director, 
Washington County Youth Service Bu-reau/Boys & Girls Club, VT Coalition of Runaway & Homeless Youth Pro-grams Board Mem-ber. 
HUMAN RIGHTS CAMPAIGN , 
Washington, DC, March 12, 2015. 
DEAR SENATORS : On behalf of the Human 
Rights Campaign’s (HRC) more than 1.5 mil-lion members and supporters nationwide, I write to support the Leahy substitute amendment to the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act which would ensure critical protections for victims of trafficking and add necessary protections for runaway and homeless youth that does not include an ex-pansion of the Hyde Amendment language. Each of the components of this substitute amendment has strong bipartisan support. 
This amendment will help many vulner-
able populations including the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) commu-nity. LGBT individuals are particularly im-pacted by human trafficking and are at an increased risk for victimization globally. In fact, 10 percent of all trafficking victims identify as LGBT. They also make up a dis-
proportionate amount of the total homeless youth population. Recent studies have found that while LGBT youth comprise only 10 per-cent of the total youth population, up to 40 percent of youth living on the streets today identify as LGBT. 
Increased incidence of homelessness and 
family rejection make LGBT individuals—es-pecially youth—particularly vulnerable to trafficking. According to the Department of Health and Human Services Administration for Children and Families, one in four LGBT youth is rejected by their families because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. Due to this rejection, many LGBT youth find themselves homeless and living on the streets. Once on the street, these youth are targeted for exploitation and trafficking. 
Because homelessness can often lead to 
trafficking, inclusion of protections for run-away and homeless youth will result in a more effective Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act. Runaway and Homeless Youth Programs provide critical funding for sup-port systems that serve youth who become homeless. The programs funded by the act— including emergency shelters, street out-reach, transitional living and assistance for homeless youth in rural areas—can serve as critical, final safety nets for youth who would otherwise become victims of traf-ficking. 
According to the American Bar Associa-
tion, for LGBT people who are trafficked the societal stigma around their sexual orienta-tion or gender identity is an additional fac-tor that prevents them from accessing help or reporting abuse. This amendment provides important protections against discrimina-tion for LGBT youth by prohibiting any pro-gram funded by the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act from discriminating on the basis of actual or perceived race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or disability. 
We greatly appreciate your commitment 
to improving the lives of young people across America, including those who are LGBT. Thank you for your leadership on this crit-ical issue. 
Sincerely, 
D
AVID STACY , 
Government Affairs Director , 
Human Rights Campaign. 
Planned Parenthood Action Fund For Immediate Release: Tuesday, March 10, 
2015 
Contact: Planned Parenthood Action Fund 
media office: 212–261–4433 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD CONDEMNS EFFORT TO  
INSERT EXTREME ANTI -ABORTION AGENDA  
INTO BILL ON HUMAN TRAFFICKING  
WASHINGTON DC.— Planned Parenthood Ac-
tion Fund condemned efforts by Senator John Cornyn (R–TX) to advance an extreme abortion restriction as part of important bi-partisan efforts to establish greater protec-tions for victims of human trafficking. Fol-lowing is a statement by Cecile Richards, President, Planned Parenthood Action Fund: 
‘‘It’s outrageous that some politicians are 
using a bill to protect victims of sex traf-ficking to push an extreme anti-abortion, anti-immigrant agenda. This is politics at its worst. A bill that was supposed to help women is instead being used to hurt women. 
‘‘The Senate should protect victims of 
human trafficking but should not do so at the expense of women’s access to safe and legal abortion. The majority of human traf-ficking victims are women and girls, and they need access to the full range of repro-ductive health care services without bar-riers.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.042 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1478 March 12, 2015 
LEGAL MOMENTUM , 
Washington, DC, March 12, 2015. 
NEWYORK, NY.—Today, Legal Momentum, 
the Women’s Legal Defense and Education Fund, urged that a provision harmful to women’s health be removed from a human trafficking bill being considered by the Sen-ate, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (S. 178). 
‘‘The intent of this bill—to support sur-
vivors of trafficking—will be subverted if the provision is left intact. Human trafficking survivors—survivors of the worst kind of ex-ploitation, which our government has called ‘modern slavery’—who were raped and be-came pregnant should have access to the full spectrum of health services, including abor-tion,’’ said Legal Momentum’s President and CEO, Carol Robles-Roma ´n. 
Legal Momentum fully supports the aims 
of the bill minus the troubling provisions. The bill would enhance services for runaway and homeless victims of youth trafficking, improve the response to victims of child sex trafficking, and establish an interagency task force to monitor and combat traf-ficking. Harmful provisions that deny health care to victims, restrict women’s health op-tions, are harmful to immigrants, or fail to adequately protect the LGBT community, should be removed so that the bill can help victims of one of the most heinous crimes, human trafficking, which has been con-demned by the whole world. We urge all sen-ators to vote for the Leahy Comprehensive Substitute Amendment, which adheres to the bi-partisan compromises made when the JVTA was reported out of the Judiciary Committee. 
GIVEWAY TO FREEDOM , 
Essex Junction, VT, March 11, 2015. 
Hon. P ATRICK LEAHY , 
Russell Senate Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSENATOR LEAHY , Thank you for your 
ongoing leadership in the fight to protect victims of human trafficking and ensure that they receive full support and services to which they are entitled under federal law. Give Way to Freedom is a private operating Foundation based in Vermont that works with victims of trafficking throughout New England and southeast New York. Through this work we see first-hand the complex needs of victims of trafficking. 
As Vermont and New England continue to 
build our response to this heinous crime it is vital that victims remain the core focus of all efforts. We applaud your dedication to this principal, and support your efforts to ensure that victims of trafficking receive the full range of support and services they need to recover and rebuild their lives. 
Sincerely, 
E
DITH KLIMOSKI , 
Director. 
CENTER FOR AMERICAN PROGRESS , 
Washington, DC, March 12, 2015. 
Ranking Member P ATRICK LEAHY , 
Senate Judiciary Committee, Russell Senate 
Building, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEAR RANKING MEMBER LEAHY , I write 
today to thank you for your leadership in helping victims of trafficking and resolving the unacceptable situation with the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act (S. 178). The Center for American Progress extends our deep support for your Comprehensive Sub-stitute Amendment that removes abortion restrictions for the funds to help victims of trafficking and retains nondiscrimination provisions in the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act. Thank you again for your leadership in 
moving these important pieces of legislation forward without harmful restrictions. 
Sincerely, 
D
ONNA BARRY , 
Director of Women’s Health and 
Rights Program. 
Mr. LEAHY. I yield the floor, and I 
thank the Senator from Mississippi for his courtesy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi. 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, the dis-
tinguished Senator from Vermont is quite welcome, and I am glad we were able to accommodate each other. 
f 
NEGOTIATIONS WITH IRAN 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor today to discuss the grav-ity of the current situation with regard to the administration’s negotiations with Iran for a nuclear agreement. 
I believe it is important to note that 
we received some important informa-tion today in the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee that is helpful to us in this regard. 
This morning the Armed Services 
Committee heard from ADM Bill Gortney. He gave us his assessment of Iran’s capabilities and ongoing efforts to thwart international agencies. Ad-miral Gortney is the commander of the U.S. Northern Command. He is person-ally responsible for defending Ameri-cans in the United States mainland. He is an appointee of President Obama, and here are the words given to us today by Admiral Gortney: Iran has ‘‘committed considerable resources to enhancing its ballistic missile capabili-ties and has already placed another satellite into orbit this year using a new booster that could serve as a dem-onstrator for ICBM, intercontinental ballistic technologies. Despite inter-national condemnation and sanctions, Iran has failed to cooperate fully with the International Atomic Energy Agen-cy to resolve all outstanding concerns regarding its nuclear program, particu-larly those concerning its possible military dimensions.’’ 
These are the words from the head of 
the Northern Command in this admin-istration, and this regime, which Admi-ral Gortney described, is the very re-gime our President and Secretary of State have confidence will live up to any nuclear agreement. 
As the Admiral went on to say, the 
hope for a diplomatic solution should not come without vigilance, and that is what Members on this side of the aisle are trying to insist upon. We cannot ig-nore these warning signs of noncompli-ance and uncooperative behavior while expecting Iran to make good on its promises. 
A few days ago Prime Minister 
Netanyahu stressed Iran’s record of misconduct and sinister objectives in his powerful address to Congress. He emphasized that a nuclear Iran would have serious implications for the world, the region, and of course for Israel, one of our most steadfast allies. 
These concerns are important for law-makers, and I am glad we had a chance to hear them in person. 
With a record of foreign policy fail-
ures, I regret to say President Obama is under intense scrutiny to hold Iran accountable at this critical moment. He is under intense scrutiny because of these foreign policy failures. Like many of my colleagues, I am concerned and I think Americans are concerned that the administration might be too generous with concessions to Iran, as it has been with deals in past. 
The time is running out for the 
President to establish his legacy—a dangerous motivation for negotiations with the unreliable and volatile nation Admiral Gortney described today. 
At the very least, the Senate should 
insist on the passage of a partisan bill to ensure that the American people have a say in any agreement between the White House and Iran. Congres-sional approval would add legitimacy to any agreement, and I think that is important. Any foreign nation negoti-ating with the United States should be mindful of our constitutional system of checks and balances. Congress should also be discussing the appropriate steps to take if an agreement is not reached by the deadline this month. 
The President is now threatening to 
veto legislation that puts tougher sanctions on Iran. But shouldn’t there be consequences for Iran if they refuse to cooperate with international inves-tigators? Mistakes are too high to make excuses for stalled negotiations or to rely on wishful thinking about Iran’s intentions. 
As Mr. Netanyahu said in his speech, 
‘‘If Iran wants to be treated like a nor-mal country, let it act like a normal country.’’ 
Instead Iran continues to support 
terrorist groups and oppressive author-itarian regimes. We cannot afford to ig-nore its influence in unstable areas and how this influence could dramatically change should they be allowed to de-velop a nuclear weapon. 
Prime Minister Netanyahu’s speech 
is a reminder that Iran has made no ex-cuses for its belligerent aims and ties to terrorist groups. A bad deal would spell disaster for Israel, whose very ex-istence has been threatened by Iranian leaders. 
Israel and the United States share an 
unwavering commitment to keeping Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. It is unfortunate that criticism from the Obama administration surrounded the Prime Minister’s earlier visit. 
Meanwhile, the world is not safer. 
Global threats continue to multiply, posing complex challenges to Amer-ica’s national security issues. One looks at the unrest around the world, and it is easy to see how America is failing to lead. 
Another member of this administra-
tion, Director of National Intelligence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.006 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1479 March 12, 2015 
James Clapper, underscored the wide-
spread instability when he testified be-fore the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee last month. It is important to compare Director Clapper’s testimony with that of the Secretary of State ear-lier. Director Clapper, our Director of National Intelligence, said there were more deaths from state-sponsored mass killings, more people displaced from their homes, and a higher rate of polit-ical instability last year than we have seen in decades. In fact, 2014 was the most lethal year on record for ter-rorism. We are now facing unpredict-able instability as the ‘‘new normal,’’ according to this administration’s Di-rector of National Intelligence. 
The White House’s foreign policy 
team, however, seems unwilling to ac-cept these harsh truths. Listen to the words of Secretary of State John Kerry, our chief negotiator with Iran, in contrast to the words of our Director of National Intelligence. Senator Kerry said: 
We are actually living in a period of less 
daily threat to Americans and to people in the world than normally; less deaths, less violent deaths today, than through the last century. 
It is hard to square the testimony of 
our chief negotiator with Iran with the words of our Director of National Intel-ligence. 
Particularly troubling is the admin-
istration’s past reliance on empty promises from adversaries. Under President Obama’s watch, Vladimir Putin has invaded and annexed part of Ukraine, continued to support the bru-tal regime of Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad, and violated the Inter-mediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty. 
On February 27, we saw yet another 
troubling development in Moscow. Op-position leader Boris Nemtsov was gunned down in cold blood on the street after dinner in a secure, well- protected part of Moscow, just steps away from the Kremlin. The Russian Government has denounced Mr. Nemtsov’s assassination, but this is not the first time one of President Putin’s opponents or critics has been murdered. I will only note that Mr. Nemtsov is only the latest in a line of Putin critics who have mysteriously met their demise over time, and Rus-sia’s record of corruption and shameful disregard for human rights continues. 
In conclusion, U.S. leadership is of 
the utmost importance to global secu-rity and stability at this pivotal time. Director Clapper was frank in his testi-mony that ‘‘pervasive uncertainty makes it all the harder to predict the future.’’ That is why we must remain vigilant. America can succeed if we demonstrate the fortitude and resolve necessary to defend freedom and stop those who threaten it. This includes taking an honest look at Iran’s past and present behavior before we cut a deal we will later regret. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate in morning business and to enter into a colloquy with the Senator from South Carolina. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NEGOTIATIONS WITH IRAN 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, first of 
all, I wish to make reference to the fa-mous letter by Senator C
OTTON to the 
Iranians conveying to them the reali-ties of the U.S. Constitution and the situation as it will prevail, hopefully, and that is that the Congress of the United States must ratify any agree-ment between the United States and Iran. Anybody who says we shouldn’t ignores history and ignores the impact of this treaty. 
I signed that letter, and I believe it is 
a direct result of the President’s state-ment that he would veto any role the U.S. Congress should play in the ratifi-cation or nonratification of a pending agreement. That is what triggered the letter from Senator C
OTTON , and that 
is why I stand by it. 
Seventy-one percent of Americans 
believe negotiation with Tehran will not make a difference in preventing Iran from producing nuclear weapons, and 71 percent of the American people are right. 
Now I wish to speak with my friend 
from South Carolina about the situa-tion in Iraq today—specifically, the role Iran is playing and, even more spe-cifically, the combat that is taking place around the city of Tikrit. 
Tikrit is the hometown of Saddam 
Hussein. Tikrit is a Sunni stronghold. Tikrit is now under attack—the ISIS people who are occupying it—by Shia militia, including, specifically, the Badr brigades, and they are led and trained by Iranians. An individual named Soleimani, who is the head of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, is now the most visible leader. Soleimani is the same guy who sent copper-tipped IEDs into Iraq which killed hundreds of American soldiers and marines. We now are somehow accommodating the individual who is responsible for the deaths of brave young Americans. That is not only unbelievable, it is totally unacceptable. 
The question is, When these Shia mi-
litias get into Tikrit, how are they going to behave? There are well-docu-mented human rights abuses by these Shia militias. Again, these are the same Badr brigades that we fought against in the Battle of Sadr City dur-ing the surge. And now the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff said in Jan-uary: ‘‘As long as the Iraqi government remains committed to inclusivity of all the various groups inside the country, then I think Iranian influence will be positive.’’ I am not making that up. 
There is an AP story today that I 
wish to quote from entitled ‘‘Little progress in key plank of Obama anti-IS struggle.’’ Instead of reaching out for Sunnis, the 
Iraqi government has bolstered its already close ties to Iran and to Iranian-backed Shi-ite militias that have been credibly accused of massacring Sunnis, U.S. officials acknowl-edge. The Iraqi military’s reliance on Shiite militias this week to retake Tikrit, a Sunni stronghold, has complicated the prospects of political reconciliation, experts say. 
Human Rights Watch said in a March 4 re-
port that it has documented ‘‘numerous’’ atrocities against Sunni civilians by the Shi-ite militias . . . 
‘‘They see it as a Persian invasion of the 
Sunni heartland,’’ said John Maguire, a former CIA case officer with long Middle East experience who travels frequently to Iraq. 
I am interested in the reaction of my 
friend from South Carolina to this: 
After meeting with Abadi, Dempsey— 
That is our Chairman of the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff— 
told reporters he was given firm assurances 
that the Shiite-led government is committed to reconciling with the Sunnis. Asked in an interview whether he considered those assur-ances credible Dempsey said, ‘‘They seemed credible today.’’ 
Dempsey noted that during his helicopter 
flight over Baghdad, he saw worrisome signs of Iranian influence. He spotted a ‘‘plethora of flags’’ at checkpoints and elsewhere in the capital, ‘‘only one of which happens to be the Iraqi flag,’’ he said, alluding to the banners of Iranian-backed Shiite militias. 
Can we get real, I ask my friend from 
South Carolina, as to what is taking place? 
The Iranians are now in Sana’a, they 
are in Baghdad, they are in Beirut, they are in Damascus, and they are on the move. Meanwhile, this administra-tion, this President, and this Secretary of State pursue the mirage of a nuclear agreement that will somehow change the entire equation. 
I would also be interested in the 
views of the Senator from South Caro-lina of what the Saudis are doing, which is accommodating in their own way and possibly making plans to ac-quire their own nuclear weapons along with other nations in the Middle East. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, just to 
sum it up, our foreign policy is in a free-for-all. It is incompetent at its core. 
No one can feel good about Shia-led 
groups going into Tikrit with Iranian command and control. If we know any-thing about Iraq, the hope for Iraq is for the Sunnis, the Shias, and the Kurds to accommodate each other’s in-terests and to work together. So when we see a Shia-led effort against, as the Senator from Arizona said, the Sunni stronghold, with an Iranian com-mander on the ground who was respon-sible for killing Americans, and we think that is a good day for us, that is nuts. That is a bad day for America. 
Let’s talk a little bit about the Ira-
nian nuclear negotiations. I did not sign Senator C
OTTON ’s letter until the 
President threatened to veto congres-sional legislation to make sure that we would have a say about relieving the sanctions we created. When President Obama told the Congress—a bipartisan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.044 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1480 March 12, 2015 
group was being formed to make sure 
that Congress would have a say about relieving the sanctions that were cre-ated—that ‘‘I will veto your efforts to have a say,’’ then all bets were off at that point for me. 
So I want the Iranians to know, in 
case they are listening, the Obama ad-ministration, the P5+1, the U.N., can-not relieve congressional sanctions without our approval. I don’t know what kind of system they have in Iran; I am pretty well sure it is not Demo-cratic. 
To President Obama: When you indi-
cated that the letter that was writ-ten—the open letter to the Ayatollahs about Congress’s insistence that we have a say about sanctions we are cre-ating—you said: You have empowered 
the hard-liners. 
All I can say is that if the President 
of the United States believes there is a hard line and moderate split in Iran, I want to look at the deal now more than ever. Please name the moderate elements who are in the Government in Iran. And if these people are moderate, God forbid the hard-liners ever get in charge. The idea that there is a split is ridiculous. The President of Iran, the Foreign Minister of Iran are playing the oldest game in the Mideast. The moderates were gunned down in 2009. I can show my colleagues a moderate who was a young lady who was killed in the streets. Every moderate voice was crushed by force of arms, and our President in 2009 sat on the sidelines because he didn’t want to disrupt his chance to reach an agreement with the Ayatollahs. 
Mr. President: You scare me when 
you say you believe there is a moderate element in charge of Iran. Look what they are doing as you negotiate regard-ing their nuclear ambitions. They have taken down a pro-American govern-ment in Yemen that allowed us a plat-form to watch and attack Al Qaeda in the Arabian peninsula, the terrorist or-ganization responsible for the terrorist attack. The Houthis, an Iranian-backed group within Yemen, was able to take down the government that we were working with in providing us counter-terrorism platforms. The Iranians are supporting Assad, who has killed 220,000 of his own people, and the insta-bility from Assad’s brutality is putting the King of Jordan and everyone else at risk. Over 1 million Syrians have left Syria to go to Lebanon and Jordan. That is not a moderate regime. Mod-erate regimes do not support insurgencies that, through the force of arm, take down elected governments. Hezbollah is not a moderate voice in Lebanon. They are supported by the Iranians. They have had a record of at-tacking Israel and killing us for dec-ades. So Iran’s support of Hezbollah, of the Houthis, and of Assad—that is not what moderate people do. Now, in Iraq itself, the Shia militia who are roam-ing around Iraq are committing war crimes as I speak. 
So you are completely disconnected 
from the behavior of the people you are negotiating with, and you don’t under-
stand the Iranians at all. You are dan-gerously in denial or delusional about the threats we face and whom we are dealing with. 
So I am glad we wrote the letter to 
bring some certainty to the process. If the President of the United States ne-gotiates a deal with Iran and that deal includes lifting the congressional sanc-tions and he does it without our input, he will change a balance of power that has existed for hundreds of years in this country. 
We created congressional sanctions 
by a 100–0 vote over your objection. We are not going to let you tell us we have no voice in lifting the sanctions we cre-ated. We are not going to let the United Nations lift sanctions we cre-ated. 
The Iranians need to understand the 
following: If there is a deal between the P5+1 and they are telling you congres-sional sanctions will be lifted by sign-ing the deal, that is not accurate. They won’t be lifted unless we agree. I would vote to lift sanctions if I thought we had a good deal. I would vote against a bad deal because a bad deal will start a new arms race in the Middle East. 
I will sum this up. I have never been 
more worried than I am today with what is happening in the Middle East. You have people in our military cele-brate Iranian ground activity in Iraq that will expand sectarian conflict. When the Iranians are marching on Tikrit, that is not a sign that Iraq is coming together. To anybody on the American side who believes that is a good idea, what movie have been you been watching? 
To the President of the United 
States: We are going to insist to have a say about sanctions we created before you can negotiate their relief. I am sorry you may not like that. You may find this inconvenient, but we have a say, too. 
The bill we are talking about only 
deals with the sanctions we created. So I hope my Democratic colleagues who are so disappointed will understand why we, at least on this side, are pretty offended at the idea that the President can negotiate away sanctions we cre-ated without an input. You should be equally worried. The Israelis and the Arabs have told us one thing: Iran is the most destabilizing force in the Mid-dle East. This President and this ad-ministration negotiate a nuclear deal without saying a word about the havoc Iran is creating on the ground. 
If I were President, I would tell the 
Iranians we are not going to talk to you anymore about your nuclear ambi-tions until you stop destabilizing the region and invading your neighbors. We are not going to talk to you about your nuclear ambitions until you stop build-ing ICBMs that can threaten us, until you stop sponsoring terrorist organiza-tions. But not only has the President remained silent about Iran’s wreaking havoc throughout the region, he is ne-gotiating a deal—at least from what I have been able to find out about it— 
that is a North Korea in the making, and he wants us to be silent. 
To my Democratic colleagues and the 
President, we are not going to be si-lenced. We are going have a say. We are going to have a vote. I hope in a bipar-tisan fashion, we will vote a good deal in and a bad deal down. Under the con-struct, you have to get 60 votes to dis-approve the deal, so Republicans alone cannot kill it. 
If it is a good deal, we will know it. 
It will be a deal that gives the Iranians what they say they want, a peaceful nuclear power program. A bad deal is a deal that will allow them to have a nu-clear weapon one day. The only thing between a nuclear weapon, us, and Israel is the United Nations. Forget that. That is what we had in North Korea. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Could I ask my friend if 
he recalls the recent testimony by Henry Kissinger, probably the most highly regarded individual in America today? He voiced his concern. His fun-damental problem was that, as he put it, we have gone from negotiations to rid Iran from ever having the capa-bility of developing nuclear weapons to delaying it. So that on its face—and again, I want to remind my friend from South Carolina that he and I and our beloved friend, former Member of this body, Joe Lieberman, made visit after visit to Baghdad and to Iraq. We prob-ably were everywhere in that country on many occasions. And how well we remember the fight the surge brought on to bring stability to Iraq. It did bring stability. You remember the bat-tle of Sadr City. Who was it that our forces, our young men and women, were fighting against, the Badr Bri-gades? Guess who is fighting in Tikrit today. The Badr Brigades. 
The Senator and I have been to Wal-
ter Reed and many other places like that and have seen our wounded. Wounded by what? By IEDs, the cop-per-tipped IEDs that Soleimani made sure came into Iraq, that would pene-trate armor and wreak havoc and wounded so many and killed so many young Americans. 
It is now Soleimani who is visibly 
leading the fight in Tikrit. Strangely enough, our Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff saw so many flags— guess what—with the banners of the Iranian-backed Shia militias. 
I would ask my friend, isn’t this in 
some ways a Greek tragedy? Isn’t this in some ways a situation where we sac-rifice so much? And thanks to the in-spired, fantastic leadership of General Petraeus and Colonel McFarland and all of those individuals who fought so well and led so well, we had it won, it was stabilized. And now because of the President’s decision not to leave a re-sidual force, we are seeing capitals in the Middle East—whether it be Sana’a, Baghdad, Beirut, or Damascus—we are now seeing an overwhelming Iranian presence that is dedicated, among other things, to the extinction of the State of Israel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.045 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1481 March 12, 2015 
Mr. GRAHAM. All I can say is to the 
soldiers and to the military personnel who participated in the Iraq fight, you did your job. President Bush made mis-takes. To his credit, he adjusted. He made a lot of mistakes upfront, but he did adjust because the surge did work. 
President Obama was dealt a pretty 
good hand when it came to Iraq. Things were better on the security front. Eco-nomic and political progress was well noted. His decision not to leave a resid-ual force behind has come back to haunt us, Iraq, and the entire region. It was his decision. We tried to blame the Iraqis. That is just rewriting the his-tory. When he decided to turn down the entire recommendation of his national security team—the national security team’s entire recommendation—about doing a no-fly zone and helping the Free Syrian Army 3 years ago, every-thing Senator M
CCAINsaid about that 
decision has come true. Radical Islamists filled in that vacuum. 
What you see in the Middle East is as 
a result of bad policy choices, but what you see today is the beginning of the worst decision, which would be a bad deal with Iran in dealing Congress out. 
To the American people, here is one 
thing I promise you. We and the Con-gress in a bipartisan fashion will make sure that any deal, if there is one, ne-gotiating with the Iranians, will come to this body to be openly debated so you will know what is in it, and every Member of this Senate is going to take a vote as to whether it is good enough to lift congressional sanctions that we created. 
I promise we are not going to allow 
the most historic decision any Presi-dent will make any time soon to go without checks and balances. It will come to this body. We will have a vote. I promise you this: If this administra-tion believes there is a hard-line mod-erate split between those who govern Iran, it should scare you because it scares me. Given what Senator M
CCAIN 
has described, do you really believe there is a moderate element in Iran? 
I hope we can reach a diplomatic con-
clusion to the Iranian nuclear ambi-tions. They have been lying about their nuclear program for 20 years. I would like to see a good deal, but I will insist on voting on a deal that leads to con-gressional sanctions. 
To the Germans, our friends in Ger-
many, the Foreign Minister of Ger-many said the letter empowered the Iranians. With all due respect to our German allies, that is the most ridicu-lous statement I think I have ever heard. Requiring a deal between the Iranians and involving congressional sanctions to come back to the Congress should not embolden anybody. I don’t know if the deal you are negotiating goes to the Parliament—the Bundestag in Germany—but we do things a cer-tain way. The efforts of the French and the Germans to discipline Putin, how well has that turned out? We have a group of nations trying to deal with the most thuggish regime in the world acting like the Keystone Kops, in my 
view. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Could I remind the Sen-
ator that it is the same German For-eign Minister who criticized us and sat by and watched the dismemberment of a European nation for the first time in 70 years; the same Foreign Minister who keeps threatening Vladimir Putin if he keeps this up, and Vladimir Putin continues his aggression and will con-tinue his aggression as well. 
I can’t give up the floor without men-
tioning, again, my sorrow at the pas-sage of and murder of my friend, Boris Nemstov. The recent arrests by Vladi-mir Putin’s crack law enforcement team is reminiscent—they rounded up some Chechens—of everybody’s favor-ite film ‘‘Casablanca’’ where at the end, Claude Raine says, ‘‘Round up the usual suspects.’’ We have seen a scene from that movie again as the Russians have rounded up the usual suspects. Under this regime in Russia, we will never know who the murderers are of Boris Nemstov; and that, my friends, is a tragedy. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, today 
I rise to support the Justice for Traf-ficking Victims Act, and I want to commend the numerous Senators— C
ORNYN , KLOBUCHAR , and so many oth-
ers—who have worked so hard to move this act forward. 
I realize there are many of us who 
are new to this body, and I certainly am still learning my way around the procedural maze here. However, it is easy to see how frustrating this maze can be and how it keeps us from get-ting good things done for the people who elected us and sent us here. 
Last year I traveled my State, Alas-
ka, and one of the top concerns I heard from Alaskans is that they were tired of the gridlock, and they want to see a functioning government and an open process in the Senate. So here we are on a bill that is of immense importance to the country and to Alaska—a bill that has very broad bipartisan support. It comes to the floor with a promise of an open amendment process so all Sen-ators can be heard. Yet, a few of my friends on the other side of the aisle are preventing us from moving forward on a bill that will protect some of the Nation’s most vulnerable citizens. Evi-dently a provision in the bill that has been the law of the land for decades has now become an excuse among some not to move the bill forward. 
That is a shame for the country, and 
particularly for the victims who have been snared in the heinous world of 
human trafficking. As a former attor-ney general of the great State of Alas-ka, I have seen the horrible pain and suffering that human trafficking and cases of domestic violence and sexual assault can cause among our fellow citizens. I hail from a great State. We are proud Alaskans, proud of many things that are wonderful about our State. But like most States, we have problems. We have some of the highest rates of sexual abuse and exploitation in the country. Human trafficking is a big problem in my State, just as it is throughout the rest of the country. Since the human trafficking bill was placed on the calendar, I have been working closely with all of my col-leagues, not only on this bill but on an amendment that I plan on offering with many others, the Mann Act co-operation amendment. This is an amendment that would be a rare thing in Washington today, a truly win-win amendment for the Federal Govern-ment, State governments, and most importantly, for victims of human traf-ficking. 
Now, human trafficking is a problem 
that, unfortunately, comes in many forms and in many States—all States, in fact—in all corners of our Nation. In order to best combat human traf-ficking, we must work toward a seam-less Federal and State partnership in order to stop this growing problem. 
To that end, I have been proud to 
have worked with many Senators on both sides of the aisle—Senators H
EITKAMP , G ILLIBRAND , A YOTTE , and 
MURKOWSKI —on a simple yet straight-
forward amendment that incentivizes State and Federal cooperation on this important issue. 
The Mann Act cooperation amend-
ment will free Federal resources by al-lowing State attorneys general and local DAs to prosecute human traf-ficking cases that would otherwise be assigned to Federal Government pros-ecutors; or if Federal Government pros-ecutors do not have the resources to take on such cases, oftentimes they are not going to be pursued. 
At the same time, this amendment 
preserves the Federal prosecutor’s abil-ity to exercise prosecutorial options while, importantly, increasing trans-parency about decisions made on human trafficking cases. 
In human trafficking cases, it is 
often local investigators and local prosecutors who have the most infor-mation on these cases. As Alaska’s at-torney general, I saw this firsthand. We usually had great cooperation with our partners in the Federal Government. 
But when the Feds can’t take on 
human trafficking cases due to limited resources, they should be encouraged to allow State officials to take on such cases. That is the key goal of this amendment—to enable the resources and cooperation between State and Federal prosecutors to ensure that all cases of human trafficking are pursued, victims have justice, and perpetrators 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.046 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1482 March 12, 2015 
pay penalties. That is what this 
amendment will do. That is why I be-lieve it is such a win-win approach to State and Federal prosecutions with regard to human trafficking. 
This amendment also provides over-
sight and transparency by assuring there must also be communication be-tween the States and the Federal Gov-ernment when making human traf-ficking prosecution decisions. 
However, as to the broader human 
trafficking bill that so many Members of this body have been working on—so many on both sides of the aisle—if that bill dies on the Senate floor, so will the numerous amendments that would also advance justice for the victims of human trafficking, including the Mann Act cooperation amendment. This is just one of many amendments on this important topic. We should not allow this to happen. 
We need to get to work for the vic-
tims of human trafficking, who are looking for the Senate’s leadership to help stamp out this scourge of human trafficking, which is affecting our country in so many different areas. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
f 
DISABILITY INSURANCE TRUST 
FUND 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak again on the impending exhaus-tion of reserves in the disability insur-ance program or the disability insur-ance trust fund. 
As we know, disability insurance, or 
DI, is an important program adminis-tered by Social Security Administra-tion, or SSA. The impending exhaus-tion of the DI trust fund threatens dis-abled American workers with benefit cuts, under current law, toward the end of calendar year 2016. 
Once again, I am committed to work-
ing with anyone to ensure that those cuts do not occur. Unfortunately, the administration and SSA have yet to show they are committed to addressing this problem. 
As chair of the Senate Finance Com-
mittee, I will continue speaking on the floor about the imminent challenge that we face with the DI trust fund and about solutions. 
I will continue to reach out to share-
holders and to anyone who is inter-ested in bipartisan discussions aimed at achieving solutions. And I will be acting to at least begin to chip away at the financial challenges facing the DI program, which I have been warning people about for years—that it is going to go broke unless we do something to improve them. I do believe we should act at least to begin to chip away at the financial challenges the DI pro-gram is facing, while examining ways we can help improve and modernize the Social Security system itself. 
I once again call on my friends on the 
other side of the aisle and in the ad-ministration to join me in this effort. I wish to take a moment to note that 
some recent proposals to reform Social Security that have been put forward by some of my friends on the other side of the aisle are, simply put, irresponsible. We have seen proposals recently to raise taxes in the Social Security Pro-gram, usually to increase net progres-sivity in an already progressive struc-ture and then spend most of the rev-enue on benefit expansion without ade-quately considering the fact that even under their proposal we have gaping long-run holes in Social Security’s fi-nances. Raising taxes and increasing some benefits now, while still leaving an unsustainable financial structure in place, would be fundamentally unfair to younger generations of workers who will have to eventually pay even more taxes, suffer from benefit cuts or, more likely, both. 
The so-called progressive reform 
plans that tax more and promise more benefits, even though the promises are unsustainable, are surely poll-tested with demographic groups who probably do not scoff at promises of more bene-fits and higher taxes on the so-called rich. Those plans may help in fund-raising for numerous groups who try to benefit from the politics of fear sur-rounding the Social Security system. 
But those plans do nothing for 
younger generations of workers, aside from sending them a clear message that they are on their own. 
Again, this is irresponsible. More generally, some believe that we 
could solve all or most of the financial challenges facing the DI program and Social Security, in general, through higher taxes. 
To investigate whether that is the 
case, I made several requests of the Congressional Budget Office regarding this strategy. Recent analysis per-formed in response to those requests shows how difficult this approach can be. 
Most proposals to reform Social Se-
curity by raising payroll taxes would result in massive tax increases, par-ticularly on the middle class—on mid-dle-class Americans—which would neg-atively impact job growth and harm middle-income families. That is hardly what our economy needs. 
For example, according to CBO, if 
you wanted to generate long-term bal-ance between inflows and outflows for the DI program—using a DI payroll tax increase alone—you would have to in-crease the tax rate by 39 percent, which would hit low-, middle-, and upper-in-come earners alike, and it would hit hard. 
If you wanted to generate long-term 
balance for Social Security, generally, including DI and retirement, and try to do it by eliminating the maximum on earnings subject to the payroll tax and resulting benefits, according to CBO, a worker earning $150,000 a year would pay about 26 percent more in payroll 
taxes. A worker earning $200,000 a year would pay about 68 percent more, and a worker earning $250,000 a year would pay 109 percent more. Now, it may be that raising taxes by 
26 percent to more than 100 percent on those earners is something that my friends on the other side of the aisle are comfortable with—under the notion of taxing the so-called rich. 
I would note, of course, that while a 
family headed by someone earning $150,000 a year may be comfortable in many areas of the country, it appears that the ever-changing definition of rich is descending lower and lower into the middle class, as my friends on the other side have lectured more and more over recent years about inequality. 
Even if you were to eliminate the 
taxable minimum entirely but still provide corresponding benefits to upper earners in accordance with current law, only around 45 percent of Social Security’s long-run financial chal-lenges would be addressed. You would still need to hike taxes more, cut bene-fits, or both, to fully address the pro-gram’s long-term fiscal problems. Be-cause upper earners will pay more taxes but also receive corresponding benefits, since Social Security was de-signed to have such a correspondence, the policy of increasing the taxable maximum ends up giving higher re-placement rates to upper earners. 
That hardly seems to be a workable 
solution—since it doesn’t solve the fi-nancial problem, and it doesn’t solve the inequality problem that is so both-ersome to my friends on the other side. 
Perhaps just for the sake of argu-
ment, we should consider eliminating the taxable minimum, thereby raising taxes substantially on upper earners, and not giving them any corresponding benefits for those increased tax pay-ments. 
Of course, such a policy is bother-
some to some of my friends on the other side of the aisle, since it breaks the connection in Social Security be-tween what people put in and what they get out. 
Some would say that this would con-
vert Social Security into another wel-fare program focused on redistribution and away from a program focused more on self-financed retirement security and protection against income losses from disability. So, instead, maybe we should consider eliminating the tax-able maximum and give some small benefit return in exchange. 
Well, in such a case, according to 
CBO, you would still not be able to solve the financial challenges facing Social Security. Using scheduled bene-fits and replacement rates ‘‘would in-crease noticeably only for people in the highest quintile of lifetime household earnings.’’ I don’t think that result would be desirable to the tax-the-rich coalition. 
Let me continue by noting some re-
cent remarks on the Senate floor from the junior Senator from Vermont and the ranking member of the Budget Committee, who promises to put for-ward what he suggests is a courageous way to confront Social Security’s fi-nancial challenges. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.048 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1483 March 12, 2015 
Of course, he has not put forward any 
legislation or plan in this Congress. So if we want to talk specifics, we have to look at his previous plan, which he re-leased in the 113th Congress. 
Under that plan, the current taxable 
maximum is preserved, as are current payroll tax rates. The new twist is that his plan imposes current payroll tax rates on earnings above $250,000 a year, which, evidently, is where the distinc-tion between the so-called rich and ev-eryone else lies, in their opinion. 
That $250,000 threshold is not—let me 
repeat—is not indexed to inflation. Earnings subject to the tax above $250,000 a year would not be included in earnings used to compute benefits, which is to say that under this plan a worker would pay Social Security taxes on earnings above $250,000 a year, with no corresponding increase in So-cial Security benefits. 
Again, this would move the system 
away from a self-financed insurance program toward what some would call welfare and redistribution. Since the new $250,000 threshold is not indexed, eventually more and more earnings will become subject to increased Social Security taxes without getting any-thing in terms of benefits and return. 
In around 20 years, middle-class earn-
ers who today have just surpassed the taxable maximum will be pushed into the earnings category where they lose the connection between Social Secu-rity taxes and corresponding benefits. 
At that time, an indexed income 
equivalent of what is around $120,000 a year today will be deemed to be rich, with earnings above that amount wor-thy of being taxed more for Social Se-curity but not worthy of receiving any additional Social Security benefits. 
So what does the Senator’s scheme 
that, once again, was put forward in the last Congress, accomplish? Admit-tedly, it does extend the solvency of Social Security by around 28 years or so, but it still does not make the sys-tem financially sustainable in the long run, leaving an assured financial short-fall and attendant need for yet more taxes or benefits cuts, and leaving it to younger generations or workers to fig-ure it out. More than likely it will, in many respects, sever the connection between what people pay in to Social Security and what they can expect to get out of this program in terms of benefits. Once again, this represents a fundamental shift in Social Security policy, one that some may support but few are now willing to openly defend. 
I look forward to debating, dis-
cussing, and voting on any plan that any of my friends on the other side of the aisle put forward to tackle Social Security’s financial challenges, includ-ing any new plan the junior Senator from Vermont wants to put forward, particularly if it resembles the plan he introduced last Congress. Indeed, I would be anxious to see how many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to go on record in support of yet more tax increases and a funda-mental shift in the nature of the Social 
Security Program. 
In the meantime, we still have the 
pending depletion of reserves in the DI trust fund, which is something we will have to address before the end of cal-endar year 2016. 
From my perspective, the sooner we 
tackle this challenge the better, but it is hard to act when we have an admin-istration that refuses to engage in dis-cussion and seems to want to make this a partisan issue by putting for-ward a plan to reallocate payroll taxes from one trust fund to another without any further discussion or debate. 
What I continue to hear from the ad-
ministration and many of its allies in Congress are stale talking points, many of which are wrong or distorted, and a ‘‘take it or leave it’’ approach to deliberating over the reallocation scheme devised unilaterally by this ad-ministration. The only thing this ad-ministration appears willing to discuss when it comes to Social Security is its own kick-the-can strategy coupled with additional administrative funds for the SSA, either funded with yet more Federal debt or by crowding out spending on other discretionary pro-grams. 
Meanwhile, I am comforted by many 
in the disability advocacy community who are at least willing to have con-versations about how we can work to improve Social Security’s programs while also paying attention to its fi-nancial challenges. There are several groups currently hard at work ana-lyzing options and having debate and discussion about what we could look at for program improvements and fiscal responsibility. 
There is certainly more we can do to 
improve the DI system and help make it work better for beneficiaries. There is certainly more we can do to improve Social Security’s retirement side to help make it work better for modern family situations. There is certainly more we can do on the program integ-rity side, including some of the Presi-dent’s proposals and more. There is certainly more we can do to protect against frivolous decisionmaking by administrative law judges in the DI program—and there is plenty of that which is costing us arms and legs. There is certainly more we can do to reduce fraud in the DI program, which literally robs resources from those truly in need. 
Sadly, the Obama administration’s 
approach to DI and Social Security in general has thus far been largely to re-main silent, even in the face of the im-pending DI trust fund exhaustion. The only major structural change the ad-ministration briefly considered was adoption of the chained CPI in govern-mentwide price indexation coupled with benefit enhancements for vulner-able populations. However, the Presi-dent has since withdrawn even that modest proposal and has publicly stat-ed he would not even discuss the idea unless he was assured of getting yet another tax hike for the general fund 
to go along with it. 
As I have said before, it is premature 
to kick the can down the road again by agreeing on some payroll tax realloca-tion between the two trust funds in So-cial Security as a temporary patch of convenience and a patch that was uni-laterally constructed by this adminis-tration. 
Yes, there have been reallocations 
among many trust funds in the past, under many varying circumstances, and, yes, many of them have had bipar-tisan support, but we have known about this coming shortfall for roughly 20 years. In other words, Congress has 
had roughly 20 years to come up with solutions to help put the DI program and perhaps Social Security in general on a path to long-term financial sus-tainability, and Congress has failed. 
We are now being asked by the cur-
rent administration to double down on that failed approach—to do another re-allocation of push the problem further down the road and hope that in the in-terim Congress will not fail again. 
President Obama, in other policy 
areas, has argued that if decades show a policy is not working, then ‘‘it’s time for a new approach.’’ Sadly, that senti-ment does not seem to apply when he is talking about Social Security. 
As I have said before, it seems we 
have two paths to choose from; one is the path I prefer, involving examina-tion and discussion of what we can do to enhance the DI program and its fi-nances and what we can agree upon; the other is to engage in divisive polit-ical rhetoric and demagogue the issue even further, which is irresponsible, in my view, and not what disabled Amer-ican workers and all workers insured by the DI program should tolerate. 
I repeat my previous call to my col-
leagues in the Senate: To anyone from either party who wishes to engage in a constructive dialogue about how to fix and improve the DI program and Social Security in general, my door is open. In the meantime, I plan to take what-ever steps I can as the chairman of the committee of jurisdiction to help pre-serve these programs for beneficiaries in the near and long term. 
We can’t keep going down this way of 
always demanding more taxes and more spending to solve problems we could have solved a long time ago. We are going to have to get serious about this, and I intend to see that we do. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SPORTSMEN’S ACT 
Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor today to speak on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.049 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1484 March 12, 2015 
Sportmen’s Act of 2015, and I will start 
out by acknowledging the great work by the chair of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI of Alaska, who has been a great 
partner in quickly moving this legisla-tion forward. 
The Sportsmen’s Act of 2015 is gain-
ing new momentum and earning wide-spread bipartisan support from both sides of the aisle, from the east coast to the west coast and, frankly, every-where in between. Improving access for hunters and anglers, restoring wildlife habitat, and protecting the way of life that so many of us cherish are things we can all agree on because as Ameri-cans we all have a unique and deep con-nection to the outdoors. 
The Sportmen’s Act of 2015 includes a 
broad array of bipartisan measures to enhance opportunities for hunters, an-glers, and outdoor recreation enthu-siasts. It reauthorizes key conservation programs, improves access to our pub-lic lands, and helps boost the outdoor recreation economy. Hunting is a way of life for me and for many families across this great Nation, 
Similar to many New Mexicans, my 
11-year-old son and I went out hunting on public land last fall. The bull elk we brought home will feed our family for most of the coming year, but more im-portantly the experience of back-packing into the Sangre de Cristos and Carson National Forest, sleeping on the ground, and hearing the elk bugle all around us will feed my son’s imagi-nation for decades to come. 
The Sportmen’s Act will help ensure 
that American families can pass on these outdoor traditions year after year and for generations to come. 
When I travel around New Mexico 
and talk with sportsmen and sports-women, their No. 1 issue is access, and that is why I am so pleased that a pro-vision I have been championing to unlock countless public lands is in-cluded in this package. Public lands, such as the Gila Wilderness, Valles Caldera National Preserve, and the Rio Grande del Norte National Monument are some of the most special places to hunt and fish left on the planet. 
The HUNT Act directs all Federal 
public land management agencies to identify our shared lands where hunt-ing and fishing and outdoor recreation are permitted but where access is non-existent or significantly restricted and develop plans to provide that access. 
Additionally, a provision led by my 
colleague, Montana Senator J
ON 
TESTER , is also included in this bill to 
require a percentage of our annual Land and Water Conservation Funds to be made available to improve rec-reational access to difficult-to-reach public lands. 
Among many other bipartisan, prag-
matic efforts to enhance opportunities for hunters and anglers, the Sports-men’s Act would reauthorize NAWCA, 
the North American Wetlands Con-servation Act, the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, and the Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act. It is clear these efforts increase and 
reaffirm our country’s commitment to the conservation of fish and wildlife habitat, but they are just as important for the future of our economy across the West. 
Nationally, according to the Outdoor 
Industry Association, more than 140 million Americans either make their living off the outdoors or make outdoor activity a priority in their daily lives. When they do that, they end up spend-ing $646 billion on outdoor recreation, resulting in quality jobs for another 6.1 million Americans. 
In my home State of New Mexico—a 
small State with just 2 million people— outdoor recreation generates more than $6 billion a year. It provides 68,000 jobs and $1.7 billion in wages and an-nual salaries. 
A survey done recently by New Mex-
ico Game and Fish found that sports-men alone spend more than $613 mil-lion per year in our State. This boost to our economy is felt by business own-
ers, outfitter guides, hotels, res-taurants, gas stations, and the entire local community—especially in our rural communities. The truth is our deep connection to the outdoors is part of the American experience and it is part of our heritage and culture in the West. It is something we learn from our mothers and fathers and pass down to our sons and our daughters. 
The Sportmen’s Act will help protect 
that heritage and ensure it continues for generations to come. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for in-
dulging me, and I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING VIETNAM VETERANS 
AND NORTH DAKOTA’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN VIET-NAM 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, 
today I rise to speak about and honor our Nation’s Vietnam veterans, par-ticularly North Dakota’s Vietnam vet-erans. Since I took office, I have made it a priority to travel throughout North Dakota to meet with my State’s veterans, so many wonderful men and women who continue to serve not only their country but also our State and their communities. All these veterans deserve a place of honor in our society. 
We are in the midst of the 50th anni-
versary of the Vietnam war. On May 25, 2012, President Obama issued this proc-lamation calling on the Nation to honor Vietnam veterans and to honor particularly those brave servicemem-bers who gave their lives in service to their country. 
This special period of honoring our 
Vietnam veterans runs through 2025. Today I follow up on a commitment I 
made last year. I want to focus on North Dakota’s soldiers who lost their lives in Vietnam. In this effort, I have partnered with students from Bismarck High School in researching these sol-diers. I want to thank their instruc-tors, Lori Forde, Sara Rinas, and Alli-son Wendel for coordinating this 
project and sharing their students’ re-search with my office. I think this is a wonderful partnership to explain and to research a war that was long forgot-ten for many of these young students. 
Throughout this effort I want to 
make sure our Nation never forgets the needs of our Vietnam veterans. I want to make sure our Nation continues fur-ther to honor them. I have a poster that we have created that will be placed in every one of our offices, both in Washington, DC, and in my various State offices. I am hopeful we will be able to distribute this poster through-out all of the veterans service organi-zations in North Dakota as we con-tinue this period of remembrance. 
In North Dakota, we take much pride 
in our history and devotion to service. When our Nation, our State, and our community are called, North Dakotans stand up—no matter what the cost. And 198 sons of North Dakota did not make it home from the Vietnam war; 198 sons of North Dakota gave their lives in service to the freedom of this country. These sons, brothers, and fa-thers have made the ultimate sacrifice. 
Today, I want to honor them individ-
ually by talking about the lives of these individuals—some of these indi-vidual members. I intend throughout this Congress to come to the floor and remember each one of them individ-ually and remember each one of their sacrifices. 
DAVID ELSBERND  
So today, I begin with David 
Elsbernd. He was born June 28, 1949, and he was from the community of Crosby. He served in the Army in the 196th Light Infantry Brigade. The date of his death was September 9, 1969. He was 20 years old. David had a sister and three brothers—one who also served. The brother who also served was in-jured in Vietnam. David’s father re-members him as a kind, generous per-son who thought of everyone else first. 
Fellow soldier Paul Hughes wrote the 
book ‘‘The Light Within,’’ which in-cludes an account of David’s death. Da-vid’s family is thankful to his fellow soldiers and friends for taking care of him. 
ELROY BEIER  
Elroy Beier was born February 26, 
1947, and grew up in Langdon. He served in the Army in the 101st Air-borne Division. His date of death was May 5, 1968. He was 21 years old. He had three brothers and one sister. His mother Violet was proud to be a Gold Star Mother and was a member of the VFW and the American Legion Auxil-iary. 
Elroy played basketball for Langdon 
Area High School. In Vietnam, Elroy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.051 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1485 March 12, 2015 
was injured while firing at opposing 
forces to help his fellow soldiers return to safety. Despite his injury, Elroy re-fused to return to the United States. After healing, he bravely stood his ground in a firefight to help his fellow soldiers but was fatally wounded. 
Elroy’s nephew, Marcus, was inspired 
by Elroy’s bravery and sacrifice and, as a result, he joined the military. 
JOHN LUNDIN  
John Lundin was born February 3, 
1932. His hometown was Sentinel Butte. He served in the Army, Advisory Team 91. The date of his death was April 25, 1970. He was 38 years old. John was the oldest of eight children. 
While stationed in Germany, he met 
and married Charlotte. When he was killed in action, he left behind Char-lotte and 3 children, ages 14, 9, and 4. 
Before his deployment to Vietnam, 
the Army taught him the Vietnamese language. He was posthumously award-ed the Silver Star for gallantry in ac-tion and the Bronze Star for valor. John’s family cherishes the letter the Army gave them describing John’s her-oism the day he died, when he sac-rificed himself by drawing fire away from his fellow soldiers. 
I want to give special thanks to Bis-
marck High School students Emily Schmid, Brittany Hawkinson, McKenzie Rittel, and Shelby Wittenberg for reaching out to John Lundin’s family and learning this im-portant information about John’s life and his extraordinary service. 
MARVIS BRISS  
Marvis Briss was born November 6, 
1948. He grew up in Binford. He served in the Army, 11th Battalion, 9th Infan-try Division. He died May 28, 1969, at the age of 20. 
Marvis grew up on a farm, and his 
siblings remember him as a wonderful brother. His family is honored that he was so brave. He earned the Air Medal for meritorious achievement, out-standing degree of professionalism, and devotion to duty, and the Army Com-mendation Medal for heroic actions in keeping with the highest traditions of military service. 
Marvis was pictured in the 1969 LIFE 
magazine article about the 242 Amer-ican soldiers killed in 7 days in the Vietnam war. 
KENYON BEAN  
Kenyon ‘‘Ken’’ Bean was born May 25, 
1946. He grew up in Williston. He served in the Army, 35th Infantry, 25th Infan-try Division. His date of death was May 19, 1967. He was 20 years old. Ken was the oldest of three. Ken’s sister Cheryl and brother Lowell remember his won-derful sense of humor and his strong desire to farm. 
He earned the Bronze Star, Purple 
Heart, and the National Defense Serv-ice Medal for heroism in his attempt to move his critically injured platoon leader to safety while under sniper fire. 
His commanding officer cited Ken’s 
courageous self-sacrifice and inspiring bravery as reflecting great credit upon himself and the U.S. Army. PAUL WOLOS  
Paul Wolos was born July 22, 1947. He 
is from Canada, but he enlisted in Fargo. He served in the Marine Corps, 1 Marine Expeditionary Force, 1st Ma-rine Division. He died May 28, 1967. At the time of his death, he was 20 years old. 
His uncle, a U.S. Marine, sponsored 
him so that as a Canadian he could en-list in the U.S. Marine Corps. Paul was proud to volunteer and to serve the United States as a marine so he could fight communism. 
Paul signed a noncitizen waiver so he 
could serve in-country in Vietnam with his unit. One story that his friends re-call is on a hunting trip Paul was so proud of his service as a U.S. Marine, that when he went home for Christmas after basic training, his friends joked that Paul didn’t take his uniform off once. 
DAVID BERDAHL  
David Berdahl was born January 16, 
1953. He grew up in Minot. He served in the Army, 101st Airborne Division. His date of death is stated to be January 20, 1972. He was 19 years old when he went missing. 
David is the first son born of 13 chil-
dren. His family remembers him as al-ways helping others. During the Minot floods of 1969, the family moved to safe-ty, but David stayed in town, sandbag-ging all night long. 
At age 17, David expressed interest in 
joining the Army, but his mom asked him to wait. At 18, he joined on his own. 
In Vietnam, he started as a heli-
copter mechanic. He offered to go on a helicopter rescue mission, but the heli-copter was shot down, causing it to catch fire and costing David his life. 
RICHARD ‘‘DICK’’ OLSON  
Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Olson, born June 8, 
1949, grew up in Grand Forks. He was in the Marine Corps, 1st Battalion, 4th Marines. His date of death was April 26, 1968. He went missing at age 18. 
Richard was survived by his parents, 
two sisters, and a brother. He loved to sing and was in a band for some of his teenage years. His sister, Roberta, re-members his generosity and tells about how Dick once bought groceries for a friend in need and how once Dick lit-erally gave the shirt off his back so his friend would have a nice shirt to wear the day he enlisted in the Marines. Dick entered the Marine Corps at age 17 and was killed in action 1 year later. 
MERLIN LABER  
Merlin Laber was born September 5, 
1947, and grew up in Sykeston. He served in the Army, 198th Light Infan-try Brigade. The date of his death was May 14, 1969. He was 21 years old. 
He was the oldest of nine children; he 
had four brothers and four sisters. His father served in World War II. Two of his brothers also served in the mili-tary, one in Korea and Vietnam and the other in the Middle East. Merlin loved cars, and he held the Sykeston record in track. He was also featured in the 1969 LIFE magazine article about 
the 242 American soldiers killed in 7 days in the Vietnam war. 
THOMAS ‘‘TOM’’ BEYER  
Tom Beyer was born March 10, 1941. 
He grew up in Fargo. He served in the Air Force, 20th Tactical Support Squadron. His date of death was July 30, 1968. He was 27 years old when he went missing. 
He was survived by his wife Karen 
and his two children, Sandra and Ste-ven. He was preceded in death by one son, John. The family remembers Thomas as a wonderful person. He graduated from NDSU and enjoyed his family, flying, playing the piano, hunt-ing, and golf. After his death, he was promoted from captain to major. His remains were recovered and laid to rest in Fargo in 2010. 
CHARLES WENDT  
Charles Wendt was born February 24, 
1947, and grew up in Dickinson. He served in the Army, 4th Infantry Divi-sion. His date of death was June 5, 1968, 
and he was 21 years old. His father, also named Charles Wendt, served in the Army. 
Prior to joining the Army at age 20, 
Charles worked for Viegel Engineering, which is now KLJ, one of the most prominent engineering firms in the State of North Dakota. 
DOUGLAS PIERCE  
Douglas Pierce was born September 
24, 1952. He was from Illinois, but he was living in Fargo when he enlisted. He served in the Army, 1st Cavalry Regiment. His date of death was No-vember 26, 1971, and he was 19 years old. 
His father worked as a VA hospital 
administrator in several cities, includ-ing Fargo. Two brothers, Vince and Mark, also died as a result of the Viet-nam conflict. Doug was a straight-A student, an A-plus student who wanted to serve his country. He loved Appa-loosa horses. His twin sister, Debby, fondly remembers the day when, as children, they attended a Hollywood parade and Doug ran into the street to pick up and keep the horseshoe that fell off of the foot of Roy Rogers’ horse, Trigger. 
DALE AMUNDSON  
Dale Amundson was born July 11, 
1948. He was from Finley and served in the Army, 1st Infantry Regiment. Oc-tober 30, 1968, was his date of death at the age of 20. 
One of his nephews is named after 
him. His nephew is named Dale. In high school, he was one of the charter mem-bers of the first FAA chapter in Finley. Private First Class Amundson died about 2 months after beginning his service in Vietnam. 
WILLIAM BACKER  
William Backer was born June 28, 
1949. He was from Mandan. He served in the Marine Corps, 2nd Battalion, 1st Marine Regiment. His date of death was January 12, 1968. He died at the age of 18. 
William was a third-generation vet-
eran. His grandfather served in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.054 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1486 March 12, 2015 
Army in World War I and was awarded 
the Silver Star. His father served in the Army in World War II. William had three brothers: Paul, Jim, and John. William’s brothers remember him as a dedicated marine who gave his life for a cause in which he strongly believed. They cherish the memories and the stories they keep in their hearts today about their brother. 
GILBERT ‘‘GIL’’ BARGMANN  
Gil Bargmann was born July 26, 1950. 
He grew up in Hannover, served in the Army, 4th Battalion, 9th Infantry Regi-ment. He died on June 19, 1969, at the age of 18. 
Gil had three brothers and two sis-
ters. He grew up on a dairy farm in the Hannover area. One of his squad broth-ers credits Gil for saving his life by covering his flank the day Gil died. 
Gil’s niece, Briana, connected three 
men who served with Gil in Vietnam with Gil’s family. Three of Gil’s friends and two of their wives traveled to Han-nover to meet Gil’s mother and sib-lings. 
I am struck as I go through these 
names and as I review all of the people, and I am struck, sitting by children who are maybe just 2 years younger than these brave men who served our country. I know it is impossible to pre-dict what amazing things they would have done had they not sacrificed their lives. So it is so important that we rec-ognize their heroism, that we recognize their sacrifice, and that we honor them during this period of recognition of the sacrifices of the Vietnam war. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ATF PROPOSAL ON M855 
AMMUNITION 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, in my 
home State of Kansas, we enjoy a spe-cial way of life. I have talked about it many times on the Senate floor. That special way of life includes a rich tradi-tion of hunting, target shooting, and other law-abiding activities covered by our Second Amendment rights. Our State welcomes nearly 300,000 hunters each year, and in turn those individ-uals create jobs and economic oppor-tunity for many Kansans. 
I was disturbed to learn of a recent 
proposal by the Bureau of Alcohol, To-bacco, Firearms and Explosives. On Friday, February 13, the ATF pro-posed—without any instruction from Congress, on its own volition—a frame-work to determine whether M855 am-munition, which is popular for hunting and target shooting, is primarily in-tended to be used for sporting or if it is more likely to be used in handguns by criminals. ATF indicated it wants to 
ban the ammunition, which has been used by law-abiding citizens, including Kansans, for decades because it is ‘‘armor piercing’’ and, therefore, poses a risk to the safety of law enforcement officials. 
The fact is that almost all rifle am-
munition is armor-piercing. The Law Enforcement Protection Act of 1986, which ATF cites as a statutory author-ity to ban this ammunition, specifi-
cally exempts armor-piercing ammuni-tion ‘‘which the Attorney General finds is primarily intended to be used for sporting purposes.’’ Congress’s intent for providing this exemption was clear: Law-abiding citizens should not be de-prived of their right to use this ammo for legitimate purposes, such as target shooting, hunting, and shooting com-petitions. In fact, Kansans, who ex-pressed their concern to me about this issue in recent weeks, have consist-ently indicated that the proposed ban would directly interfere with their sporting uses and, more broadly, their Second Amendment rights. 
Most troubling about the ATF pro-
posal was how it intended to judge ‘‘likely use’’ of this ammunition. ATF planned to judge that M855 ammuni-tion is more likely to be used in a handgun for criminal purposes rather than for sporting purposes simply based upon the bullet’s weight and type of firearm in which it could be loaded. What was missing was any interest by ATF in the law-abiding ammunition consumers across the county. How might they use the ammunition? How could ATF determine primary intended use without conducting a study on how that ammunition actually would be used by the public? 
The ATF framework failed to make 
any objective conclusions and would have served as nothing more than a tool for increased gun restrictions—and I would say increased gun restrictions that weren’t passed by Congress. 
Last week, the Senate Judiciary 
Committee chairman, Senator G
RASS -
LEY, circulated a letter among my col-
leagues and to me directed at ATF Di-rector B. Todd Jones outlining these and many other concerns related to the proposed framework to ban this ammu-nition. I join Senator G
RASSLEY in 
signing this letter, and I am thankful it appears that our message was re-ceived because on Tuesday of this week the ATF announced that it will ‘‘for-mally delay’’ the implementation of the proposed ammunition ban. I thank the thousands—in fact, tens of thou-sands of Americans who voiced their concerns both to Congress and to ATF. ATF received an incredible 80,000 pub-lic comments on the proposed frame-work. 
Congress has never banned this am-
munition and has never intended to ban it. In the future, the ATF should not propose to ban any widely used form of ammunition favored by law- abiding civilians for lawful purposes. 
Again, I am thankful that the pro-
posed framework has now been re-scinded, and I will continue my efforts 
in the Senate to support the Second Amendment freedoms of all Americans. 
I yield to the Senator from Ohio. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the good work of the Senator from Kansas. We have worked on, in the Banking Committee, a number of issues together, and I appreciate the work we have been able to do across party lines. So I thank the Senator for that. 
f 
TRADE TRANSPARENCY 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I am 
joined on the floor this evening by Sen-ator C
ASEY . Just 2 weeks ago, he and I 
and a half dozen other Senators came to the floor in an unusual configura-tion. It is not something Senators do all that often. We came as a group, but each spoke individually about our con-cerns with trade promotion authority and the Trans-Pacific Partnership, both the so-called fast track and the trade agreement that is being nego-tiated among the United States, Can-ada, Mexico, some Pacific nations, and Peru, I believe, too, as well as nations in Asia. 
The concerns we have and the con-
cerns an increasing number of Senators have about trade promotion authority, about fast track—they changed the name because they knew the public did not like fast track, so they tried to ob-scure it by coming up with some tech-nical-sounding name—trade promotion authority. We have increasingly seen the public rising up against these trade agreements because we have watched them for some 20 years, and we have seen the damage the North American Free Trade Agreement did to the United States, to our economy, and to workers around the world. We have seen that has been sort of a prototype for the next generation of CAFTA and other agreements in Colombia and Peru and now the Trans-Pacific Part-nership. 
I want to discuss this, in part, be-
cause we know so little about the U.S. Trade Representative’s upcoming trade agenda and specifically the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership. The way we pass trade agreements, and it is important for colleagues to understand this, stands in a class by itself. No other leg-islation we do is as hidden not only from public view but even those in this 
body whose constitutional duty it is to approve or reject them. 
Senator C
ASEY and I stood here in 
the well of the Senate, we raised our right hands—Senator C
ASEY and I were 
honored to come in at the same time, as of January 2007 and then again in January 2013. We raised our right hands and took an oath understanding our constitutional duty to approve or re-ject trade agreements. 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitu-
tion entrusts in Congress the authority to regulate commerce with foreign na-tions, but the current TPP language is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.056 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1487 March 12, 2015 
being guarded as though it were a 
State secret. Members of this body were permitted to view the language only with U.S. Trade Representative staff there, not with their personal staff. 
Nora Todd, in my office, who has 
great skills and expertise and has worked on trade issues for years, be-cause she is not committee staff is not able to view this. The USTR refuses to put down in writing their policy for re-stricting access. So the access is re-stricted, but we can’t even find out from the U.S. Trade Rep what this ac-tually means, except we know access is restricted. It means few Senators and fewer of our staff—and damn the public who have worked on this issue—have ever seen the text at all. 
Trade agreements such as this affect 
our entire economy. Forty percent of world GDP is included in this Trans- Pacific Partnership, with countries as big as Japan, the United States, and economies as big as Canada’s and Mexi-co’s. This will affect the entire econ-omy and cause ripple effects for dec-ades. 
We know what CAFTA did, and that 
was only three countries—the United States, Canada, and Mexico. This is four times that many countries. They should be debated in a transparent process. The public should know, Sen-ators and Members of Congress should know. We don’t know enough. Yet the Finance Committee fairly soon is going to push this trade agreement out of fast track and the agreement out onto the Senate Floor, when we simply don’t have access to information. 
Let me give an example. Last year, 
the U.S. Trade Rep developed a pro-posal on something called the rules of origin for automobiles. That really matters in my State. It matters in Senator C
ASEY ’s State because they are 
such a major part of the steel and other supply chain items for autos. I have been trying to work with the USTR to better understand this pro-posal since last October. I personally spoke again last week with Ambas-sador Froman to understand it better. 
Rules of origin are very important 
provisions in a trade agreement. They determine how much of a product’s components need to come from TPP countries in order to qualify under the agreement. What that means is we know as American consumers it is hard to find a suit, it is hard to find much of anything made in the U.S.A., but we also know many American consumers would like to buy products that are 40 or 50 or 80 percent from the United States—made by workers in Kansas or workers in Pennsylvania or workers in Ohio. But we aren’t able to tell under the rules of origin what that number is and where those components come from. 
So if there is going to be a trade ad-
vantage to Japan—and they have had plenty of trade advantages when it comes to autos—we don’t know if those automobile components come 70 or 80 percent from Japan and maybe 20 per-
cent from China or 60 percent from China. We don’t know that because the U.S. Trade Rep will not tell us. So what we are concerned about—and China is not in TPP—is that the Peo-ple’s Republic of China will manufac-ture so much of the supply chain, so many of these components, backdoor it into China, so people in China are hired instead of people in the United States or the people in these countries we are trading with. 
These provisions are critical for the 
auto supply chain in our country be-cause they are already facing fierce competition with China. We need to make sure we have strong rules of ori-gin so cars are made and assembled in TPP countries, not China. The auto supply chain employs 120,000 people in Ohio. It will be affected by the auto rules of origin in TPP. 
To understand how important that is, 
our country, from 2000 to 2010, the end of the Clinton administration until 2 years into the Obama administration— mostly the 8 Bush years—we lost 5 mil-lion manufacturing jobs, 60,000 plants in places such as Pennsylvania and Ohio. We know that. Our economy has been growing, however, since two things: the Recovery Act of 2009 and the auto rescue of 2010. We have seen 58, 59, 60 months of economic growth, consecutive months, since then. That underscores how important auto is in my State, where, as I said, 120,000 peo-ple are in the auto supply chain. 
But we continue to face roadblocks 
just to getting the basic information on a plan that would have a major ef-fect on Ohio’s auto supply chain. What I don’t understand is why would this body, why would the 100 people who took that oath, as Senator C
ASEY and I 
did in 2013 and 2007 in this Chamber, vote for something we can’t get infor-mation about? Why would anybody who took an oath of office do that? 
We worked with the administration 
to rescue the auto manufacturing sec-tor, and it helped save our auto indus-try—tens of thousands of jobs in that supply chain—so I want to make sure the TPP rules of origin for autos will not benefit China. I want it to benefit American companies, and I want it to benefit American workers. 
I grew up in Mansfield, OH. I have 
seen what globalization has done for jobs, and I have seen what globalization has done to wages. Mans-field, OH, is a city of 50,000. We have a lot of Mansfields in my State: Zanes-ville, Chillicothe, Ravenna, Lima, Springfield. These are cities that used to be prosperous manufacturing hubs that have lost so many jobs. Not all jobs were lost due to globalization, but a big part of that is globalization. That is why, when USTR will not share the information we need to understand this proposal, it is particularly troubling. 
We can see what has happened. This 
trade agreement—corporate handout, worker sellout—look what has hap-pened since 1980. These are the average salaries, the blue line, of the richest 1 
percent in America. Look what has happened to the richest 1 percent start-ing in the early days of the Reagan ad-ministration. Look what has happened to everyone else. We have the richest 1 percent who have seen their incomes go up about 130 percent. We have every-body else’s incomes that have gone up around 10, 12 or 15 percent—and that is not for here, that is for overall. 
Again, globalization is not the entire 
reason, but when they will not share, when USTR will not tell us what is going on, it is particularly troubling when we look at this chart. We know our workers—we know Ohio workers and manufacturers can compete with anyone in the world, but they need fair rules and they need a level playing field. They do not have that here. It is clear. The rules of origin aren’t the only part of the deal being developed in the dark. News reports yesterday re-vealed the USTR may be negotiating side letters on intellectual property provisions. The same report indicates the side letters might cover other issues as well. 
We remember the NAFTA side letters 
on labor and the environment and we know how effective they were. They weren’t. Clearly, they were sort of the Bush administration, the first, negoti-ating and then the Clinton administra-tion, trying to get support in the Sen-ate and the House, adding these side agreements that amounted to nothing. It was to placate workers and to pla-cate the environmentalists, but it did very little. We can’t make the same mistake with the TPP. 
Will the side letters be covered by 
the agreement’s dispute settlement? When will Members of Congress be able to see these letters? What impact will they have on the overall agreement? These are questions Members of Con-gress are asking and we are not getting answers from Ambassador Froman or the U.S. Trade Rep’s office. It is time the USTR provided some real answers. 
It is our job to scrutinize every trade 
proposal to ensure it creates a level playing field. It isn’t just another cor-porate handout that shifts jobs over-seas. 
This lack of transparency isn’t lim-
ited to TPP. I have asked the USTR to make the United States-European Union—the so-called TTIP agreement— proposal public. Once again, these re-quests for more transparency have been met with nothing but secrecy. Meanwhile, the EU makes their pro-posals public. 
This isn’t about protecting the privi-
leges of Senator C
ASEY and me—the 
privilege of Senators, this is about pro-tecting our small companies, our man-ufacturing companies that get obliter-ated when large companies move off-shore. This is about protecting the workers in places such as Toledo and Akron, OH. This is about protecting these communities. When plants close in Jackson, OH, and plants close in Wa-verly and Portsmouth and St. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.058 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1488 March 12, 2015 
Clairsville and Lisbon, school districts 
lay off teachers, police departments lay off cops, and cities lay off fire-fighters. 
We have been down this road too 
many times in this country. It has been more than 20 years since NAFTA. Too many plants shut down in Ohio, too many shut down in Pennsylvania, and too many shut down in the State of Louisiana—the State of the Presiding Officer. Too many good jobs were shipped abroad, and if they were re-placed at all it is with low-wage jobs with little benefits. 
Bad trade deals exacerbate the rise in 
inequality, corporate profits go up, and middle-class families struggle to get by. These trade agreements are all about corporate handouts and worker sellouts. Over the past four decades, worker productivity rose 75 percent, wages rose 9 percent. What that says, since 1946 into the Reagan years, pro-ductivity went like this, workers were this much more productive, and wages stayed parallel to that. But since the Reagan years, as productivity went up workers wages have been flat, except for the richest 1 percent, who saw their salaries explode. Everybody else has lived in an economy where things just don’t get better. 
The report of the Commission on In-
clusive Prosperity, cochaired by Larry 
Summers, concluded that ‘‘powerful forces of globalization . . . must be navigated or inequalities will continue to widen, and for many, precarious low- skill work will increasingly become the norm.’’ 
Fast-tracking—that is what TPA is— 
fast-tracking proposals such as TPP, without congressional input, without congressional knowledge, let alone public knowledge of this—without con-gressional input, without oversight, even the bare facts of the deal—reduces our ability to navigate the forces of globalization and to advocate for the workers, which is what Senator C
ASEY  
and I spend most of our time doing here. It perpetuates the USTR’s ap-
proach to trade negotiations. I am in the middle of reading a book, ‘‘The House of Morgan,’’ about J.P. Morgan, Sr., and J.P. Morgan, Jr. I can’t help thinking, that attitude, the public be damned, is what the USTR is doing to us right now. They don’t care to share information with Senator C
ASEY and 
me and the rest of this body, sup-porters of the USTR and opponents of the USTR, and they sure don’t care about the public learning more about this. All of this will only lead to more inequality. 
I want trade; I support trade; I want 
more trade. Ohio workers want access to new markets for our products. But we need trade that works. The way we get trade that works is not by rushing into more corporate-sponsored trade agreements without even knowing what we are signing. The USTR needs to open up the process; otherwise, the public is convinced they are going to see more corporate handouts and more worker sellouts. I yield the floor to my friend, Sen-
ator C
ASEY . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to 
address the same issue Senator B ROWN  
raised, the issue of trade, and I thank him and commend him for not only his leadership on this issue for many years, his time in the U.S. House of Representatives and now in the Senate for the last 8 years, but especially his work and his focus on this issue most recently because we are moving into a period now of great debate about trade promotion authority and trade agree-ments that will be debated here in the Senate and throughout the country. So I commend him for that. 
What Senator B
ROWN spoke to was a 
basic economic insecurity that so many Americans feel. It didn’t just arise in the last couple of years. This is a long-standing problem and a long- standing threat to people’s economic insecurity. Trade agreements play a role in it. 
I spoke the last time when the Sen-
ator and I were here about the con-cerns I had about these trade agree-ments, but also the specific concern about jobs or the adverse impact on jobs since the North American Free Trade Agreement and then subsequent trade agreements in the intervening years. Today I rise to talk about a re-lated but very urgent issue, and that is the issue of wages. Senator B
ROWN  
spoke to this as well. 
We know that middle-class spending 
power is the main driver of our eco-nomic growth and the foundation of the American dream. If people have money in their pockets because they have reasonable and fair wages, they are going to drive the economy in a much more substantial way. But in re-cent years this spending power that I speak of, of most Americans, has fallen dramatically. 
According to the Federal Reserve, 
the average worker’s weekly earnings were 15 percent lower in 2012 than in 1972, when adjusted for inflation. So just in that roughly 40-year time pe-riod, wages were down in real dollars by 15 percent. 
Senator B
ROWN referred to a dis-
connect between productivity and wage growth, and there was a recent chart that was developed by the Economic Policy Institute. The source for this is the Economic Policy Institute analysis of Bureau of Labor Statistics and Bu-reau of Economic Analysis. I hold it up. It is not big enough for people to see, but there is a big line in the mid-dle of this chart. Because it is a chart, I won’t enter it into the R
ECORD , but I 
will refer to it. 
The basic conclusion is, when we 
look at the question of productivity growth and wage growth from 1948 to 2013, here is what we find. It is a two- chapter book. Chapter 1 is a positive 
chapter; chapter 2 is really disturbing. It is one of the most significant charts I have ever seen of what has happened to the wages of working Americans. Here is what it says. From 1948 to 
1973, productivity up 96.7 percent, hour-ly compensation up 91.3. So the dif-ference between productivity increase and wage increase basically from World War II to 1973 was a differential of about 6 percentage points. 
As Senator B
ROWN mentioned, an 
alignment over that time period be-tween wages and productivity makes sense. When workers are producing more, when the economy is, as it was after World War II, producing so much more, wages should go up in a commen-surate manner. Unfortunately, that is chapter 1. Chapter 2 of this book starts in 1973 and it ends on this chart in 2013. In that 40-year time period, produc-tivity was up again. It wasn’t up 96.7 percent, but it was up 74.4 percent, so still a strong productivity increase be-tween 1973 and 2013. 
What, we might ask, happened to 
wages? Was it still a line? Was there a gap? Was it exactly the same? Unfortu-nately, the story is a terribly sad story. Hourly compensation, 1973 to 2013, was up a grand total of 9.2 per-cent. 
So in the first period, wages were up 
91.3 percent. In the second period, 1973 to 2013, wages were only up 9.2 percent. No one in this body, no one in the other body in Congress—no one who rep-resents the American people in Con-gress or any State legislature, no one who represents our country, can be sat-isfied with a 9.2-percent wage growth over 40 years when we are still having robust productivity increases. 
There are a lot of reasons for it. 
There are a lot of causes we could make that we could attribute to that terrible diminution, but we have to do something about it. Part of that is hav-ing an agenda that will speak to wages and the middle class, and not to the issues that are in front of us, including these trade agreements. 
I would argue without a doubt that 
our trade agreements have made this problem significantly worse over the last 20 or 25 years, and I am afraid we are headed down that path were trade promotion authority, the so-called Trans-Pacific Partnership, enacted into law. 
Here is what the wage diminution 
meant in Pennsylvania in a shorter pe-riod of time, about 15 years. Pennsyl-vania median household income fell by 3 percent in the years between 1998 and 2013, according to the Census Bureau. 
But this trend we are talking about 
continues today. Even as our economy recovers and stock markets reach a record high, the average American’s paycheck is barely keeping up with the rising cost of living. So this problem of a lack of wage growth is nowhere near being solved. 
The decline in middle-class workers’ 
purchasing power—another way of say-ing wages—is not just unfair, but eco-nomic analysis also shows it is a drag on our economy, which is primarily driven by consumption. So this isn’t just a story of a worker and his or her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.059 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1489 March 12, 2015 
family being pulled down by very pow-
erful forces, only having their wages go up 9 percent in 40 years, it is also about the wider economy. If folks don’t have fair wages, it is going to drag down the economy, and we are seeing evidence of that over those 40 years. 
But instead of enacting policies that 
help the middle class and focus on this issue of wages or the lack of growth of wages, like policies such as increasing the minimum wage—that would be one of the right things to do to go at this problem—or facilitating access to high- quality childcare, for a lot of families the second highest cost they have other than housing and maybe some other expense, usually housing or some other expense—No. 2 is usually the cost of childcare. It is a barrier to work. If you can’t afford childcare, you can’t go to work or you have to accept a job that pays less. 
Extended relief to workers displaced 
by foreign competition. I would put the word ‘‘unfair’’ foreign competition. That is something else we should work on. 
So if we are working on raising the 
minimum wage, growing the middle class, helping families pay for childcare, helping families pay for the terribly high cost of higher education, maybe no other number is more dis-turbing than this ‘‘wage, 9 percent in 40 years’’ number that I mentioned. Maybe the only other number more dis-turbing is the cost of college education going up higher than anything in our lives the last couple of decades. 
Middle-class workers know this type 
of policy that some are pursuing is headed in the wrong direction. Instead of them seeing us working on policies that will advance and support the mid-dle class, they see Congress considering a massive trade agreement with 11 Asia Pacific countries. So these same mid-dle-class families who look to us for progress and action and results for the middle class and for their wages are seeing a lot of folks in Washington focus on trade agreements that will make the problem worse. 
A recent Pew poll of the Nation 
found that 83 percent of Americans said free trade does not raise their wages and 45 percent said so-called free trade lowers American wages. For many years, many economists have argued that trade was a net positive for Amer-icans and did not have a noticeable im-pact on wages. However, recently I think other economists are having a different perspective. 
A 2009 paper by three economists, one 
from the University of Pennsylvania, found that when workers are displaced by trade and switch jobs, they suffer real wage loss of between 12 and 17 per-cent. So in light of this data by econo-mists that says when you have a job switch or a job change because of trade and your wages are going to go down 12 to 17 percent, and all the other data that we have about what has happened in States such as Pennsylvania, or Ohio, which Senator B
ROWN rep-resents—what has happened to those 
communities and those people—why would we go down the same path of ratifying agreements which will do the same over time? I don’t think we should, and that is why this debate is very important. 
Another analysis by the Economic 
Policy Institute, a standard economic model shows that American workers without a college degree earn $1,800 less each year as a result of expanded trade. Again, further exacerbation of the same problem that trade agree-ments lead to. 
I know people in my home State of 
Pennsylvania—and I am sure this is true in Ohio and a number of other States—are skeptical of these trade deals because they have experienced these pressures firsthand. This is real life for them. So before we cut another deal, we should work to level the play-ing field for our own companies and workers, including ensuring workers and companies get real relief from un-fair trade practices. 
Pennsylvanians and, I think, Ameri-
cans want Congress and the adminis-tration to focus on policies that lead to both good jobs and good wages. Fun-damentally, I argue that these agree-ments cause major concerns on both fronts, the jobs front as well as the wage front. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
SAVING THE ORGANIZATION OF 
AMERICAN STATES 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to 
speak briefly about an issue that all Senators should be concerned about, and that is the future of the Organiza-tion of American States. 
The origin of the OAS dates to the 
First International Conference of American States held in Washington from October 1889 to April 1890. The OAS was formally established in 1948 with the signing of the OAS Charter, which entered into force in 1951. 
As the OAS Charter states, its mis-
sion is to achieve among its members ‘‘an order of peace and justice, and to promote their solidarity, to strengthen their collaboration, and to defend their sovereignty, their territorial integrity, and their independence.’’ That is an important and inspiring responsibility, and no less so today than when the OAS was founded, although many of the challenges of one-half century ago have been replaced by new challenges today. 
Today the OAS consists of 35 inde-
pendent States and is, at least in com-position and tradition, the primary po-litical, judicial, and social govern-mental forum in this hemisphere. An-other 69 States and the European Union have permanent observer status. 
The OAS supports programs and ac-
tivities in four principle areas to carry out its mission—democracy, human rights, security, and development—and it does so in a myriad of ways, some far more successfully than others. Few here may be aware that the 
United States is by far the largest con-
tributor to the OAS, paying 60 percent of its annual budget. Two other coun-tries pay 22 percent and the remaining 32 countries together pay only 12 per-cent. 
Of course, the United States has by 
far the largest economy and should pay its fair share, but no country should be assessed to pay more than 50 percent. Other members should also pay their fair share, and we should all expect the OAS to be competently managed and to deliver tangible results that justify its expenditures. 
The OAS can be proud of the indis-
pensable work of the Inter-American Human Rights Commission and the Inter-American Court, its internation-ally respected election observer mis-sions, and other activities to support democracy and promote transparent and accountable governance. These pri-orities should be strengthened, as I will mention shortly. 
But the reputation of the OAS as a 
hemispheric leader has taken a beat-ing. This is partly due to ideological polarization driven primarily by the viscerally anti-United States rhetoric and policies of the leaders of four of its member States, and partly due to the fact that the OAS has failed to exercise effective leadership in response to key issues and events, while recent sub- hemispheric groupings have taken up much of the slack and become the re-gion’s principal fora. 
The OAS has allowed itself to be 
spread too thin, accepting too many mandates from its member States without rigorous assessment of the costs and benefits. Scarce resources have been spent on employees—without regard to transparent hiring and pro-motion practices—some of whom con-tribute little to the organization. At the same time, the OAS is facing se-vere budget constraints and there is no monetary reserve to respond to contin-gencies. It is astounding that because some countries, including Brazil, stopped paying their quotas or are in arrears, and the OAS had nothing in re-serve, it had to obtain a loan in order to pay employee salaries. This is not the kind of management the OAS needs; it is mismanagement. 
The Inter-American Commission and 
the Inter-American Court play essen-tial roles as institutions of last resort for victims of human rights violations in countries where impunity is the norm. When corrupt, dysfunctional ju-dicial systems fail to provide access to justice for victims of crimes against humanity or other violations of human rights, the OAS helps fill that void. Likewise, the Special Rapporteur for Freedom of Expression plays a critical role at a time when some governments, such as Venezuela and Ecuador, are en-gaged in a systematic effort to intimi-date and silence their critics in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.064 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1490 March 12, 2015 
independent press, while others, includ-
ing Mexico and Honduras, fail to pro-tect journalists from threats and at-tacks by gangs or violence related to drug trafficking. 
Yet a shortage of funding and the 
failure of some member States to com-ply with the decisions of the Commis-sion and the rulings of the Court un-dermine their effectiveness. Some gov-ernments have actively sought to weaken these key institutions by with-holding financial support and pro-posing to limit the legal authority of the Commission and the Court. They and the Special Rapporteur for Free-dom and Expression need sufficient re-sources to do their jobs, and it is time to establish a mechanism for sanc-tioning noncompliance. 
The United States is not blameless, 
having signed but not yet ratified the American Convention on Human Rights. This provides a convenient ex-cuse for other governments to accuse us of hypocrisy as we urge their adher-ence to human rights norms. It is time for the Congress to act on this piece of unfinished business. 
I would add, however, that the United 
States is part of the Inter-American Commission, as are all OAS member States, regardless of whether or not they have ratified the Convention. In fact, the United States has more cases at the Commission than any other country, and we strive to implement its decisions. 
The OAS needs to strengthen its elec-
tion monitoring capability—including insisting on timely and equal partici-pation by opposition political parties, freedom of the press and association— to ensure a level playing field when some Latin governments refuse to allow early access by the OAS. Many Latin Americans are becoming cynical about the ability of democratic govern-ments to deliver basic services in a manner that is transparent and ac-countable. Elected governments which are corrupt and neglect, or are unable to protect their people, erode support for democracy. 
Similarly, the OAS and the Secretary 
General in particular need to respond swiftly to political crises, and exercise stronger leadership in defense of demo-cratic institutions and human rights when they are under assault, con-sistent with the OAS Charter and the Inter-American Democratic Charter. 
There is also the issue of hemispheric 
security. During the Cold War there was a single-minded, concerted effort to prevent the Soviet Union from gain-ing another foothold in Latin America. Countless innocent people were threat-ened, disappeared, tortured, or killed in the name of fighting communism by Central and South American security forces, many of them encouraged, trained and equipped by the United States, and only a token number of the individuals responsible have been pun-ished. 
Today the hemisphere faces new 
threats, such as drug cartels, gang vio-lence, transnational crime, money 
laundering, and natural disasters. But the plans to address them like the Merida Initiative and the Alliance for Prosperity, while identifying such pri-orities as police and judicial reform, poverty, fiscal transparency, and cor-ruption, tend to be long on goals and short on specifics of how to achieve them. Cooperation on multi-dimen-sional security threats is not a matter of ideology. Cuba and the United States are already cooperating against drug-traffickers, as we are with other countries. But there is a lot more that can and should be done to identify the causes and develop and implement more effective regional strategies to address these problems. 
Several Latin countries have made 
notable strides in the past decade and are providing greater opportunities for their people. The OAS can play a role in convening a debate, identifying solu-tions, and facilitating an alliance of key development organizations, includ-ing the Inter-American Development Bank and the Pan American Health Or-ganization, to address areas of shared interest such as achieving sustained, equitable economic growth, strength-ening public education and health, and protecting natural resources. 
The OAS has an important, under- 
utilized role to play in interfacing with the wide range of civil society organi-zations which are essential to any de-mocracy and are often under-appre-ciated, under-funded, and persecuted. With OAS offices throughout the hemi-sphere, its under-utilized employees could engage far more actively with academia, civil society, and the media. This should include any such entities that reject violence, not just those that are ‘‘registered’’ by local govern-ments which sometimes use the reg-istration process to silence legitimate voices whose views the government dis-agrees with. 
Finally, the OAS needs to decide how 
to interact with other hemispheric multilateral organizations in a manner that strengthens the OAS and encour-ages cooperation. Cuba’s suspension, and then refusal to return, provided an impetus for the creation of new enti-ties like CELAC, the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States, that are anti-OAS and anti-United States and have sowed division within the hemisphere. 
The next Secretary General of the 
OAS, who will be selected on March 18, has his work cut out for him. I say ‘‘him’’ because there is only one can-didate, which says volumes about how the job is perceived. The Secretary General plays a crucial role as the stra-tegic leader, but not the day-to-day manager, of the organization. The next Secretary General needs an Assistant Secretary General with the managerial expertise and mandate to right this sinking ship. 
It will mean tough budgetary deci-
sions, including the ability to say no to new programs and mandates and to focus instead on doing better at what it 
does best. 
As soon as possible after they assume 
their positions I urge them to review Public Law 113–41, the ‘‘Organization of American States Revitalization and Reform Act of 2013.’’ That Act, which received bipartisan support, identifies key issues that need to be addressed— many of which I have touched on here—and provides recommendations for how to address them. 
I wish them both well because the 
people of every country in the hemi-sphere, including those whose govern-ments have sought to harm the OAS, need the OAS. But absent significant and rapid reforms beginning with the quota issue, the OAS’s decline may be irreversible. 
f 
CONTINUING AMERICA’S LEADER-
SHIP IN MEDICAL INNOVATION FOR PATIENTS 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of my remarks at 
the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing this week. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CONTINUING AMERICA ’SLEADERSHIP IN  
MEDICAL INNOVATION FOR PATIENTS  
We’ve got three major objectives in this 
committee: Fixing No Child Left Behind, Re-authorizing the Higher Education Act, and third—one we’re all looking forward to with-out exception—improving biomedical inno-vation, including the Food and Drug Admin-istration (FDA) and the National Institutes of Health (NIH). 
Today is the first hearing Ranking Member 
Murray and I are holding on our bipartisan initiative to examine how we get drugs, de-vices and treatments from the discovery process through the regulatory process into our medicine cabinets and doctors’ offices. 
Today discoveries supported by NIH often 
do not come to FDA’s door for six, eight, ten, or even twelve years. And the average cost to get a single drug from the laboratory through the approval process to the medicine cabinet is, according to some estimates, about $1 billion. Other estimates say it’s double that or even more. 
This initiative builds on work the com-
mittee has done—legislation was passed in 1997 and as recently as 2012—to try to get at the same goal of speeding up review and ap-proval of drugs and devices while still ensur-ing they are safe. 
This is a subject that has a lot of interest. President Obama this year announced his 
new Precision Medicine Initiative, saying: ‘‘21st century businesses will rely on Amer-ican science, technology, research and devel-opment. I want the country that eliminated polio and mapped the human genome to lead a new era of medicine—one that delivers the right treatment at the right time. In some patients with cystic fibrosis, this approach has reversed a disease once thought unstoppable.’’ 
In the House, Energy and Commerce Chair-
man Fred Upton and Representative Diana Degette have been working on parallel tracks on their 21st Century Cures initiative to accelerate the pace of cures in America. 
In late January, Sen. Burr and I released a 
report titled ‘‘Innovation for Healthier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.060 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1491 March 12, 2015 
Americans’’ that examined the process we 
have in place today for drug and device de-velopment. 
We have received over 80 comments al-
ready, and have shared those with the staff of all members on the committee. 
Our committee also has a bipartisan staff 
working group that has been meeting for around a month now, learning more about the key agencies involved in biomedical re-search and development. 
We have with us today Dr. Francis Collins, 
Director of the National Institutes of Health, which funds and enables much of the early 
stage research that leads to medical break-throughs. And Dr. Margaret Hamburg, the head of the Food and Drug Administration, which regulates all the medical products we come in contact with. 
Dr. Collins wrote in 2013 that: ‘‘Drugs exist 
for only about 250 of the more than 4,400 con-ditions with defined molecular causes. And it takes far too long and far too much money to get a new drug into our medicine cabinets. This is an old problem that cries out for new and creative solutions.’’ 
Since Dr. Collins wrote that, the number of 
conditions with defined molecular causes has increased to more than 5,400, yet the number of new drugs approved has not kept pace with these discoveries. 
Dr. Hamburg has said that ‘‘we are left re-
lying on the 20th century approaches for the review, approval and oversight of the treat-ments and cures of the 21st century.’’ 
So today’s hearing is a perfect place for us 
to start—with the heads of these two critical agencies, both of whom have sounded the alarm on our existing process for drug and device development. 
This work will affect every single Amer-
ican—from a very ill patient who has run out of treatment options and is counting on the most cutting-edge drug, to an active child with asthma who’s hoping to run faster and farther with the aid of a new drug. 
I look forward to hearing from the wit-
nesses more about their thoughts on these five issues that Senator Burr and I identified in our report: First, it costs too much to bring medical products through the pipeline to patients. Second, as science and tech-nology advance, the discovery and develop-ment process takes too long for medical products to make their way to patients. Third, FDA’s responsibilities have grown to include many activities unrelated to the core function of regulating medical products to advance the public health. Fourth, the disparity in scientific knowledge at FDA and the fast pace of biomedical innovation are slowing, and in some cases, stifling innova-tion in American medicine. Fifth, a working FDA is essential to continuing biomedical innovation in the United States and main-taining America’s global leadership in med-ical innovation. 
In the words of Andrew Eschenbach, the 
former Commissioner of the FDA and Direc-tor of the National Cancer Institute: ‘‘We stand on the cusp of a revolution in health care. Advances in molecular medicine will allow us to develop powerful new treatments that can cure or even prevent diseases like Alzheimer’s and cancer. Tomorrow’s high- tech cures can also slash health-care costs and eliminate ineffective treatments.’’ 
I look forward to taking the first step to-
ward addressing these important issues. If we do it right, our work here will help im-prove the lives of every single American. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
APPALACHIAN REGIONAL 
COMMISSION 
∑Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, this 
week marks the 50th anniversary of the signing of legislation to create the Ap-palachian Regional Commission, ARC. 
In the decade of the 1960s, intense 
poverty and economic struggle charac-terized the existence for many people and towns running down the spine of the Appalachian Mountains. At the time, more than 19 million Americans were living in the Appalachian region and struggling to achieve the American dream. 
The magnitude and vastness of the 
challenges in Appalachia, which spread across many States, led the region’s Governors in 1960 to form the Con-ference of Appalachian Governors to develop a regional approach for resolv-ing these complex issues. 
In 1961, they took their case to newly 
elected President John F. Kennedy, who had been deeply moved by the pov-erty he saw during campaign trips to West Virginia. Their efforts led to the creation of the Appalachian Regional Commission and a broad bipartisan co-alition in Congress passed the Appa-lachian Regional Development Act, ARDA, early in 1965. President Lyndon B. Johnson signed it into law on March 9, 1965. It is a unique agency to this day, made up of one Federal co-chair and 13 Governors who serve as State co-chairs. It also receives local input on allocation of resources from the local development districts. 
Over the last 50 years, it has been 
able to inject Federal funds and lever-age State and private resources to ad-dress the deep needs of this region. Much success has been achieved, but yet much remains to be done. 
Poverty has been cut in half in Appa-
lachia from nearly 31 percent of the re-gion’s people in 1960 to about 16 percent today. 
In 1960, only 32 percent of the Appa-
lachian population completed high school and 5 percent had a college de-gree. Since then, the number of college graduates had increased four-fold to 21 percent. 
One of the most critical challenges 
facing the Appalachian region in 1964 was its relative isolation. With the aid of the Appalachian Regional Commis-sion, nearly 2,700 miles of highway de-velopment routes have been built. 
Since 1965, ARC has financed nearly 
25,000 separate strategic investments in non-highway activities in the region, which includes $3.8 billion in Federal funds. The positive result has been that nearly three times that amount, $9 bil-lion has been forthcoming in matching funds from other Federal, State and local funding sources. Better yet, ARC- financed investments in Appalachia have also leveraged nearly $16 billion in added private investment. 
I want to congratulate the Appa-
lachian Regional Commission on its 50th Anniversary. I look forward to 
working with and supporting the fu-ture efforts of ARC and the local devel-opment districts as they continue to work with the States, localities and the private sector to build the economy of the Appalachian region. ∑ 
f 
CELEBRATING KEMP MILL SYNA-
GOGUE’S 25TH ANNIVERSARY AND THE SERVICE OF RABBI YAAKOV ‘‘JACK’’ BIELER 
∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, this Sat-
urday, I will have the privilege and pleasure of visiting Kemp Mill Syna-
gogue, KMS, for a Melava Malka on the occasion of its 25th anniversary. KMS held its first service on March 17, 1990, attended by a group of 50 worshipers in a Kemp Mill home, and held its first services in its current location on Kemp Mill Road on Shabbat of Sep-tember 19, 1998. The Modern Orthodox Synagogue is a vibrant and loving com-munity where members of the con-gregation gather to daven, learn, cele-brate, and observe lifecycle events, smachot, and rituals together. 
In 1994, Rabbi Yaakov (Jack) Bieler 
officially became the first rabbi of KMS. As the leader of the KMS com-munity, Rabbi Bieler has led and in-spired the development of an ambitious program of shiurim, study groups, scholars-in-residence and educational programs. Weekly Divrei Tora by men and women enlighten the congregation by offering a diversity of perspectives. Youth groups and social activities con-tribute to creating a warm and engaged community. 
Rabbi Bieler is a great friend and 
true leader in Maryland’s faith-based community. While he has been at KMS for over 20 years, his commitment to his faith and community has been a lifelong passion. Rabbi Bieler was raised in Bayside, Queens, and attended local public schools. In 1969, he grad-uated from the James Striar School of Jewish Studies in New York, where he honed his mastery of Jewish texts. He spent the years of 1969 to 1971 studying at Yeshivat Kerem B’Yavneh in Israel. 
When Rabbi Bieler returned to New 
York, he studied at Yeshiva Univer-sity, where he was ordained by the Rabbi Isaac Eichanan Theological Seminary. This prestigious program, which dates back to 1886, challenges and trains leaders of Judaism to hold fast to the ways of the Torah while re-sponding to the questions and demands of modern society. During this time, he also pursued a master of arts in Jewish Education from the Ferkauf Graduate School of Education, completing his studies in 1974. 
While Rabbi Bieler’s studies prepared 
him to be a Jewish religious leader, he always sought new ways to share his knowledge with others. To this end, Rabbi Bieler has spent much of his life in the classroom. He served on the fac-ulty and was a chairman of the Talmud Department of the Joseph H. Lookstein Upper School of Ramaz from 1974 to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.024 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1492 March 12, 2015 
1988. In these roles, he helped to edu-
cate children in Judaic and general studies, holding himself and others to high standards in the classroom and in the community. And he has always been committed to menschlichkeit, or the values of human dignity and mu-tual respect, and the strength of Jew-ish heritage. Today, he is still guided by these commitments. 
Rabbi Bieler served concurrently on 
the faculty of the Adult Education In-stitute of the Lincoln Square Syna-gogue between 1971 and 1977 and as a permanent scholar-in-residence of Con-gregation Kehilath Jeshurun from 1977 to 1988. This service speaks to Rabbi Bieler’s belief that our education—in 
faith and in life—never ends; we are al-ways learning, always seeking to be-come better versions of ourselves. His role as an educator grew and changed before he found his way to Kemp Mill Synagogue. In 1988, he assumed the po-sition of lead teacher and chairman of the Judaic Studies Department at the Hebrew Academy of Greater Wash-ington, now the Melvin J. Berman He-brew Academy, a Modern Orthodox Jewish day school in Rockville, MD. He worked at the Hebrew Academy of Washington for a number of years and in a variety of roles, becoming the Upper School assistant principal in charge of Judaic Studies in 1991. Dur-ing his tenure, Rabbi Bieler strove to provide students with a firm founda-tion in Torah and Jewish law, to en-courage creativity and critical think-ing, and promoted a deep sense of com-munity and personal responsibility in students. 
Rabbi Bieler is a man who is much 
loved and respected by his community. And he is a humble man, so it falls to others to recite his many achieve-ments. During his tenure at Ramaz, he was awarded the Gruss Outstanding Ed-ucator award. In 1985, he received a prestigious Jerusalem Fellows fellow-ship and spent the year with family, in-cluding his beloved wife Dr. Joanie Bieler, in Jerusalem. Among other achievements, Rabbi Bieler has pub-lished numerous articles on Jewish education and issues facing Judaism today, especially concerning Modern Orthodoxy. 
Rabbi Bieler will be retiring from his 
service as the leader of the Kemp Mill Synagogue community on June 30, 2015. He has faithfully served KMS for most of its 25-year history, leading and inspiring the development of an ambi-tious educational program indicative of his love for teaching, learning, and sharing Judaism. Under his leadership, KMS has encouraged a congregation of mutual enlightenment and diversified perspectives. Furthermore, youth groups and social activities have been cultivated and grown, creating a warm and engaged community. KMS is an important hub of community and faith in Silver Spring. KMS members are leaders in the Jewish Federation, local day schools, the Rabbinical Council, the Emunah Society, the Kemp Mill Civic Association, the Orthodox Union, 
and the larger community. They are committed to worship and to service, to the United States, and to the State of Israel. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
congratulating KMS on its 25th anni-versary and acknowledging the in-spired service, dedication, and leader-ship of Rabbi Yaakov and Dr. Joanie Bieler who will undoubtedly continue to be involved in their community and inspire others to serve even when their formal leadership roles at KMS come to an end. I wish them all the best. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING PAUL 
CHRISTENSEN 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, 
we honor the life and service of Paul Christensen, whose passing signifies a great loss for Nevada. I send my condo-lences and prayers to his wife Norma and the entire family in this time of mourning. Mr. Christensen was a man committed to his country, his State, and his community. He will be sorely missed. 
Mr. Christensen moved with his fa-
ther and mother to Las Vegas in 1939 when his father started the family’s jewelry business. He graduated from Las Vegas High School in 1950 and con-tinued his studies at Brigham Young University, where he earned his bach-elor’s degree. He then enlisted in the U.S. Air Force as a pilot, serving in the Korean war. As one of our Nation’s servicemembers, he made exceptional sacrifices for our country. I extend my deepest gratitude to Mr. Christensen for his courageous contributions to the United States of America. His service to his country and his bravery earn him a place among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly de-fended our Nation and will never be forgotten. 
After serving in the U.S. Air Force, 
Mr. Christensen returned to Las Vegas in 1957 and worked in the family jew-elry store. It was during this time that he married Mrs. Christensen and began his lifelong legacy of commitment to his local community. He served in the Nevada Assembly in the 1950s and then the Nevada Senate in the 1960s. In 1977 and 1981, Christensen was elected to the Las Vegas City Council, during which time he focused on the safety of southern Nevada communities by im-proving police presence and increasing the number of firefighters. He also worked to improve road conditions, specifically widening Jones Boulevard. 
Mr. Christensen then continued his 
service to the great State of Nevada by working tirelessly on the Clark County Commission until 1996. During his dec-ades spent working to better the Silver State, he was also chairman of the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Author-ity, president of the Las Vegas Valley Water District, and was appointed by Governor Kenny Guinn to serve on the Transportation Services Authority. In October of 2013, the Paul J. Christensen Bridge was named after him in honor of 
his work in his local community, a dis-tinction well deserved. Mr. Christensen continued philanthropic work for the Las Vegas community until his health declined. 
Throughout his life, Mr. Christensen 
worked tirelessly to make southern Ne-vada the best it could be, which I am honored to commend. He was a role model and his legacy will live on. Today, I join the Las Vegas community and citizens of the Silver State to cele-brate the life of an upstanding Ne-vadan, Paul Christensen. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING GOODWILL OF 
SOUTHERN NEVADA 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize Goodwill of Southern Ne-vada for its commitment and dedica-tion to providing our veterans, mili-tary servicemembers, and their fami-lies with supportive services to aid in securing a job and financial solidarity. The Veterans Integration Program, VIP, is a unique service that assists our Nation’s bravest as they return from the battlefield and readjust to life in their communities. 
These heroes who served the United 
States and fought to protect our free-dom frequently arrive home to a strug-gling economy. All too often, returning veterans and their families are unable to find a job and struggle with finan-cial uncertainty. Goodwill of Southern Nevada is a positive light in the local Las Vegas community, working to change this reality. As of the end of January 2015, VIP has helped 507 local veterans in southern Nevada and their immediate families find work. The pro-gram offers help in job training and job placement and provides necessary tools to fluidly transition from the military back into the local community suc-cessfully. Although there is no way to ever adequately thank our military men and women, Goodwill of Southern Nevada stands as a shining example of an organization that has gone above and beyond to positively impact the lives of our heroes who so bravely fought for our freedom. 
As a member of the Senate Veterans’ 
Affairs Committee, I know the strug-gles that our veterans face after re-turning home from the battlefield. Congress has a responsibility not only to honor these brave individuals but also to ensure they receive the quality care they have earned and deserve. I re-main committed to upholding this promise for our veterans and service-members in Nevada and throughout the Nation. I am very pleased that vet-erans service organizations like Good-will of Southern Nevada are committed to ensuring that the needs of our vet-erans are being met. 
Today, I ask my colleagues and all 
Nevadans to join me in recognizing Goodwill of Southern Nevada, an orga-nization with a mission that is both noble and charitable. I am humbled and honored to recognize the Goodwill of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.067 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1493 March 12, 2015 
Southern Nevada and its tireless ef-
forts in providing veterans with the skills necessary to reintegrate into the local community. This organization’s commitment to helping veterans, mili-tary servicemembers, and their fami-lies get back on their feet is admirable, and I wish it the best of luck in all of its future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. KENNETH 
DOBBINS 
∑Mrs. M CCASKILL. Mr. President, I 
wish to congratulate Dr. Kenneth Dob-
bins on his retirement and to thank him for his many years of leadership and service to the field of higher edu-cation. For 24 years, including the last 16 years as president, Ken Dobbins has served Southeast Missouri State Uni-versity in Cape Girardeau, MO. Ken considered his job as president the po-sition of a lifetime, and his dedication and passion for the University and its students is unparalleled. It is my pleas-ure to honor him today. 
Ken received a B.S. in accounting 
from the University of Akron in 1971. Upon graduation, Ken served as a com-missioned officer and civilian executive in the U.S. Air Force for nearly 10 years and was awarded the 1978 Air Force Audit Agency Outstanding Civil-ian Auditor of the Year. Ken also re-ceived an M.B.A. from Old Dominion University in 1979 and a Ph.D. in higher education administration from Kent State University in 1987. 
Before his tenure with Southeast 
Missouri State, Ken held positions in higher education administration at Kent State. At Southeast Missouri State, Ken served as the University’s vice president of finance and adminis-tration from 1991 to 1993 and executive vice president from 1993 until his ap-pointment as president in 1999. 
During Ken’s presidency, the univer-
sity reached significant milestones in enrollment and diversity, academic partnerships, programs, and construc-tion. Ken’s effective leadership shaped Southeast Missouri State University into the outstanding school it is today. As president, one of his greatest ac-complishments was the significant in-crease in enrollment of students. In 1994, there were 7,500 students. Today there are over 12,000 students. 
In addition, Ken oversaw more than 
$400 million in new construction and building improvement projects, includ-ing the Seabaugh Polytechnic Building and the $58 million River Campus. New academic programs, including the Col-lege of Science, Technology, and Agri-culture and the Earl and Margie Hol-land School of Visual and Performing Arts were established. Ken instituted a comprehensive review of all academic and nonacademic programs to mini-mize student fee increases in the face of extensive State appropriation reduc-tions. He was also responsible for de-veloping an innovative postprofessorial merit program, which provides base salary increases and professional devel-opment funds for faculty members. As president, Ken held numerous 
leadership positions in higher edu-cation administration. He served a 2- year term as president of the Missouri Council on Public Higher Education, and served 3 years as president of the Ohio Valley Conference. He currently serves on the board of directors for the American Association of State Colleges and Universities. 
Outside his work in higher education, 
Ken serves on the Greater St. Louis Area Council for the Boy Scouts of America, and was elected by local council associates to serve on the Na-tional Council for the Boy Scouts of America. Ken was awarded the Silver Beaver Award, the highest honor given to a Boy Scout volunteer by a council. Additionally, Ken has been elected to the St. Louis Regional Chamber board of directors and is a member of the Hawthorne Foundation. 
Ken is looking forward to spending 
more time with his wife Jeanine, son Paul, daughter-in-law Stacey, and his two grandchildren. I know they will enjoy the opportunity to spend more time with him. Ken will continue to be involved in higher education during his retirement by serving as a consultant with the American Association of State Colleges and Universities. 
It is my pleasure to honor Ken Dob-
bins today. He has touched the lives of many and immensely improved the quality of Southeast Missouri State University and the Cape Girardeau community. His dedication to higher education and the State of Missouri has been invaluable. 
I ask that the Senate join me in con-
gratulating and honoring Dr. Kenneth Dobbins. ∑ 
f 
103RD ANNIVERSARY OF THE GIRL 
SCOUTS OF AMERICA 
∑Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, 
today, I wish to recognize the 103rd an-niversary of the Girl Scouts of Amer-ica. What started out as a group of 18 girls in Georgia organized by Juliette Low has grown into an organization of more than 3.2 million girls and women and more than 59 million alumnae, in-cluding myself. As a former Girl Scout, I know firsthand how important the Girl Scouts are for learning about lead-ership, service, and personal develop-ment. 
When the Girl Scouts started, women 
couldn’t vote, women couldn’t have property in their name, and in some States women couldn’t go to college. The founding of the Girl Scouts started a revolutionary movement to empower girls. Now, Girl Scouts is working to bring gender balance to leadership roles, whether it is creating jobs in the private sector or representing constitu-ents in public office. I believe in that mission, and I know it can be achieved. 
What I love about the Girl Scouts is 
that it is always reinventing itself and looking to the future. Whether it is new uniforms or new badges, the Girl Scouts are engaging in a new genera-tion of leadership. Their core programs 
focused on environmental stewardship, healthy living, financial literacy, and global citizenship help girls develop a solid and well-rounded foundation in leadership. Their award-winning Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics—STEM—Program helps girls build strong, hands-on founda-tions to become future leaders and meet the growing need for skilled science and technology professionals in the United States. And last year, the Girl Scouts joined the STEM men-toring initiative, Million Women Men-tors, a national initiative to increase interest for girls and women to pursue STEM career paths. This program would help close the gender gap in the field and gives girls the confidence and the ability to believe that they too can be those female scientists, engineers, and doctors who are serving as mentors for the program. 
I have taken the lessons I learned 
from the Girl Scouts with me to the U.S. Senate every day and in every way. These lessons include: Let’s help people at all times. Let’s be honest and fair. Let’s be friendly and helpful. Let’s be considerate and caring, courageous and strong and responsible. Let’s re-spect ourselves and others, respect au-thority, use resources wisely, make the world a better place, and be a sister to every Girl Scout whether she is here or around the world. For all of these rea-sons and more, I am honored to recog-nize the 103rd anniversary of the Girl Scouts of America. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING GIRL SCOUTS OF 
THE USA 
∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor Girl Scouts of the USA. As the proud father of two Girl Scouts, I join them as they celebrate Girl Scout Day. On this day in 1912, Juliette Gor-don Low founded the first Girl Scout troop with just 18 girls in Savannah, GA. Over 100 years later, Girl Scouts serves 2 million girls and has 59 million alumnae across the United States. 
Juliette Gordon Low believed that all 
girls should be given the opportunity to develop physically, mentally, and spiritually. Gordon sought to bring girls out of isolated home environ-ments and into community service in order to become well rounded members of society. By building courage, con-fidence, and character, Girl Scouts raised awareness on important issues. They became leaders and made their way into American hearts. 
Girl Scouts today participate in nu-
merous activities that foster and strengthen their leadership abilities, financial literacy, outdoor and environ-mental awareness, and teach them the value of service. They learn new skills that help them develop their full indi-vidual potential, and take action to improve the world around them. Girls who earn the Gold Award, the highest achievement a Girl Scout can earn, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.004 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1494 March 12, 2015 
take extraordinary steps to effect posi-
tive change and make a sustainable im-pact in their communities and beyond. 
Today’s Girl Scouts are tomorrow’s 
leaders. Former Girl Scouts are at the top of their fields in science, media, medicine, business, and politics. With one-half of the women in the 114th Con-gress being former Girl Scouts, it is evident that Girl Scouts builds girls of courage, confidence and character. 
On this Girl Scout Day, I wish to ap-
plaud the work of Girl Scout councils throughout Michigan and across our country. Their commitment to diver-sity and service, tied with their dedica-tion, makes them true leaders of soci-ety. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PHYLLIS SCHLAFLY 
∑Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, a be-
loved American icon recently cele-brated her 90th birthday. For more than one-half century, Phyllis Schlafly has been a leading voice in defense of our Constitution, our values, and our way of life. Fearlessly, tirelessly, Phyl-lis has championed the American fam-ily and American values. As a speaker, author, activist, and radio commen-tator, Phyllis has inspired and mobi-lized generations of conservatives. 
Her 1964 book, ‘‘A Choice Not an 
Echo,’’ took direct aim at the estab-lishment class and helped pave the way for Goldwater and Reagan. Her advo-cacy presaged many of the political challenges we face today in ensuring that the voiceless have a voice and that the everyday worker, mother, fa-ther, and citizen is not drowned out by special interests. As one profile noted, Phyllis ‘‘continues comforting the af-flicted conservative, afflicting the comfortable Republican.’’ 
I remember well reading ‘‘A Choice 
Not an Echo’’ while in high school and her arguments helped shape my polit-ical philosophy as it shaped the philos-ophy of many others. I also remember attending her speech at the University of Alabama dealing with the national defense issues she wrote about while I was in law school. Dynamic, smart, beautiful, and articulate, she played an important role in establishing a sound conservative philosophy. 
An unrelenting critic of big govern-
ment, Phyllis has spoken out time and again on the need for the family—not the bureaucracy—to form the center of American life. She has explained that we cannot strengthen our financial sys-tem without also strengthening our families and our communities. She knows that no nation can be better than the people who make it up and that families, communities, and churches are vital to developing good people. 
The values Phyllis embodies are not 
merely traditional but enduring—just as she is. Enduring values are a na-tional compass, a guide for all times— always pointing true north in even the stormiest weather. Congratulations to Phyllis on her re-
markable 90th year and her even more remarkable life. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LEARNING 
TRAIN 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, Amer-
ican small businesses across the coun-try possess the ability to recognize and fill unique service gaps in their local towns and cities. This is especially im-portant when these small businesses work with the children in our commu-nities. Such is the case with this week’s Small Business of the Week, The Learning Train, located in Lafay-ette, LA. 
Keri and Matt Hebert opened The 
Learning Train as a way to promote the physical, emotional, educational, and social development of children aged 6 months to 4 years old through a variety of weekly classes and camps. A mother of two, Mrs. Hebert designed The Learning Train to offer small group classes that promote learning and bonding between parents and their children. A typical 45-minute session at the center provides children and their parents with a safe, fun space to hone age-appropriate developmental skills through enjoyable playtime with peers. The center’s structured learning activi-ties aid in developing crucial skills, in-cluding symbolic thinking, active lis-tening, problem solving, and knowledge retention. 
In addition to the sharpening of tech-
nical skills, children are afforded qual-ity time strengthening and developing healthy social bonds, as well. Having spent thirteen years as an educator, Mrs. Hebert noticed a growing need for a safe, fun environment for young chil-dren to be nurtured. She maintains that a child’s time spent playing with their guardian reinforces social devel-opment and builds trust between the two. The Learning Center’s diverse classes provide ample space, oppor-tunity, and variety to reinforce bonds between a child’s parents as well as with their peers. Since its establish-ment in 2013, the Learning Train also regularly partners with local organiza-tions to give back to their community, including participating in food drives. 
I am honored to recognize a business 
that provides the high quality care and attention that our future generations deserve. Congratulations again to The Learning Train for being selected as Small Business of the Week, and I thank them for the important work they do for the families and children in the Lafayette region. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 4:15 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Ms. Chiappardi, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) has signed 
the following enrolled bill: H.R. 1213. An act to make administrative 
and technical corrections to the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. 
ALEXANDER , Mr. C OATS , and Mr. 
COONS ): 
S. 723. A bill to amend the National Energy 
Conservation Policy Act to provide guidance on utility energy service contracts used by Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): 
S. 724. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-
stances Act to provide enhanced penalties for marketing candy-flavored controlled sub-stances to minors; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mr. S ANDERS ): 
S. 725. A bill to amend the Toxic Sub-
stances Control Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
By Mr. COATS: 
S. 726. A bill to establish the prudential 
regulator of community and independent de-pository institutions as the conduit and arbi-ter of all Federal financial oversight, exam-ination, and reporting; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. KING (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 727. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to include biomass heating appliances for tax credits available for en-ergy-efficient building property and energy property; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 728. A bill to provide for programs and 
activities with respect to the prevention of underage drinking; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
REED, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. K AINE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , and Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 729. A bill to amend title 11, United 
States Code, with respect to certain excep-tions to discharge in bankruptcy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. R EED, Mr. F RANKEN , 
Ms. S TABENOW , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 730. A bill to permanently extend the 
Protecting Tenants at Foreclosure Act of 2009; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. SANDERS: 
S. 731. A bill to enhance Social Security 
benefits and ensure the long-term solvency of the Social Security program; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. 
M
ORAN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. H EINRICH , 
Ms. H EITKAMP , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. 
STABENOW , and Mr. U DALL ): 
S. 732. A bill to amend the Act of June 18, 
1934, to reaffirm the authority of the Sec-retary of the Interior to take land into trust for Indian tribes; to the Committee on In-dian Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.062 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1495 March 12, 2015 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. R EID, Mrs. B OXER , and 
Mr. S CHATZ ): 
S. 733. A bill to exempt children of certain 
Filipino World War II veterans from the nu-merical limitations on immigrant visas and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. AYOTTE: 
S. 734. A bill to provide for the equitable 
distribution of Universal Service funds to rural States; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Ms. 
B
ALDWIN ): 
S. 735. A bill to require that any trade 
agreement eligible for expedited consider-ation by Congress include requirements with respect to paying adequate wages and main-taining sustainable production methods, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. R
OBERTS , 
Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. B ARRASSO ): 
S. 736. A bill to amend the Endangered Spe-
cies Act of 1973 to require disclosure to States of the basis of determinations under such Act, to ensure use of information pro-vided by State, tribal, and county govern-ments in decisionmaking under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
Mrs. B OXER , Mr. L EAHY , Ms. H IRONO , 
and Mr. M URPHY ): 
S. 737. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to extend the application of the Medicare payment rate floor to pri-mary care services furnished under Medicaid and to apply the rate floor to additional pro-viders of primary care services; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Ms. 
C
ANTWELL , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. 
HEINRICH ): 
S. 738. A bill to reduce the risks associated 
with genetically altered salmon in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. Res. 100. A resolution to provide suffi-
cient time for legislation to be read; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. 
G
ARDNER ): 
S. Res. 101. A resolution relating to pro-
ceedings of the Senate in the event of a par-tial or full shutdown of the Federal Govern-ment; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 23 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 23, a bill to amend title 17, United States Code, with respect to the definition of ‘‘widow’’ and ‘‘wid-ower’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 149 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. GRASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 149, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the ex-cise tax on medical devices. 
S. 163 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator 
from Indiana (Mr. D ONNELLY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 163, a bill to establish a grant program to help State and local law enforcement agencies re-duce the risk of injury and death relat-ing to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism and other disabilities. 
S. 164 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
164, a bill to increase the rates of pay under the General Schedule and other statutory pay systems and for pre-vailing rate employees by 3.8 percent, and for other purposes. 
S. 178 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the vic-tims of trafficking. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from 
Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Illinois 
(Mr. D URBIN ), the Senator from West 
Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ) and the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. S COTT) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 301, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mr. B
ARRASSO , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 301, supra. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 352, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 370 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
370, a bill to require breast density re-porting to physicians and patients by facilities that perform mammograms, and for other purposes. 
S. 423 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and the Senator from 
Tennessee (Mr. A LEXANDER ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 423, a bill to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to pro-
vide an exception to the annual written privacy notice requirement. 
S. 467 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
467, a bill to reduce recidivism and in-crease public safety, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Min-
nesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) and the Senator 
from West Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to repeal the Medicare out-patient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Senator from West 
Virginia (Mr. M ANCHIN ), the Senator 
from Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ), the Sen-
ator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) and 
the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 568, a bill to extend the trade ad-justment assistance program, and for other purposes. 
S. 570 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 570, a bill to improve access to oral health care for vulnerable and un-derserved populations. 
S. 582 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 582, a bill to prohibit tax-payer funded abortions. 
S. 599 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 599, a bill to extend and ex-pand the Medicaid emergency psy-chiatric demonstration project. 
S. 628 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
628, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the designa-tion of maternity care health profes-sional shortage areas. 
S. 636 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 636, a bill to reduce prescrip-tion drug misuse and abuse. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 637, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 650 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.008 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1496 March 12, 2015 
SULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 650, a bill to extend the positive train control system implementation deadline, and for other purposes. 
S. 665 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 665, a bill to encourage, enhance, and integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate information when a law enforcement officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer is received, and for other purposes. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presump-tions relating to the exposure of cer-tain veterans who served in the vicin-ity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 273 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 273 intended to be pro-posed to S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
AMENDMENT NO . 279 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 279 intended to be proposed to S. 178, a bill to pro-vide justice for the victims of traf-ficking. 
AMENDMENT NO . 290 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 290 intended to be pro-posed to S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
AMENDMENT NO . 297 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator 
from North Carolina (Mr. T ILLIS ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 297 intended to be proposed to S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself 
and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ): 
S. 724. A bill to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act to provide enhanced penalties for marketing candy-flavored controlled substances to minors; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
am pleased to join Senator G
RASSLEY  
in re-introducing the Protecting Kids from Candy-Flavored Drugs Act of 2015, formerly known as the Saving Kids 
from Dangerous Drugs Act. 
For years, law enforcement has seen 
drug dealers flavor and market their il-legal drugs to entice minors, using techniques like combining drugs with chocolate and fruit flavors, and even packaging them to look like actual candy and soda. This bill would address this serious and dangerous problem by providing stronger penalties when drug dealers alter controlled substances by combining them with beverages or candy products, marketing or pack-aging them to resemble legitimate products, or flavoring or coloring them, all with the intent to sell the drugs to minors. 
Recent reports by law enforcement 
and by the media demonstrate the need for this legislation. Last year, a cap-tain in the Drugs and Vice Division of an Oregon police department told my office that he ‘‘routinely encounter[s]’’ ecstasy; it is ‘‘often found packaged with cartoon characters on the labeling[,] shaped in pacifier form[,] or with the outline of various animals stamped [on the] drug when in pill form.’’ He continued that ‘‘‘[c]andy’ bracelets of MDMA [ecstasy] are also common. Various unique colors of pills are also frequently encountered with the clear intent to market and make the drug appealing to the young.’’ 
Also last year, a narcotics team 
member in an Oregon sheriff’s office told my office that he frequently en-counters gummy bears laced with Xanex. The ‘‘only customers are juve-niles,’’ according to the officer. He noted that if a youth gets hooked, he will become a regular customer. 
Law enforcement has made several 
notable busts of large productions of candied or flavored drugs. In January 2013, the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration seized THC-laden soft drinks, cookies, brownies, and candy from two phony medical marijuana dispensaries in my home state of California. These dispensaries grossed an estimated $3.5 million annually. The names of the products seized show how the pur-veyors of these drugs marketed them under names that resembled popular soda and candy products: bottles were labeled ‘‘7 High,’’ ‘‘Dr. Feelgood,’’ and ‘‘Laughing Lemonade’’; cookies and brownies had such names as ‘‘White Chip Hash Brownie’’ and ‘‘Reese’s Crumbled Hash Brownie; and candy was named ‘‘Jolly Stones THC Medi-cated Hard Candies’’ and ‘‘Stone Candy.’’ 
Around Halloween 2013, police seized 
more than 40 pounds of THC-laced candy from a campus apartment at West Chester University, outside of Philadelphia. This candy was vividly colored, in a virtual rainbow assort-ment—pink, yellow, orange, blue, and red. When college students are peddling these drugs, it is not hard to see how minors can become targets of the oper-ation. 
Many recent incidents involve meth-
amphetamine, a drug whose users face a ‘‘very high’’ risk of ‘‘developing psy-
chotic symptoms—hallucinations and delusions,’’ according to a recent Har-vard Medical School publication. A 2007 article in USA Today entitled ‘‘DEA: Flavored meth use on the rise’’ stated that ‘‘[r]eports of candy-flavored meth-amphetamine are emerging around the nation, stirring concern among police and abuse prevention experts that drug dealers are marketing the drug to younger people.’’ In March of 2012, po-lice in Chicago warned parents about a drug that ‘‘looks and smells like candy,’’ called ‘‘strawberry quick’’ or ‘‘strawberry meth.’’ Because of the drug’s similarity to candy, police urged parents to tell their children not to 
take candy from anyone, not even a classmate. 
Regrettably, this is a problem that 
has persisted for many years, with drug dealers trying various methods to lure kids to try many dangerous drugs. The dealers’ logic is simple: the best way to create a life-long customer is to hook that person when he or she is young. According to an Indiana sheriff quoted in a 2007 article entitled ‘‘Fruity meth aimed at kids,’’ flavoring a drug like methamphetamine makes it ‘‘more at-tractive to teens, because it takes away meth’s normally bitter taste, and some dealers will tell potential users this meth is safer, and has less side ef-fects.’’ 
That is why the practice of flavoring 
or coloring drugs to entice youth is so dangerous. It deceives the young cus-tomer into believing that he or she is not actually ingesting drugs, or at least not ingesting drugs that are as potent as non-flavored drugs. One in three teens already believes there is ‘‘only a slight or no risk in trying [methamphetamine],’’ according to the 2007 National Meth Use & Attitudes Survey. When you flavor methamphet-amine or market it as candy or soda, the number of teens who believe that the drug is not harmful is surely high-er. 
The size and sophistication of some 
of these operations is particularly alarming. In March of 2006, DEA dis-covered large-scale marijuana cultiva-tion and production facilities in Emeryville and Oakland, CA. Thou-sands of marijuana plants, and hun-dreds of marijuana-related soda, candy, and other products were seized from the drug dealers’ facilities. The prod-ucts were designed and packaged to look like legitimate products, includ-ing an item called ‘‘Munchy Way’’ candy bars. 
Similarly, in March of 2008, Drug En-
forcement Administration, DEA, agents seized cocaine near Modesto, CA, that was valued at $272,400; a sig-nificant quantity had been flavored like cinnamon, coconut, lemon, or strawberry. After that raid, one DEA agent stated that ‘‘[a]ttempting to lure new, younger customers to a dangerous drug by adding candy ‘flavors’ is an un-conscionable marketing technique.’’ 
I completely agree. That is why we 
need to act now to stop those who alter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.010 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1497 March 12, 2015 
drugs to make them more appealing to 
youth. 
Under current Federal law, there is 
no enhanced penalty for a person who alters a controlled substance to make the drug more appealing to youth. Someone who alters a controlled sub-stance in ways prohibited by the legis-lation we are introducing today would be subject to an additional penalty of up to 10 years, in addition to the pen-alty for the underlying offense. If someone is convicted of a second of-fense that is prohibited by the act, that person would face an additional pen-alty of up to 20 years. Furthermore, a prosecutor who does not charge the separate crime of candying or flavoring a drug may still seek an enhancement at sentencing, under this bill. 
This bill sends a strong and clear 
message to drug dealers—if you flavor or candy up your drugs to try to entice our children, there will be a very heavy price to pay. It will help stop drug dealers from engaging in these activi-ties, and punish them appropriately if they don’t. 
I am pleased that many of the lead-
ing national law enforcement and anti- drug organizations support this bill: the Fraternal Order of Police, the Na-tional District Attorneys Association, the Community Anti-Drug Coalitions of America, the Federal Law Enforce-ment Officers Association, and the Na-tional High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area, HIDTA, Directors’ Association have all endorsed this legislation. The individuals that these organizations represent are on the front lines work-ing to keep these drugs out of our com-munities. 
The Senate passed a similar version 
of this legislation by unanimous con-sent in the 111th Congress, but it was not considered in the House. The time is now for Congress to finish this work, and enact this bill into law. 
I urge my colleagues to join me and 
Senator G
RASSLEY in supporting this 
bill. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
REED, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W YDEN , 
Mrs. B OXER , Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
SCHATZ , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and 
Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 729. A bill to amend title 11, 
United States Code, with respect to certain exceptions to discharge in bankruptcy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 729 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fairness for 
Struggling Students Act of 2015’’. SEC. 2. EXCEPTIONS TO DISCHARGE. 
Section 523(a)(8) of title 11, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘dependents, for’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘dependents, for an educational benefit overpayment or loan made, insured, or guaranteed by a gov-ernmental unit or made under any program funded in whole or in part by a governmental unit or an obligation to repay funds received from a governmental unit as an educational benefit, scholarship, or stipend;’’. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 100—TO PRO-
VIDE SUFFICIENT TIME FOR LEGISLATION TO BE READ 
Mr. PAUL submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administra-tion: 
S. R ES. 100 
Resolved, That (a) it shall not be in order 
for the Senate to consider any bill, resolu-tion, message, conference report, amend-ment between the Houses, amendment, trea-ty, or any other measure or matter until 1 session day has passed since introduction for every 20 pages included in the measure or matter in the usual form plus 1 session day for any number of remaining pages less than 20 in the usual form. 
(b)(1) Any Senator may raise a point of 
order that consideration of any bill, resolu-tion, message, conference report, amend-ment, treaty, or any other measure or mat-ter is not in order under subsection (a). No motion to table the point of order shall be in order. 
(2) Paragraph (1) may be waived or sus-
pended only by an affirmative vote of three- fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. All motions to waive under this para-graph shall be debatable collectively for not to exceed 3 hours equally divided between the Senator raising the point for order and the Senator moving to waive the point of order or their designees. A motion to waive the point of order shall not be amendable. 
(3) This resolution is enacted pursuant to 
the power granted to each House of Congress to determine the Rules of its Proceedings in clause 2 of section 5 of article I of the Con-stitution of the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 101—RELAT-
ING TO PROCEEDINGS OF THE SENATE IN THE EVENT OF A PARTIAL OR FULL SHUTDOWN OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT 
Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. 
G
ARDNER ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administra-tion: 
S. R ES. 101 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This resolution may be cited as the ‘‘Shut-
down Accountability Resolution’’. 
SEC. 2. PROCEEDINGS OF THE SENATE DURING A 
FULL OR PARTIAL GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘Government shutdown’’ means a lapse in appropriations for 1 or more agencies of the Federal Government. 
(b) C
ONVENING OF THE SENATE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any rule 
or order of the Senate, during the period of a Government shutdown— (A) the Senate shall convene at 8:00 a.m. 
each day, unless the body is in continuous session; and 
(B) it shall not be in order to ask for, and 
the Presiding Officer shall not entertain a request for, unanimous consent to change the hour or day on which the Senate shall convene under subparagraph (A). 
(2) S
ENATE NOT IN SESSION .—If the Senate is 
not in session on the first calendar day of a Government shutdown, the majority leader, after consultation with the minority leader, shall notify Members of the Senate that, pursuant to this standing order, the Senate shall convene at 8:00 a.m. on the next cal-endar day of the Government shutdown. 
(c) P
RESENCE OF A QUORUM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—During the period of a 
Government shutdown, and notwithstanding any provision of the Standing Rules of the Senate— 
(A) immediately after the Presiding Officer 
takes the chair in accordance with rule IV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, the Pre-siding Officer shall direct the Clerk to call the roll to ascertain the presence of a quorum; and 
(B) 1 hour after the presence of a quorum 
has last been demonstrated, the Presiding Officer shall direct the Clerk to call the roll to ascertain the presence of a quorum. 
(2) L
ACK OF QUORUM .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—If, upon a calling of the 
roll under paragraph (1), it shall be ascertained that a quorum is not present— 
(i) the Presiding Officer shall direct the 
Clerk to call the names of any absent Sen-ators; and 
(ii) following the calling of the names 
under clause (i), the Presiding Officer shall, without intervening motion or debate, sub-mit to the Senate by a yea-and-nay vote the question: ‘‘Shall the Sergeant-at-Arms be di-rected to request the attendance of absent Senators?’’. 
(B) D
IRECTION TO COMPEL ATTENDANCE .—If a 
quorum is not present 15 minutes after the time at which the vote on a question sub-mitted under subparagraph (A)(ii) starts, the Presiding Officer shall, without intervening motion or debate, submit to the Senate by a yea-and-nay vote the question: ‘‘Shall the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to compel the attendance of absent Senators?’’. 
(C) A
RREST OF ABSENT SENATORS .—Effec-
tive 1 hour after the Sergeant-at-Arms is di-rected to compel the attendance of absent Senators under subparagraph (B), if any Sen-ator not excused under rule XII of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate is not in attendance, the Senate shall be deemed to have agreed an order that reads as follows: ‘‘Ordered, That the Sergeant at Arms be directed to arrest absent Senators; that warrants for the ar-rests of all Senators not sick nor excused be issued under the signature of the Presiding Officer and attested by the Secretary, and that such warrants be executed without delay.’’. 
(D) R
EPORTS .—Not less frequently than 
once per hour during proceedings to compel the attendance of absent Senators, the Ser-geant at Arms shall submit to the Senate a report on absent Senators, which shall— 
(i) be laid before the Senate; (ii) identify each Senator whose absence is 
excused; 
(iii) identify each Senator who is absent 
without excuse; and 
(iv) for each Senator identified under 
clause (iii), provide information on the cur-rent location of the Senator. 
(3) R
EGAINING THE FLOOR .—If a Senator had 
been recognized to speak at the time a call of the roll to ascertain the presence of a quorum was initiated under paragraph (2)(A), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.014 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1498 March 12, 2015 
and if the presence of a quorum is estab-
lished, that Senator shall be entitled to be recognized to speak. 
(d) A
DJOURNING AND RECESSING .—During 
the period of a Government shutdown— 
(1) a motion to adjourn or to recess the 
Senate shall be decided by a yea-or-nay vote; 
(2) if a quorum is present, the Presiding Of-
ficer shall not entertain a request to adjourn or recess the Senate by unanimous consent or to vitiate the yeas and nays on such a mo-tion by unanimous consent; 
(3) a motion to adjourn or a motion to re-
cess made during the period beginning at 8:00 a.m. and ending at 11:59 p.m., shall only be agreed to upon an affirmative vote of two- thirds of the Senators present and voting, a quorum being present; and 
(4) if the Senate must adjourn due to the 
absence of a quorum, the Senate shall recon-vene 2 hours after the time at which it ad-journs and ascertain the presence of a quorum in accordance with subsection (c)(1). 
(e) N
OSUSPENSION OF REQUIREMENTS .—The 
Presiding Officer may not entertain a re-quest to suspend the operation of this stand-ing order by unanimous consent or motion. 
(f) C
ONSISTENCY WITHSENATE EMERGENCY  
PROCEDURES AND PRACTICES .—Nothing in 
this standing order shall be construed in a manner that is inconsistent with S. Res. 296 (108th Congress) or any other emergency pro-cedures or practices of the Senate. 
(g) S
TANDING ORDER .—This section shall be 
a standing order of the Senate. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 298. Mr. SESSIONS (for himself and Mr. 
VITTER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 299. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 300. Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. 
MURRAY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. 
BROWN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. R EID, Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , and Mr. P ETERS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 298. Mr. SESSIONS (for himself 
and Mr. V ITTER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 48, line 21, strike 
‘‘human smuggling)’’ and all that follows through page 49, line 2 and insert ‘‘human smuggling).’’. 
SA 299. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 60, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(4) E LIGIBLE ENTITIES COLLECTING DATA ON  
CHILD HUMAN TRAFFICKING .—No eligible enti-
ty shall be precluded from being awarded a grant under subsection (a) on the grounds that the eligible entity has only recently 
begun collecting data on child human traf-ficking.’’. 
SA 300. Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Mr. B ENNET , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. B ROWN , 
Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. R EID, Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , and Mr. P ETERS ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING 
Sec. 101. Domestic Trafficking Victims’ 
Fund. 
Sec. 102. Clarifying the benefits and protec-
tions offered to domestic vic-tims of human trafficking. 
Sec. 103. Victim-centered child human traf-
ficking deterrence block grant program. 
Sec. 104. Direct services for victims of child 
pornography. 
Sec. 105. Increasing compensation and res-
titution for trafficking victims. 
Sec. 106. Streamlining human trafficking in-
vestigations. 
Sec. 107. Enhancing human trafficking re-
porting. 
Sec. 108. Reducing demand for sex traf-
ficking. 
Sec. 109. Sense of Congress. Sec. 110. Using existing task forces and com-
ponents to target offenders who exploit children. 
Sec. 111. Targeting child predators. Sec. 112. Monitoring all human traffickers 
as violent criminals. 
Sec. 113. Crime victims’ rights. Sec. 114. Combat Human Trafficking Act. Sec. 115. Survivors of Human Trafficking 
Empowerment Act. 
Sec. 116. Bringing Missing Children Home 
Act. 
Sec. 117. Grant accountability. 
TITLE II—COMBATING HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING 
Subtitle A—Enhancing Services for Runaway 
and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking 
Sec. 201. Amendments to the Runaway and 
Homeless Youth Act. 
Subtitle B—Improving the Response to 
Victims of Child Sex Trafficking 
Sec. 211. Response to victims of child sex 
trafficking. 
Subtitle C—Interagency Task Force to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking 
Sec. 221. Victim of trafficking defined. 
Sec. 222. Interagency task force report on 
child trafficking primary pre-vention. 
Sec. 223. GAO Report on intervention. Sec. 224. Provision of housing permitted to 
protect and assist in the recov-ery of victims of trafficking. 
TITLE III—HERO ACT 
Sec. 301. Short title. 
Sec. 302. HERO Act. TITLE IV—RUNAWAY AND HOMELESS 
YOUTH AND TRAFFICKING PREVEN-TION ACT 
Sec. 401. Runaway and homeless youth and 
trafficking prevention. 
Sec. 402. Response to missing children and 
victims of child sex trafficking. 
TITLE V—STOP EXPLOITATION 
THROUGH TRAFFICKING ACT 
Sec. 501. Short title. 
Sec. 502. Safe Harbor Incentives. Sec. 503. Report on restitution paid in con-
nection with certain trafficking offenses. 
Sec. 504. National human trafficking hot-
line. 
Sec. 505. Job corps eligibility. Sec. 506. Clarification of authority of the 
United States Marshals Serv-ice. 
Sec. 507. Establishing a national strategy to 
combat human trafficking. 
TITLE I—JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING 
SEC. 101. DOMESTIC TRAFFICKING VICTIMS’ 
FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 201 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 3014. Additional special assessment 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Beginning on the date of 
enactment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 and ending on September, 30 2019, in addition to the assessment im-posed under section 3013, the court shall as-sess an amount of $5,000 on any non-indigent person or entity convicted of an offense under— 
‘‘(1) chapter 77 (relating to peonage, slav-
ery, and trafficking in persons); 
‘‘(2) chapter 109A (relating to sexual 
abuse); 
‘‘(3) chapter 110 (relating to sexual exploi-
tation and other abuse of children); 
‘‘(4) chapter 117 (relating to transportation 
for illegal sexual activity and related crimes); or 
‘‘(5) section 274 of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324) (relating to human smuggling), unless the person in-duced, assisted, abetted, or aided only an in-dividual who at the time of such action was the alien’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter (and no other individual) to enter the United States in violation of law. 
‘‘(b) S
ATISFACTION OF OTHER COURT -OR-
DERED OBLIGATIONS .—An assessment under 
subsection (a) shall not be payable until the person subject to the assessment has satis-fied all outstanding court-ordered fines and orders of restitution arising from the crimi-nal convictions on which the special assess-ment is based. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF DOMESTIC TRAF-
FICKING VICTIMS ’ FUND.—There is established 
in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund’ (referred to in this section as the ‘Fund’), to be administered by the Attor-ney General, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. 
‘‘(d) D
EPOSITS .—Notwithstanding section 
3302 of title 31, or any other law regarding the crediting of money received for the Gov-ernment, there shall be deposited in the Fund an amount equal to the amount of the assessments collected under this section, which shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts in the 
Fund, in addition to any other amounts available, and without further appropriation, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.016 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1499 March 12, 2015 
2020, use amounts available in the Fund to 
award grants or enhance victims’ program-ming under— 
‘‘(A) sections 202, 203, and 204 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044a, 14044b, and 14044c); 
‘‘(B) subsections (b)(2) and (f) of section 107 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
‘‘(C) section 214(b) of the Victims of Child 
Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS .—Of the amounts in the Fund 
used under paragraph (1), not less than $2,000,000, if such amounts are available in the Fund during the relevant fiscal year, shall be used for grants to provide services for child pornography victims under section 214(b) of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(f) T
RANSFERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Effective on the day 
after the date of enactment of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, on Sep-tember 30 of each fiscal year, all unobligated balances in the Fund shall be transferred to the Crime Victims Fund established under section 1402 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601). 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts transferred 
under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) shall be available for any authorized 
purpose of the Crime Victims Fund; and 
‘‘(B) shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(g) C OLLECTION METHOD .—The amount as-
sessed under subsection (a) shall, subject to subsection (b), be collected in the manner that fines are collected in criminal cases. 
‘‘(h) D
URATION OF OBLIGATION .—Subject to 
section 3613(b), the obligation to pay an as-sessment imposed on or after the date of en-actment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 shall not cease until the assessment is paid in full.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 201 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3013 the following: 
‘‘3014. Additional special assessment.’’. 
SEC. 102. CLARIFYING THE BENEFITS AND PRO-
TECTIONS OFFERED TO DOMESTIC VICTIMS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 107(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) and 
(G) as subparagraphs (G) and (H), respec-
tively; 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following: 
‘‘(F) N
O REQUIREMENT OF OFFICIAL CERTIFI -
CATION FOR UNITED STATES CITIZENS AND LAW -
FUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to require United States citizens or lawful permanent resi-dents who are victims of severe forms of traf-ficking to obtain an official certification from the Secretary of Health and Human Services in order to access any of the spe-cialized services described in this subsection or any other Federal benefits and protec-tions to which they are otherwise entitled.’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (H), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subparagraph (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (G)’’. 
SEC. 103. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 203. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Attorney 
General may award block grants to an eligi-ble entity to develop, improve, or expand do-
mestic child human trafficking deterrence programs that assist law enforcement offi-cers, prosecutors, judicial officials, and qualified victims’ services organizations in collaborating to rescue and restore the lives of victims, while investigating and pros-ecuting offenses involving child human traf-ficking. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grants 
awarded under subsection (a) may be used for— 
‘‘(1) the establishment or enhancement of 
specialized training programs for law en-forcement officers, first responders, health care officials, child welfare officials, juvenile justice personnel, prosecutors, and judicial personnel to— 
‘‘(A) identify victims and acts of child 
human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) address the unique needs of child vic-
tims of human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) facilitate the rescue of child victims 
of human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) investigate and prosecute acts of 
human trafficking, including the soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing of commercial sex acts from children, as well as training to build cases against complex criminal net-works involved in child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) utilize, implement, and provide edu-
cation on safe harbor laws enacted by States, aimed at preventing the criminalization and prosecution of child sex trafficking victims for prostitution offenses, and other laws aimed at the investigation and prosecution of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(2) the establishment or enhancement of 
dedicated anti-trafficking law enforcement units and task forces to investigate child human trafficking offenses and to rescue vic-tims, including— 
‘‘(A) funding salaries, in whole or in part, 
for law enforcement officers, including pa-trol officers, detectives, and investigators, except that the percentage of the salary of the law enforcement officer paid for by funds from a grant awarded under this section shall not be more than the percentage of the officer’s time on duty that is dedicated to working on cases involving child human traf-ficking; 
‘‘(B) investigation expenses for cases in-
volving child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) wire taps; ‘‘(ii) consultants with expertise specific to 
cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) travel; and ‘‘(iv) other technical assistance expendi-
tures; 
‘‘(C) dedicated anti-trafficking prosecution 
units, including the funding of salaries for State and local prosecutors, including assist-ing in paying trial expenses for prosecution of child human trafficking offenders, except that the percentage of the total salary of a State or local prosecutor that is paid using an award under this section shall be not more than the percentage of the total num-ber of hours worked by the prosecutor that is spent working on cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) the establishment of child human 
trafficking victim witness safety, assistance, and relocation programs that encourage co-operation with law enforcement investiga-tions of crimes of child human trafficking by leveraging existing resources and delivering child human trafficking victims’ services through coordination with— 
‘‘(i) child advocacy centers; ‘‘(ii) social service agencies; ‘‘(iii) State governmental health service 
agencies; 
‘‘(iv) housing agencies; ‘‘(v) legal services agencies; and ‘‘(vi) nongovernmental organizations and 
shelter service providers with substantial ex-perience in delivering wrap-around services to victims of child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) the establishment or enhancement of 
other necessary victim assistance programs or personnel, such as victim or child advo-cates, child-protective services, child foren-sic interviews, or other necessary service providers; and 
‘‘(3) the establishment or enhancement of 
problem solving court programs for traf-ficking victims that include— 
‘‘(A) mandatory and regular training re-
quirements for judicial officials involved in the administration or operation of the court program described under this paragraph; 
‘‘(B) continuing judicial supervision of vic-
tims of child human trafficking, including case worker or child welfare supervision in collaboration with judicial officers, who have been identified by a law enforcement or judicial officer as a potential victim of child human trafficking, regardless of whether the victim has been charged with a crime related to human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) the development of a specialized and 
individualized, court-ordered treatment pro-gram for identified victims of child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) State-administered outpatient treat-
ment; 
‘‘(ii) life skills training; ‘‘(iii) housing placement; ‘‘(iv) vocational training; ‘‘(v) education; ‘‘(vi) family support services; and ‘‘(vii) job placement; ‘‘(D) centralized case management involv-
ing the consolidation of all of each child human trafficking victim’s cases and of-fenses, and the coordination of all traf-ficking victim treatment programs and so-cial services; 
‘‘(E) regular and mandatory court appear-
ances by the victim during the duration of the treatment program for purposes of ensur-ing compliance and effectiveness; 
‘‘(F) the ultimate dismissal of relevant 
non-violent criminal charges against the vic-tim, where such victim successfully complies with the terms of the court-ordered treat-ment program; and 
‘‘(G) collaborative efforts with child advo-
cacy centers, child welfare agencies, shel-ters, and nongovernmental organizations with substantial experience in delivering wrap-around services to victims of child human trafficking to provide services to vic-tims and encourage cooperation with law en-forcement. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity shall 
submit an application to the Attorney Gen-eral for a grant under this section in such form and manner as the Attorney General may require. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—An applica-
tion submitted under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) describe the activities for which as-
sistance under this section is sought; 
‘‘(B) include a detailed plan for the use of 
funds awarded under the grant; 
‘‘(C) provide such additional information 
and assurances as the Attorney General de-termines to be necessary to ensure compli-ance with the requirements of this section; and 
‘‘(D) disclose— ‘‘(i) any other grant funding from the De-
partment of Justice or from any other Fed-eral department or agency for purposes simi-lar to those described in subsection (b) for which the eligible entity has applied, and which application is pending on the date of the submission of an application under this section; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.021 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1500 March 12, 2015 
‘‘(ii) any other such grant funding that the 
eligible entity has received during the 5-year period ending on the date of the submission of an application under this section. 
‘‘(3) P
REFERENCE .—In reviewing applica-
tions submitted in accordance with para-graphs (1) and (2), the Attorney General shall give preference to grant applications if— 
‘‘(A) the application includes a plan to use 
awarded funds to engage in all activities de-scribed under paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b); or 
‘‘(B) the application includes a plan by the 
State or unit of local government to con-tinue funding of all activities funded by the award after the expiration of the award. 
‘‘(d) D
URATION AND RENEWAL OF AWARD .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sec-
tion shall expire 3 years after the date of award of the grant. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—A grant under this section 
shall be renewable not more than 2 times and for a period of not greater than 2 years. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION .—The Attorney General 
shall— 
‘‘(1) enter into a contract with a non-
governmental organization, including an academic or nonprofit organization, that has experience with issues related to child human trafficking and evaluation of grant programs to conduct periodic evaluations of grants made under this section to determine the impact and effectiveness of programs funded with grants awarded under this sec-tion; 
‘‘(2) instruct the Inspector General of the 
Department of Justice to review evaluations issued under paragraph (1) to determine the methodological and statistical validity of the evaluations; and 
‘‘(3) submit the results of any evaluation 
conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of 
the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives. 
‘‘(f) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—An eligible 
entity awarded funds under this section that is found to have used grant funds for any un-authorized expenditure or otherwise unal-lowable cost shall not be eligible for any grant funds awarded under the block grant for 2 fiscal years following the year in which the unauthorized expenditure or unallowable cost is reported. 
‘‘(g) C
OMPLIANCE REQUIREMENT .—An eligi-
ble entity shall not be eligible to receive a grant under this section if within the 5 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this section, the grantee has been found to have violated the terms or conditions of a Government grant program by utilizing grant funds for unauthorized ex-penditures or otherwise unallowable costs. 
‘‘(h) A
DMINISTRATIVE CAP.—The cost of ad-
ministering the grants authorized by this section shall not exceed 5 percent of the total amount expended to carry out this sec-tion. 
‘‘(i) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a program funded by a grant awarded under this section shall be— 
‘‘(1) 70 percent in the first year; ‘‘(2) 60 percent in the second year; and ‘‘(3) 50 percent in the third year, and in all 
subsequent years. 
‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF FUNDING ; F ULLY  
OFFSET .—For purposes of carrying out this 
section, the Attorney General, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, is authorized to award not more than $7,000,000 of the funds available in the Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund, es-tablished under section 3014 of title 18, United States Code, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘child’ means a person under 
the age of 18; ‘‘(2) the term ‘child advocacy center’ 
means a center created under subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13001 et seq.); 
‘‘(3) the term ‘child human trafficking’ 
means 1 or more severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) involving a victim who is a child; and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘eligible entity’ means a 
State or unit of local government that— 
‘‘(A) has significant criminal activity in-
volving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) has demonstrated cooperation be-
tween Federal, State, local, and, where ap-plicable, tribal law enforcement agencies, prosecutors, and social service providers in addressing child human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) has developed a workable, multi-dis-
ciplinary plan to combat child human traf-ficking, including— 
‘‘(i) the establishment of a shelter for vic-
tims of child human trafficking, through ex-isting or new facilities; 
‘‘(ii) the provision of trauma-informed, 
gender-responsive rehabilitative care to vic-tims of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) the provision of specialized training 
for law enforcement officers and social serv-ice providers for all forms of human traf-ficking, with a focus on domestic child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iv) prevention, deterrence, and prosecu-
tion of offenses involving child human traf-ficking, including soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing human acts with children; 
‘‘(v) cooperation or referral agreements 
with organizations providing outreach or other related services to runaway and home-less youth; 
‘‘(vi) law enforcement protocols or proce-
dures to screen all individuals arrested for prostitution, whether adult or child, for vic-timization by sex trafficking and by other crimes, such as sexual assault and domestic violence; and 
‘‘(vii) cooperation or referral agreements 
with State child welfare agencies and child advocacy centers; and 
‘‘(D) provides an assurance that, under the 
plan under subparagraph (C), a victim of child human trafficking shall not be required to collaborate with law enforcement officers to have access to any shelter or services pro-vided with a grant under this section. 
‘‘(l) G
RANT ACCOUNTABILITY ; SPECIALIZED  
VICTIMS ’ SERVICE REQUIREMENT .—No grant 
funds under this section may be awarded or transferred to any entity unless such entity has demonstrated substantial experience providing services to victims of human traf-ficking or related populations (such as run-away and homeless youth), or employs staff specialized in the treatment of human traf-ficking victims.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents in section 1(b) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (22 U.S.C. 7101 note) is amended by striking the item relating to section 203 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 203. Victim-centered child human traf-
ficking deterrence block grant program.’’. 
SEC. 104. DIRECT SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF 
CHILD PORNOGRAPHY. 
The Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 
U.S.C. 13001 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 212(5) (42 U.S.C. 13001a(5)), by 
inserting ‘‘, including human trafficking and the production of child pornography’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(2) in section 214 (42 U.S.C. 13002)— (A) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), 
and (d) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respec-tively; and (B) by inserting after subsection (a) the 
following: 
‘‘(b) D
IRECT SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF CHILD 
PORNOGRAPHY .—The Administrator, in co-
ordination with the Director and with the Director of the Office of Victims of Crime, may make grants to develop and implement specialized programs to identify and provide direct services to victims of child pornog-raphy.’’. 
SEC. 105. INCREASING COMPENSATION AND RES-
TITUTION FOR TRAFFICKING VIC-TIMS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO TITLE 18.—Section 1594 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘that was used or’’ and in-
serting ‘‘that was involved in, used, or’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, and any property trace-
able to such property’’ after ‘‘such viola-tion’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, or any 
property traceable to such property’’ after ‘‘such violation’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘used or’’ and inserting 
‘‘involved in, used, or’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, and any property trace-
able to such property’’ after ‘‘any violation of this chapter’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (g); and 
(4) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(f) T
RANSFER OF FORFEITED ASSETS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Attorney General shall transfer assets forfeited pursuant to this section, or the proceeds derived from the sale thereof, to satisfy victim restitution or-ders arising from violations of this chapter. 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—Transfers pursuant to para-
graph (1) shall have priority over any other claims to the assets or their proceeds. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF NONFORFEITED ASSETS .—Trans-
fers pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not re-duce or otherwise mitigate the obligation of a person convicted of a violation of this chapter to satisfy the full amount of a res-titution order through the use of non-for-feited assets or to reimburse the Attorney General for the value of assets or proceeds transferred under this subsection through the use of nonforfeited assets.’’. 
(b) A
MENDMENT TO TITLE 28.—Section 
524(c)(1)(B) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘chapter 77 of title 18,’’ after ‘‘criminal drug laws of the United States or of’’. 
(c) A
MENDMENTS TO TITLE 31.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 31, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating section 9703 (as added 
by section 638(b)(1) of the Treasury, Postal Service, and General Government Appropria-tions Act, 1993 (Public Law 102–393; 106 Stat. 1779)) as section 9705; and 
(B) in section 9705(a), as redesignated— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (I)— (aa) by striking ‘‘payment’’ and inserting 
‘‘Payment’’; and 
(bb) by striking the semicolon at the end 
and inserting a period; and 
(II) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘pay-
ment’’ and inserting ‘‘Payment’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) in clause (iii)— (AA) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ and 
inserting ‘‘of’’; and 
(BB) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(bb) in clause (iv), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(cc) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.021 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1501 March 12, 2015 
‘‘(v) United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement with respect to a viola-tion of chapter 77 of title 18 (relating to human trafficking);’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (G), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; and 
(III) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘; 
and’’ and inserting a period. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(A) C ROSS REFERENCES .— 
(i) T ITLE 28 .—Section 524(c) of title 28, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(I) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(g)(4)(A)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(g)(4)(A)’’; 
(II) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(p)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’; and 
(III) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘section 
9703’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705’’. 
(ii) T
ITLE 31 .—Title 31, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(I) in section 312(d), by striking ‘‘section 
9703’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705’’; and 
(II) in section 5340(1), by striking ‘‘section 
9703(p)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’. 
(iii) T ITLE 39 .—Section 2003(e)(1) of title 39, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 9703(p)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9705(o)’’. 
(B) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 97 of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘9701. Fees and charges for Government serv-
ices and things of value. 
‘‘9702. Investment of trust funds. ‘‘9703. Managerial accountability and flexi-
bility. 
‘‘9704. Pilot projects for managerial account-
ability and flexibility. 
‘‘9705. Department of the Treasury For-
feiture Fund.’’. 
SEC. 106. STREAMLINING HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
INVESTIGATIONS. 
Section 2516 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (a), by inserting a 
comma after ‘‘weapons)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (c)— (i) by inserting ‘‘section 1581 (peonage), 
section 1584 (involuntary servitude), section 1589 (forced labor), section 1590 (trafficking with respect to peonage, slavery, involun-tary servitude, or forced labor),’’ before ‘‘sec-tion 1591’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘section 1592 (unlawful 
conduct with respect to documents in fur-therance of trafficking, peonage, slavery, in-voluntary servitude, or forced labor),’’ before ‘‘section 1751’’; 
(iii) by inserting a comma after ‘‘virus)’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘,, section’’ and inserting a 
comma; 
(v) by striking ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘misuse of pass-
ports),’’; and 
(vi) by inserting ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘section 555’’; (C) in subparagraph (j), by striking ‘‘pipe-
line,)’’ and inserting ‘‘pipeline),’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (p), by striking ‘‘docu-
ments, section 1028A (relating to aggravated identity theft))’’ and inserting ‘‘documents), section 1028A (relating to aggravated iden-tity theft)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘human 
trafficking, child sexual exploitation, child pornography production,’’ after ‘‘kidnap-ping’’. 
SEC. 107. ENHANCING HUMAN TRAFFICKING RE-
PORTING. 
Section 505 of title I of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) P
ART 1 VIOLENT CRIMES TOINCLUDE  
HUMAN TRAFFICKING .—For purposes of this 
section, the term ‘part 1 violent crimes’ shall include severe forms of trafficking in persons 
(as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)).’’. 
SEC. 108. REDUCING DEMAND FOR SEX TRAF-
FICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1591 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘or 
maintains’’ and inserting ‘‘maintains, pa-tronizes, or solicits’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘or maintained’’ and in-
serting ‘‘, maintained, patronized, or solic-ited’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘knew that the person’’ and 
inserting ‘‘knew, or recklessly disregarded the fact, that the person’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION AMENDED .—Section 103(10) 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or obtaining’’ and inserting ‘‘obtaining, patronizing, or soliciting’’. 
(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the amend-
ments made by this section is to clarify the range of conduct punished as sex trafficking. 
SEC. 109. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) section 1591 of title 18, United States 
Code, defines a sex trafficker as a person who ‘‘knowingly. . .recruits, entices, harbors, transports, provides, obtains, or maintains by any means a person . . . knowing, or in reckless disregard of the fact, that means of force, threats of force, fraud, coercion . . . or any combination of such means will be used to cause the person to engage in a commer-cial sex act, or that the person has not at-tained the age of 18 years and will be caused to engage in a commercial sex act’’; 
(2) while use of the word ‘‘obtains’’ in sec-
tion 1591, United States Code, has been inter-preted, prior to the date of enactment of this Act, to encompass those who purchase illicit sexual acts from trafficking victims, some confusion persists; 
(3) in United States vs. Jungers, 702 F.3d 
1066 (8th Cir. 2013), the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit ruled that section 1591 of title 18, United States Code, applied to persons who purchase illicit sex-ual acts with trafficking victims after the United States District Court for the District of South Dakota erroneously granted mo-tions to acquit these buyers in two separate cases; and 
(4) section 108 of this title amends section 
1591 of title 18, United States Code, to add the words ‘‘solicits or patronizes’’ to the sex trafficking statute making absolutely clear for judges, juries, prosecutors, and law en-forcement officials that criminals who pur-chase sexual acts from human trafficking victims may be arrested, prosecuted, and convicted as sex trafficking offenders when this is merited by the facts of a particular case. 
SEC. 110. USING EXISTING TASK FORCES AND 
COMPONENTS TO TARGET OFFEND-ERS WHO EXPLOIT CHILDREN. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall ensure that— 
(1) all task forces and working groups 
within the Innocence Lost National Initia-tive engage in activities, programs, or oper-ations to increase the investigative capabili-ties of State and local law enforcement offi-cers in the detection, investigation, and prosecution of persons who patronize, or so-licit children for sex; and (2) all components and task forces with ju-
risdiction to detect, investigate, and pros-ecute cases of child labor trafficking engage in activities, programs, or operations to in-crease the capacity of such components to deter and punish child labor trafficking. 
SEC. 111. TARGETING CHILD PREDATORS. 
(a) C LARIFYING THAT CHILD PORNOGRAPHY  
PRODUCERS AREHUMAN TRAFFICKERS .—Sec-
tion 2423(f) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘means (1) a’’ and inserting 
the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(1) a’’; (2) by striking ‘‘United States; or (2) any’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘United States; 
‘‘(2) any’’; and (3) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting the following: ‘‘; or 
‘‘(3) production of child pornography (as 
defined in section 2256(8)).’’. 
(b) H
OLDING SEXTRAFFICKERS ACCOUNT -
ABLE .—Section 2423(g) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘a pre-ponderance of the evidence’’ and inserting ‘‘clear and convincing evidence’’. 
SEC. 112. MONITORING ALL HUMAN TRAF-
FICKERS AS VIOLENT CRIMINALS. 
Section 3156(a)(4)(C) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘77,’’ after ‘‘chapter’’. 
SEC. 113. CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3771 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(9) The right to be informed in a timely 
manner of any plea bargain or deferred pros-ecution agreement. 
‘‘(10) The right to be informed of the rights 
under this section and the services described in section 503(c) of the Victims’ Rights and Restitution Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 10607(c)) and provided contact information for the Of-fice of the Victims’ Rights Ombudsman of the Department of Justice.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(3), in the fifth sen-
tence, by inserting ‘‘, unless the litigants, with the approval of the court, have stipu-lated to a different time period for consider-ation’’ before the period; and 
(3) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘this chapter, the term’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘this chapter: 
‘‘(1) C
OURT OF APPEALS .—The term ‘court of 
appeals’ means— 
‘‘(A) the United States court of appeals for 
the judicial district in which a defendant is being prosecuted; or 
‘‘(B) for a prosecution in the Superior 
Court of the District of Columbia, the Dis-trict of Columbia Court of Appeals. 
‘‘(2) C
RIME VICTIM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(B) M INORS AND CERTAIN OTHER VICTIMS .— 
In the case’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
ISTRICT COURT ; COURT .—The terms 
‘district court’ and ‘court’ include the Supe-rior Court of the District of Columbia.’’. 
(b) C
RIME VICTIMS FUND.—Section 
1402(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601(d)(3)(A)(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘3771’’. 
(c) A
PPELLATE REVIEW OF PETITIONS RE-
LATING TO CRIME VICTIMS ’ RIGHTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 3771(d)(3) of title 
18, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (a)(2) of this section, is amended by inserting after the fifth sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘In deciding such application, the court of appeals shall apply ordinary stand-ards of appellate review.’’. 
(2) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by 
paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.021 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1502 March 12, 2015 
petition for a writ of mandamus filed under 
section 3771(d)(3) of title 18, United States Code, that is pending on the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 114. COMBAT HUMAN TRAFFICKING ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Combat Human Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OMMERCIAL SEX ACT ; SEVERE FORMS OF  
TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS ; STATE ; TASK  
FORCE .—The terms ‘‘commercial sex act’’, 
‘‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’’, ‘‘State’’, and ‘‘Task Force’’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
(2) C
OVERED OFFENDER .—The term ‘‘covered 
offender’’ means an individual who obtains, patronizes, or solicits a commercial sex act involving a person subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(3) C
OVERED OFFENSE .—The term ‘‘covered 
offense’’ means the provision, obtaining, pa-tronizing, or soliciting of a commercial sex act involving a person subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(4) F
EDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— 
The term ‘‘Federal law enforcement officer’’ has the meaning given the term in section 115 of title 18, United States Code. 
(5) L
OCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The 
term ‘‘local law enforcement officer’’ means any officer, agent, or employee of a unit of local government authorized by law or by a local government agency to engage in or su-pervise the prevention, detection, investiga-tion, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. 
(6) S
TATE LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The 
term ‘‘State law enforcement officer’’ means any officer, agent, or employee of a State au-thorized by law or by a State government agency to engage in or supervise the preven-tion, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. 
(c) D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE TRAINING AND  
POLICY FOR LAWENFORCEMENT OFFICERS , 
PROSECUTORS , ANDJUDGES .— 
(1) T RAINING .— 
(A) L AW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS .—The At-
torney General shall ensure that each anti- human trafficking program operated by the Department of Justice, including each anti- human trafficking training program for Fed-eral, State, or local law enforcement offi-cers, includes technical training on— 
(i) effective methods for investigating and 
prosecuting covered offenders; and 
(ii) facilitating the provision of physical 
and mental health services by health care providers to persons subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
(B) F
EDERAL PROSECUTORS .—The Attorney 
General shall ensure that each anti-human trafficking program operated by the Depart-ment of Justice for United States attorneys or other Federal prosecutors includes train-ing on seeking restitution for offenses under chapter 77 of title 18, United States Code, to ensure that each United States attorney or other Federal prosecutor, upon obtaining a conviction for such an offense, requests a specific amount of restitution for each vic-tim of the offense without regard to whether the victim requests restitution. 
(C) J
UDGES .—The Federal Judicial Center 
shall provide training to judges relating to the application of section 1593 of title 18, United States Code, with respect to ordering restitution for victims of offenses under chapter 77 of such title. 
(2) P
OLICY FOR FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT  
OFFICERS .—The Attorney General shall en-
sure that Federal law enforcement officers are engaged in activities, programs, or oper-ations involving the detection, investiga-tion, and prosecution of covered offenders. (d) M
INIMUM PERIOD OF SUPERVISED RE-
LEASE FOR CONSPIRACY TOCOMMIT COMMER -
CIAL CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING .—Section 
3583(k) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘1594(c),’’ after ‘‘1591,’’. 
(e) B
UREAU OF JUSTICE STATISTICS REPORT  
ONSTATE ENFORCEMENT OF HUMAN TRAF-
FICKING PROHIBITIONS .—The Director of the 
Bureau of Justice Statistics shall— 
(1) prepare an annual report on— (A) the rates of— (i) arrest of individuals by State law en-
forcement officers for a covered offense; 
(ii) prosecution (including specific charges) 
of individuals in State court systems for a covered offense; and 
(iii) conviction of individuals in State 
court systems for a covered offense; and 
(B) sentences imposed on individuals con-
victed in State court systems for a covered offense; and 
(2) submit the annual report prepared 
under paragraph (1) to— 
(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; 
(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(C) the Task Force; (D) the Senior Policy Operating Group es-
tablished under section 105(g) of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(g)); and 
(E) the Attorney General. 
SEC. 115. SURVIVORS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
EMPOWERMENT ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Survivors of Human Traf-ficking Empowerment Act’’. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
the United States Advisory Council on Human Trafficking (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Council’’), which shall provide advice and recommendations to the Senior Policy Operating Group established under section 105(g) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(g)) (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Group’’) and the President’s Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking established under section 105(a) of such Act (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Task Force’’). 
(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) C OMPOSITION .—The Council shall be 
composed of not less than 8 and not more than 14 individuals who are survivors of human trafficking. 
(2) R
EPRESENTATION OF SURVIVORS .—To the 
extent practicable, members of the Council shall be survivors of trafficking, who shall accurately reflect the diverse backgrounds of survivors of trafficking, including— 
(A) survivors of sex trafficking and sur-
vivors of labor trafficking; and 
(B) survivors who are United States citi-
zens and survivors who are aliens lawfully present in the United States. 
(3) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the President shall appoint the members of the Council. 
(4) T
ERM; REAPPOINTMENT .—Each member 
of the Council shall serve for a term of 2 years and may be reappointed by the Presi-dent to serve 1 additional 2-year term. 
(d) F
UNCTIONS .—The Council shall— 
(1) be a nongovernmental advisory body to 
the Group; 
(2) meet, at its own discretion or at the re-
quest of the Group, not less frequently than annually to review Federal Government pol-icy and programs intended to combat human trafficking, including programs relating to the provision of services for victims and serve as a point of contact for Federal agen-cies reaching out to human trafficking sur-vivors for input on programming and policies relating to human trafficking in the United States; (3) formulate assessments and rec-
ommendations to ensure that policy and pro-gramming efforts of the Federal Government conform, to the extent practicable, to the best practices in the field of human traf-ficking prevention; and 
(4) meet with the Group not less frequently 
than annually, and not later than 45 days be-fore a meeting with the Task Force, to for-mally present the findings and recommenda-tions of the Council. 
(e) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act and each year thereafter until the date described in subsection (h), the Council shall submit a re-port that contains the findings derived from the reviews conducted pursuant to sub-section (d)(2) to— 
(1) the chair of the Task Force; (2) the members of the Group; (3) the Committees on Foreign Affairs, 
Homeland Security, Appropriations, and the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and 
(4) the Committees on Foreign Relations, 
Appropriations, Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and the Judiciary of the Senate. 
(f) E
MPLOYEE STATUS .—Members of the 
Council— 
(1) shall not be considered employees of the 
Federal Government for any purpose; and 
(2) shall not receive compensation other 
than reimbursement of travel expenses and per diem allowance in accordance with sec-tion 5703 of title 5, United States Code. 
(g) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The 
Council shall not be subject to the require-ments under the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
(h) S
UNSET .—The Council shall terminate 
on September 30, 2020. 
SEC. 116. BRINGING MISSING CHILDREN HOME 
ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Bringing Missing Children Home Act’’. 
(b) C
RIME CONTROL ACTAMENDMENTS .—Sec-
tion 3702 of the Crime Control Act of 1990 (42 
U.S.C. 5780) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively; and 
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) a recent photograph of the child, if 
available;’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (4)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘60 days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 
days’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and a photograph taken 
during the previous 180 days’’ after ‘‘dental records’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(D) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); 
(E) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) notify the National Center for Missing 
and Exploited Children of each report re-ceived relating to a child reported missing from a foster care family home or childcare institution;’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated— (i) by inserting ‘‘State and local child wel-
fare systems and’’ before ‘‘the National Cen-ter for Missing and Exploited Children’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(G) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.021 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1503 March 12, 2015 
‘‘(E) grant permission to the National 
Crime Information Center Terminal Con-tractor for the State to update the missing person record in the National Crime Infor-mation Center computer networks with addi-tional information learned during the inves-tigation relating to the missing person.’’. 
SEC. 117. GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘covered grant’’ means a grant awarded by the Attorney General under section 203 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-thorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b), as amended by section 103. 
(b) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All covered grants 
shall be subject to the following account-ability provisions: 
(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Beginning in the first fis-
cal year beginning after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of a covered grant to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall determine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. 
(B) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means a finding in the final audit report of the In-spector General that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized ex-penditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. 
(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of 
a covered grant that is found to have an un-resolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive a covered grant during the following 2 fiscal years. 
(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding covered grants 
the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible entities that did not have an unre-solved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years prior to submitting an application for a cov-ered grant. 
(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is award-
ed a covered grant during the 2-fiscal-year period in which the entity is barred from re-ceiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— 
(i) deposit an amount equal to the grant 
funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treas-ury; and 
(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-
ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. 
(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(A) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this para-
graph and covered grants, the term ‘‘non-profit organization’’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. 
(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General 
may not award a covered grant to a non-profit organization that holds money in off-shore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-
tion that is awarded a covered grant and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presumption of reason-ableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the ap-plication for the grant, the process for deter-mining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensation, the com-parability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and deci-
sion. Upon request, the Attorney General shall make the information disclosed under this subsection available for public inspec-tion. 
(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— 
(A) L IMITATION .—No amounts transferred 
to the Department of Justice under this title, or the amendments made by this title, may be used by the Attorney General, or by any individual or organization awarded dis-cretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this title, or the amend-ments made by this title, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in Department funds, un-less the Deputy Attorney General or such Assistant Attorney Generals, Directors, or principal deputies as the Deputy Attorney General may designate, provides prior writ-ten authorization that the funds may be ex-pended to host a conference. 
(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval 
under subparagraph (A) shall include a writ-ten estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food and beverages, audiovisual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and any entertainment. 
(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General 
shall submit an annual report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all approved con-ference expenditures referenced in this para-graph. 
(D) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in 
the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this title, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives, an annual certification that— 
(i) all audits issued by the Office of the In-
spector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; 
(ii) all mandatory exclusions required 
under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; 
(iii) all reimbursements required under 
paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and 
(iv) includes a list of any grant recipients 
excluded under paragraph (1) from the pre-vious year. 
(4) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Amounts awarded under 
this title, or any amendments made by this title, may not be utilized by any grant re-cipient to— 
(i) lobby any representative of the Depart-
ment of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or 
(ii) lobby any representative of a Federal, 
State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. 
(B) P
ENALTY .—If the Attorney General de-
termines that any recipient of a covered grant has violated subparagraph (A), the At-torney General shall— 
(i) require the grant recipient to repay the 
grant in full; and 
(ii) prohibit the grant recipient from re-
ceiving another covered grant for not less than 5 years. 
TITLE II—COMBATING HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING 
Subtitle A—Enhancing Services for Runaway 
and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking 
SEC. 201. AMENDMENTS TO THE RUNAWAY AND 
HOMELESS YOUTH ACT. 
The Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 
U.S.C. 5701 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 343(b)(5) (42 U.S.C. 5714– 
23(b)(5))— (A) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘, se-
vere forms of trafficking in persons (as de-fined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), and sex trafficking (as defined in section 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’ before the semicolon at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by inserting ‘‘, se-
vere forms of trafficking in persons (as de-fined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), or sex trafficking (as defined in sec-tion 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’ after ‘‘assault’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C) by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding such youth who are victims of traf-ficking (as defined in section 103(15) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(15)))’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(2) in section 351(a) (42 U.S.C. 5714–41(a)) by 
striking ‘‘or sexual exploitation’’ and insert-ing ‘‘sexual exploitation, severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), or sex traf-ficking (as defined in section 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’. 
Subtitle B—Improving the Response to 
Victims of Child Sex Trafficking 
SEC. 211. RESPONSE TO VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX 
TRAFFICKING. 
Section 404(b)(1)(P)(iii) of the Missing Chil-
dren’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5773(b)(1)(P)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘child prostitution’’ and inserting ‘‘child sex trafficking, including child prostitution’’. 
Subtitle C—Interagency Task Force to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking 
SEC. 221. VICTIM OF TRAFFICKING DEFINED. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘victim of traf-
ficking’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
SEC. 222. INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE REPORT ON 
CHILD TRAFFICKING PRIMARY PRE-VENTION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Interagency Task Force 
to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, estab-lished under section 105 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103), shall conduct a review that, with re-gard to trafficking in persons in the United States— 
(1) in consultation with nongovernmental 
organizations that the Task Force deter-mines appropriate, surveys and catalogs the activities of the Federal Government and State governments— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking; 
(2) surveys academic literature on— (A) deterring individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; 
(B) preventing children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking; 
(C) the commercial sexual exploitation of 
children; and 
(D) other similar topics that the Task 
Force determines to be appropriate; 
(3) identifies best practices and effective 
strategies— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking; and 
(4) identifies current gaps in research and 
data that would be helpful in formulating ef-fective strategies— 
(A) to deter individuals from committing 
trafficking offenses; and 
(B) to prevent children from becoming vic-
tims of trafficking. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.021 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1504 March 12, 2015 
Interagency Task Force to Monitor and 
Combat Trafficking shall provide to Con-gress, and make publicly available in elec-tronic format, a report on the review con-ducted pursuant to subparagraph (a). 
SEC. 223. GAO REPORT ON INTERVENTION. 
On the date that is 1 year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress that includes information on— 
(1) the efforts of Federal and select State 
law enforcement agencies to combat human trafficking in the United States; and 
(2) each Federal grant program, a purpose 
of which is to combat human trafficking or assist victims of trafficking, as specified in an authorizing statute or in a guidance docu-ment issued by the agency carrying out the grant program. 
SEC. 224. PROVISION OF HOUSING PERMITTED 
TO PROTECT AND ASSIST IN THE RE-COVERY OF VICTIMS OF TRAF-FICKING. 
Section 107(b)(2)(A) of the Trafficking Vic-
tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding programs that provide housing to victims of trafficking’’ before the period at the end. 
TITLE III—HERO ACT 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Human Ex-
ploitation Rescue Operations Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘HERO Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 302. HERO ACT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The illegal market for the production 
and distribution of child abuse imagery is a growing threat to children in the United States. International demand for this mate-rial creates a powerful incentive for the rape, abuse, and torture of children within the United States. 
(2) The targeting of United States children 
by international criminal networks is a threat to the homeland security of the United States. This threat must be fought with trained personnel and highly specialized counter-child-exploitation strategies and technologies. 
(3) The United States Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement of the Department of Homeland Security serves a critical national security role in protecting the United States from the growing international threat of child exploitation and human trafficking. 
(4) The Cyber Crimes Center of the United 
States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment is a vital national resource in the ef-fort to combat international child exploi-tation, providing advanced expertise and as-sistance in investigations, computer forensics, and victim identification. 
(5) The returning military heroes of the 
United States possess unique and valuable skills that can assist law enforcement in combating global sexual and child exploi-tation, and the Department of Homeland Se-curity should use this national resource to the maximum extent possible. 
(6) Through the Human Exploitation Res-
cue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program, the returning military heroes of the United States are trained and hired to investigate crimes of child exploitation in order to target predators and rescue children from sexual abuse and slavery. 
(b) C
YBER CRIMES CENTER , CHILD EXPLOI -
TATION INVESTIGATIONS UNIT, AND COMPUTER  
FORENSICS UNIT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle H of title VIII of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 451 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 890A. CYBER CRIMES CENTER, CHILD EX-
PLOITATION INVESTIGATIONS UNIT, COMPUTER FORENSICS UNIT, AND CYBER CRIMES UNIT. 
‘‘(a) C YBER CRIMES CENTER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement, a Cyber Crimes Cen-ter (referred to in this section as the ‘Cen-ter’). 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Center 
shall be to provide investigative assistance, training, and equipment to support United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment’s domestic and international investiga-tions of cyber-related crimes. 
‘‘(b) C
HILD EXPLOITATION INVESTIGATIONS  
UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within the Center, a Child Exploi-tation Investigations Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CEIU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CEIU— 
‘‘(A) shall coordinate all United States Im-
migration and Customs Enforcement child exploitation initiatives, including investiga-tions into— 
‘‘(i) child exploitation; ‘‘(ii) child pornography; ‘‘(iii) child victim identification; ‘‘(iv) traveling child sex offenders; and ‘‘(v) forced child labor, including the sex-
ual exploitation of minors; 
‘‘(B) shall, among other things, focus on— ‘‘(i) child exploitation prevention; ‘‘(ii) investigative capacity building; ‘‘(iii) enforcement operations; and ‘‘(iv) training for Federal, State, local, 
tribal, and foreign law enforcement agency personnel, upon request; 
‘‘(C) shall provide training, technical ex-
pertise, support, or coordination of child ex-ploitation investigations, as needed, to co-operating law enforcement agencies and per-sonnel; 
‘‘(D) shall provide psychological support 
and counseling services for United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement per-sonnel engaged in child exploitation preven-tion initiatives, including making available other existing services to assist employees who are exposed to child exploitation mate-rial during investigations; 
‘‘(E) is authorized to collaborate with the 
Department of Defense and the National As-sociation to Protect Children for the purpose of the recruiting, training, equipping and hiring of wounded, ill, and injured veterans and transitioning service members, through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program; and 
‘‘(F) shall collaborate with other govern-
mental, nongovernmental, and nonprofit en-tities approved by the Secretary for the sponsorship of, and participation in, out-reach and training activities. 
‘‘(3) D
ATA COLLECTION .—The CEIU shall col-
lect and maintain data concerning— 
‘‘(A) the total number of suspects identi-
fied by United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement; 
‘‘(B) the number of arrests by United 
States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, disaggregated by type, including— 
‘‘(i) the number of victims identified 
through investigations carried out by United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment; and 
‘‘(ii) the number of suspects arrested who 
were in positions of trust or authority over children; 
‘‘(C) the number of cases opened for inves-
tigation by United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
‘‘(D) the number of cases resulting in a 
Federal, State, foreign, or military prosecu-tion. ‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF DATA TO CONGRESS .— 
In addition to submitting the reports re-quired under paragraph (7), the CEIU shall make the data collected and maintained under paragraph (3) available to the commit-tees of Congress described in paragraph (7). 
‘‘(5) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CEIU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(6) A
CCEPTANCE OF GIFTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to accept monies and in-kind donations from the Virtual Global Taskforce, national laboratories, Federal agencies, not-for-profit organizations, and educational institutions to create and expand public awareness cam-paigns in support of the functions of the CEIU. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Gifts authorized under sub-
paragraph (A) shall not be subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation for competi-tion when the services provided by the enti-ties referred to in such subparagraph are do-nated or of minimal cost to the Department. 
‘‘(7) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of the HERO Act of 2015, and annually for the following 4 years, the CEIU shall— 
‘‘(A) submit a report containing a sum-
mary of the data collected pursuant to para-graph (3) during the previous year to— 
‘‘(i) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
‘‘(ii) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
‘‘(iii) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
‘‘(iv) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(v) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(vi) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(B) make a copy of each report submitted 
under subparagraph (A) publicly available on the website of the Department. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPUTER FORENSICS UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within the Center, a Computer Forensics Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CFU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CFU— 
‘‘(A) shall provide training and technical 
support in digital forensics to— 
‘‘(i) United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement personnel; and 
‘‘(ii) Federal, State, local, tribal, military, 
and foreign law enforcement agency per-sonnel engaged in the investigation of crimes within their respective jurisdictions, upon request and subject to the availability of funds; 
‘‘(B) shall provide computer hardware, 
software, and forensic licenses for all com-puter forensics personnel within United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment; 
‘‘(C) shall participate in research and de-
velopment in the area of digital forensics, in coordination with appropriate components of the Department; and 
‘‘(D) is authorized to collaborate with the 
Department of Defense and the National As-sociation to Protect Children for the purpose of recruiting, training, equipping, and hiring wounded, ill, and injured veterans and transitioning service members, through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program. 
‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CFU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) A
CCEPTANCE OF GIFTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to accept monies and in-kind donations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.021 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1505 March 12, 2015 
from the Virtual Global Task Force, na-
tional laboratories, Federal agencies, not- for-profit organizations, and educational in-stitutions to create and expand public aware-ness campaigns in support of the functions of the CFU. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Gifts authorized under sub-
paragraph (A) shall not be subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation for competi-tion when the services provided by the enti-ties referred to in such subparagraph are do-nated or of minimal cost to the Department. 
‘‘(d) C
YBER CRIMES UNIT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall op-
erate, within the Center, a Cyber Crimes Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CCU’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The CCU— 
‘‘(A) shall oversee the cyber security strat-
egy and cyber-related operations and pro-grams for United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement; 
‘‘(B) shall enhance United States Immigra-
tion and Customs Enforcement’s ability to combat criminal enterprises operating on or through the Internet, with specific focus in the areas of— 
‘‘(i) cyber economic crime; ‘‘(ii) digital theft of intellectual property; ‘‘(iii) illicit e-commerce (including hidden 
marketplaces); 
‘‘(iv) Internet-facilitated proliferation of 
arms and strategic technology; and 
‘‘(v) cyber-enabled smuggling and money 
laundering; 
‘‘(C) shall provide training and technical 
support in cyber investigations to— 
‘‘(i) United States Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement personnel; and 
‘‘(ii) Federal, State, local, tribal, military, 
and foreign law enforcement agency per-sonnel engaged in the investigation of crimes within their respective jurisdictions, upon request and subject to the availability of funds; 
‘‘(D) shall participate in research and de-
velopment in the area of cyber investiga-tions, in coordination with appropriate com-ponents of the Department; and 
‘‘(E) is authorized to recruit participants 
of the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program for in-vestigative and forensic positions in support of the functions of the CCU. 
‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The CCU 
is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments to accomplish the functions set forth in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as are necessary to carry out this section.’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 note) is amended by adding after the item relating to section 890 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 890A. Cyber crimes center, child ex-
ploitation investigations unit, computer forensics unit, and cyber crimes unit.’’. 
(c) HERO C
ORPS HIRING .—It is the sense of 
Congress that Homeland Security Investiga-tions of the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement should hire, recruit, train, and equip wounded, ill, or injured mili-tary veterans (as defined in section 101, title 38, United States Code) who are affiliated with the HERO Child Rescue Corps program for investigative, intelligence, analyst, and forensic positions. 
(d) I
NVESTIGATING CHILD EXPLOITATION .— 
Section 307(b)(3) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 187(b)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) conduct research and development for 
the purpose of advancing technology for the investigation of child exploitation crimes, including child victim identification, traf-ficking in persons, and child pornography, and for advanced forensics.’’. 
TITLE IV—RUNAWAY AND HOMELESS 
YOUTH AND TRAFFICKING PREVENTION ACT 
SEC. 401. RUNAWAY AND HOMELESS YOUTH AND 
TRAFFICKING PREVENTION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Except as otherwise spe-
cifically provided, whenever in this section an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a provision, the amendment or repeal shall be considered to be made to a provision of the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.). 
(c) F
INDINGS .—Section 302 (42 U.S.C. 5701) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘age, gen-
der, and culturally and’’ before ‘‘linguis-tically appropriate’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘outside 
the welfare system and the law enforcement system’’ and inserting ‘‘, in collaboration with public assistance systems, the law en-forcement system, and the child welfare sys-tem’’; 
(3) in paragraph (5)— (A) by inserting ‘‘a safe place to live and’’ 
after ‘‘youth need’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (4) in paragraph (6), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) runaway and homeless youth are at a 
high risk of becoming victims of sexual ex-ploitation and trafficking in persons.’’. 
(d) B
ASIC CENTER GRANT PROGRAM .— 
(1) G RANTS FOR CENTERS AND SERVICES .— 
Section 311(a) (42 U.S.C. 5711(a)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘services’’ 
and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘safe shelter and services, includ-ing trauma-informed services, for runaway and homeless youth and, if appropriate, serv-ices for the families of such youth, including (if appropriate) individuals identified by such youth as family.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘men-
tal health,’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘21 days; and’’ 
and inserting ‘‘30 days;’’; 
(II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘age, gender, and cul-
turally and linguistically appropriate to the extent practicable’’ before ‘‘individual’’; 
(bb) by inserting ‘‘, as appropriate,’’ after 
‘‘group’’; and 
(cc) by striking ‘‘as appropriate’’ and in-
serting ‘‘including (if appropriate) coun-seling for individuals identified by such youth as family’’; and 
(III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) suicide prevention services; and’’; 
and 
(iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘age, gender, 
and culturally and linguistically appropriate to the extent practicable’’ before ‘‘home- based services’’; 
(II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(III) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘diseases.’’ 
and inserting ‘‘infections;’’; and 
(IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) trauma-informed and gender-respon-
sive services for runaway or homeless youth, including such youth who are victims of traf-
ficking in persons or sexual exploitation; and 
‘‘(vi) an assessment of family engagement 
in support and reunification (if reunification is appropriate), interventions, and services for parents or legal guardians of such youth, or (if appropriate) individuals identified by such youth as family.’’. 
(2) E
LIGIBILITY ; PLAN REQUIREMENTS .—Sec-
tion 312 (42 U.S.C. 5712) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘, or (if 
appropriate) individuals identified by such youth as family,’’ after ‘‘parents or legal guardians’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘cultural 
minority and persons with limited ability to speak English’’ and inserting ‘‘cultural mi-nority, persons with limited ability to speak English, and runaway or homeless youth who are victims of trafficking in persons or sex-
ual exploitation’’; 
(iii) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(7) shall keep adequate statistical records 
profiling the youth and family members of such youth whom the applicant serves, in-cluding demographic information on and the number of— 
‘‘(A) such youth who are not referred to 
out-of-home shelter services; 
‘‘(B) such youth who are members of vul-
nerable or underserved populations; 
‘‘(C) such youth who are victims of traf-
ficking in persons or sexual exploitation, disaggregated by— 
‘‘(i) such youth who have been coerced or 
forced into a commercial sex act, as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102); 
‘‘(ii) such youth who have been coerced or 
forced into other forms of labor; and 
‘‘(iii) such youth who have engaged in a 
commercial sex act, as so defined, for any reason other than by coercion or force; 
‘‘(D) such youth who are pregnant or par-
enting; 
‘‘(E) such youth who have been involved in 
the child welfare system; and 
‘‘(F) such youth who have been involved in 
the juvenile justice system;’’; 
(iv) by redesignating paragraphs (8) 
through (13) as paragraphs (9) through (14); 
(v) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) the records described in paragraph (7), 
on an individual runaway or homeless youth, shall not be disclosed without the consent of the individual youth and of the parent or legal guardian of such youth or (if appro-priate) an individual identified by such youth as family, to anyone other than an-other agency compiling statistical records or a government agency involved in the disposi-tion of criminal charges against an indi-vidual runaway or homeless youth; and 
‘‘(B) reports or other documents based on 
the statistics described in paragraph (7) shall not disclose the identity of any individual runaway or homeless youth;’’; 
(vi) in paragraph (9), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘statistical summaries’’ and insert-ing ‘‘statistics’’; 
(vii) in paragraph (13)(C), as so redesig-
nated— 
(I) by striking clause (i) and inserting: ‘‘(i) the number and characteristics of run-
away and homeless youth, and youth at risk of family separation, who participate in the project, including such information on— 
‘‘(I) such youth (including both types of 
such participating youth) who are victims of trafficking in persons or sexual exploitation, disaggregated by— 
‘‘(aa) such youth who have been coerced or 
forced into a commercial sex act, as defined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.021 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1506 March 12, 2015 
in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-
tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102); 
‘‘(bb) such youth who have been coerced or 
forced into other forms of labor; and 
‘‘(cc) such youth who have engaged in a 
commercial sex act, as so defined, for any reason other than by coercion or force; 
‘‘(II) such youth who are pregnant or par-
enting; 
‘‘(III) such youth who have been involved 
in the child welfare system; and 
‘‘(IV) such youth who have been involved 
in the juvenile justice system; and’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(viii) in paragraph (14), as so redesignated, 
by striking the period and inserting ‘‘for nat-ural disasters, inclement weather, and men-tal health emergencies;’’; and 
(ix) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) shall provide age, gender, and cul-
turally and linguistically appropriate serv-ices to the extent practicable to runaway and homeless youth; and 
‘‘(16) shall assist youth in completing the 
Free Application for Federal Student Aid de-scribed in section 483 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1090).’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by inserting ‘‘age, gender, and cul-
turally and linguistically appropriate to the extent practicable’’ after ‘‘provide’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘families (including unre-
lated individuals in the family households) of such youth’’ and inserting ‘‘families of such youth (including unrelated individuals in the family households of such youth and, if appropriate, individuals identified by such youth as family)’’; and 
(III) by inserting ‘‘suicide prevention,’’ 
after ‘‘physical health care,’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing training on trauma-informed and youth- centered care’’ after ‘‘home-based services’’. 
(3) A
PPROVAL OF APPLICATIONS .—Section 
313(b) (42 U.S.C. 5713(b)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘priority to’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘who’’ and inserting ‘‘pri-ority to eligible applicants who’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (2). 
(e) T
RANSITIONAL LIVING GRANT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 322(a) (42 U.S.C. 5714–2(a)) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘age, gender, and cul-
turally and linguistically appropriate to the extent practicable’’ before ‘‘information and counseling services’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘job attainment skills, and 
mental and physical health care’’ and insert-ing ‘‘job attainment skills, mental and phys-ical health care, and suicide prevention serv-ices’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(8) and (9) through (16) as paragraphs (5) through (10) and (12) through (19), respec-tively; 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) to provide counseling to homeless 
youth and to encourage, if appropriate, the involvement in such counseling of their par-ents or legal guardians, or (if appropriate) individuals identified by such youth as fam-ily; 
‘‘(4) to provide aftercare services, if pos-
sible, to homeless youth who have received shelter and services from a transitional liv-ing youth project, including (to the extent practicable) such youth who, after receiving such shelter and services, relocate to a State other than the State in which such project is located;’’; 
(4) in paragraph (9), as so redesignated— (A) by inserting ‘‘age, gender, and cul-
turally and linguistically appropriate to the extent practicable’’ after ‘‘referral of home-less youth to’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘and health care programs’’ 
and inserting ‘‘mental health service and health care programs, including programs providing wrap-around services to victims of trafficking in persons or sexual exploi-tation,’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘such services for youths;’’ 
and inserting ‘‘such programs described in this paragraph;’’; 
(5) by inserting after paragraph (10), as so 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(11) to develop a plan to provide age, gen-
der, and culturally and linguistically appro-priate services to the extent practicable that address the needs of homeless and street youth;’’; 
(6) in paragraph (12), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘the applicant and statistical’’ through ‘‘who participate in such project,’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicant, statistical summaries describing the number, the char-acteristics, and the demographic informa-tion of the homeless youth who participate in such project, including the prevalence of trafficking in persons and sexual exploi-tation of such youth,’’; and 
(7) in paragraph (19), as so redesignated, by 
inserting ‘‘regarding responses to natural disasters, inclement weather, and mental health emergencies’’ after ‘‘management plan’’. 
(f) C
OORDINATING , TRAINING , RESEARCH , AND 
OTHER ACTIVITIES .— 
(1) C OORDINATION .—Section 341 (42 U.S.C. 
5714–21) is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘safety, well-being,’’ after ‘‘health,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘other 
Federal entities’’ and inserting ‘‘the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, the Department of Education, the Depart-ment of Labor, and the Department of Jus-tice’’. 
(2) G
RANTS FOR TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND  
TRAINING .—Section 342 (42 U.S.C. 5714–22) is 
amended by inserting ‘‘, including onsite and web-based techniques, such as on-demand and online learning,’’ before ‘‘to public and private entities’’. 
(3) G
RANTS FOR RESEARCH , EVALUATION , 
DEMONSTRATION , AND SERVICE PROJECTS .— 
Section 343 (42 U.S.C. 5714–23) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (5)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘vio-
lence, trauma, and’’ before ‘‘sexual abuse and assault’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sex-
ual abuse and assault; and’’ and inserting ‘‘sexual abuse or assault, trafficking in per-sons, or sexual exploitation;’’; 
(III) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘who 
have been sexually victimized’’ and inserting ‘‘who are victims of sexual abuse or assault, trafficking in persons, or sexual exploi-tation’’; and 
(IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) best practices for identifying and pro-
viding age, gender, and culturally and lin-guistically appropriate services to the extent practicable to— 
‘‘(i) vulnerable and underserved youth pop-
ulations; and 
‘‘(ii) youth who are victims of trafficking 
in persons or sexual exploitation; and 
‘‘(E) verifying youth as runaway or home-
less to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid described in section 483 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1090);’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; (iii) in paragraph (10), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) examining the intersection between 
the runaway and homeless youth populations and trafficking in persons, including noting whether such youth who are victims of traf-ficking in persons were previously involved in the child welfare or juvenile justice sys-tems.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)(2)(B), by inserting ‘‘, 
including such youth who are victims of traf-ficking in persons or sexual exploitation’’ after ‘‘runaway or homeless youth’’. 
(4) P
ERIODIC ESTIMATE OF INCIDENCE AND  
PREVALENCE OF YOUTH HOMELESSNESS .—Sec-
tion 345 (42 U.S.C. 5714–25) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘13’’ and inserting ‘‘12’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) that includes demographic informa-
tion about and characteristics of runaway or homeless youth, including such youth who are victims of trafficking in persons or sex-ual exploitation; and 
‘‘(4) that does not disclose the identity of 
any runaway or homeless youth.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘13’’ and inserting ‘‘12’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(iii) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); 
(iv) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) incidences, if any, of— ‘‘(i) such individuals who are victims of 
trafficking in persons; or 
‘‘(ii) such individuals who are victims of 
sexual exploitation; and’’; and 
(v) in subparagraph (C), as so redesig-
nated— 
(I) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting ‘‘, including mental health serv-ices;’’; and 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) access to education and job training; 
and’’. 
(g) S
EXUAL ABUSE PREVENTION PROGRAM .— 
Section 351 (42 U.S.C. 5714–41) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘public and’’ before ‘‘non-
profit’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘prostitution, or sexual ex-
ploitation.’’ and inserting ‘‘violence, traf-ficking in persons, or sexual exploitation.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .—To be eli-
gible to receive a grant under subsection (a), an applicant shall certify to the Secretary that such applicant has systems in place to 
ensure that such applicant can provide age, gender, and culturally and linguistically ap-propriate services to the extent practicable to all youth described in subsection (a).’’. 
(h) G
ENERAL PROVISIONS .— 
(1) R EPORTS .—Section 382(a) (42 U.S.C. 
5715(a)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) 
through (D) as subparagraphs (C) through (E), respectively; and 
(ii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) collecting data on trafficking in per-
sons and sexual exploitation of runaway and homeless youth;’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-
ing the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.021 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1507 March 12, 2015 
‘‘(A) the number and characteristics of 
homeless youth served by such projects, in-cluding— 
‘‘(i) such youth who are victims of traf-
ficking in persons or sexual exploitation; 
‘‘(ii) such youth who are pregnant or par-
enting; 
‘‘(iii) such youth who have been involved in 
the child welfare system; and 
‘‘(iv) such youth who have been involved in 
the juvenile justice system;’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking 
‘‘intrafamily problems’’ and inserting ‘‘prob-lems within the family, including (if appro-priate) individuals identified by such youth as family,’’. 
(2) N
ONDISCRIMINATION .—Part F is amended 
by inserting after section 386A (42 U.S.C. 5732–1) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 386B. NONDISCRIMINATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—No person in the United 
States shall, on the basis of actual or per-ceived race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity (as defined in section 249(c)(4) of title 18, United States Code), sex-ual orientation, or disability, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any program or activity funded in whole or in part with funds made available under this title, or any other program or activity fund-ed in whole or in part with amounts appro-priated for grants, cooperative agreements, or other assistance administered under this title. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—If sex segregation or sex- 
specific programming is necessary to the es-sential operation of a program, nothing in this section shall prevent any such program or activity from consideration of an individ-ual’s sex. In such circumstances, grantees may meet the requirements of this section by providing comparable services to individ-uals who cannot be provided with the sex- segregated or sex-specific programming. 
‘‘(c) D
ISQUALIFICATION .—The authority of 
the Secretary to enforce this section shall be the same as that provided for with respect to section 654 of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9849). 
‘‘(d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed, interpreted, or ap-plied to supplant, displace, preempt, or oth-erwise limit the responsibilities and liabil-ities under other Federal or State civil rights laws.’’. 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 387 (42 U.S.C. 
5732a) is amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) 
through (6), and paragraphs (7) and (8), as paragraphs (2) through (7), and paragraphs (9) and (10), respectively; 
(B) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(1) C
ULTURALLY AND LINGUISTICALLY AP -
PROPRIATE .—The term ‘culturally and lin-
guistically appropriate’, with respect to services, has the meaning given the term ‘culturally and linguistically appropriate services’ in the ‘National Standards for Cul-turally and Linguistically Appropriate Serv-ices in Health and Health Care’, issued in April 2013, by the Office of Minority Health of the Department of Health and Human Services.’’; 
(C) in paragraph (6)(B)(v), as so redesig-
nated— 
(i) by redesignating subclauses (II) through 
(IV) as subclauses (III) through (V), respec-tively; 
(ii) by inserting after subclause (I), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(II) trafficking in persons;’’; (iii) in subclause (IV), as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘diseases’’ and inserting 
‘‘infections’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iv) in subclause (V), as so redesignated, by 
striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(VI) suicide.’’; (D) in paragraph (7)(B), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘prostitution,’’ and inserting ‘‘trafficking in persons,’’; 
(E) by inserting after paragraph (7), as so 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(8) T
RAFFICKING IN PERSONS .—The term 
‘trafficking in persons’ has the meaning given the term ‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’ in section 103 of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’; 
(F) in paragraph (9), as so redesignated— (i) by inserting ‘‘to homeless youth’’ after 
‘‘provides’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, to establish a stable 
family or community supports,’’ after ‘‘self- sufficient living’’; and 
(G) in paragraph (10)(B), as so redesig-
nated— 
(i) in clause (ii)— (I) by inserting ‘‘or able’’ after ‘‘willing’’; 
and 
(II) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (iii), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) who is involved in the child welfare or 
juvenile justice system, but who is not re-ceiving government-funded housing.’’. 
(4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 388(a) (42 U.S.C. 5751(a)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2009,’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘such 
sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013.’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2009’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 
402. R ESPONSE TO MISSING CHILDREN AND  
VICTIMS OF CHILD SEXTRAFFICKING .— 
(a) M ISSING CHILDREN ’SASSISTANCE ACT.— 
Section 404(b)(1)(P)(iii) of the Missing Chil-dren’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5773(b)(1)(P)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘child prostitution’’ and inserting ‘‘child sex trafficking’’. 
(b) C
RIME CONTROL ACT OF 1990.—Section 
3702 of the Crime Control Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 5780) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively; and 
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) a recent photograph of the child, if 
available;’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘60 
days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 days’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by inserting ‘‘State and local child wel-
fare systems and’’ before ‘‘the National Cen-ter for Missing and Exploited Children’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) grant permission to the National 
Crime Information Center Terminal Con-tractor for the State to update the missing person record in the National Crime Infor-mation Center computer networks with addi-tional information learned during the inves-
tigation relating to the missing person.’’. 
TITLE V—STOP EXPLOITATION THROUGH 
TRAFFICKING ACT 
SEC. 501. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Ex-
ploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 502. SAFE HARBOR INCENTIVES. 
Part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 1701(c), by striking ‘‘where 
feasible’’ and all that follows, and inserting the following: ‘‘where feasible, to an applica-tion— 
‘‘(1) for hiring and rehiring additional ca-
reer law enforcement officers that involves a non-Federal contribution exceeding the 25 percent minimum under subsection (g); or 
‘‘(2) from an applicant in a State that has 
in effect a law that— 
‘‘(A) treats a minor who has engaged in, or 
has attempted to engage in, a commercial sex act as a victim of a severe form of traf-ficking in persons; 
‘‘(B) discourages or prohibits the charging 
or prosecution of an individual described in subparagraph (A) for a prostitution or sex trafficking offense, based on the conduct de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) encourages the diversion of an indi-
vidual described in subparagraph (A) to ap-propriate service providers, including child welfare services, victim treatment programs, child advocacy centers, rape crisis centers, or other social services.’’; and 
(2) in section 1709, by inserting at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(5) ‘commercial sex act’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
‘‘(6) ‘minor’ means an individual who has 
not attained the age of 18 years. 
‘‘(7) ‘severe form of trafficking in persons’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Vio-lence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. 
SEC. 503. REPORT ON RESTITUTION PAID IN CON-
NECTION WITH CERTAIN TRAF-FICKING OFFENSES. 
Section 105(d)(7)(Q) of the Victims of Traf-
ficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)(Q)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting after ‘‘1590,’’ the following: 
‘‘1591,’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and 1594’’ and inserting 
‘‘1594, 2251, 2251A, 2421, 2422, and 2423’’; 
(3) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(4) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(5) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(vi) the number of individuals required by 
a court order to pay restitution in connec-tion with a violation of each offense under title 18, United States Code, the amount of restitution required to be paid under each such order, and the amount of restitution ac-tually paid pursuant to each such order; and 
‘‘(vii) the age, gender, race, country of ori-
gin, country of citizenship, and description of the role in the offense of individuals con-victed under each offense; and’’. 
SEC. 504. NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOT-
LINE. 
Section 107(b)(1)(B) of the Victims of Crime 
Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(B)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Subject’’ and inserting ‘‘(i) 
I
N GENERAL .—Subject’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) N
ATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOT -
LINE.—Beginning in fiscal year 2017 and each 
fiscal year thereafter, of amounts made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.021 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1508 March 12, 2015 
available for grants under paragraph (2), the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services shall make grants for a national communica-tion system to assist victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons in communicating with service providers. The Secretary shall give priority to grant applicants that have experience in providing telephone services to victims of severe forms of trafficking in per-sons.’’. 
SEC. 505. JOB CORPS ELIGIBILITY. 
Section 144(a)(3) of the Workforce Innova-
tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3194(a)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) A victim of a severe form of traf-
ficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)). Not-withstanding paragraph (2), an individual de-
scribed in this subparagraph shall not be re-quired to demonstrate eligibility under such paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 506. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF THE 
UNITED STATES MARSHALS SERV-ICE. 
Section 566(e)(1) of title 28, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (C), the 
following: 
‘‘(D) assist State, local, and other Federal 
law enforcement agencies, upon the request of such an agency, in locating and recovering missing children.’’. 
SEC. 507. ESTABLISHING A NATIONAL STRATEGY 
TO COMBAT HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall implement and maintain a National Strategy for Combating Human Trafficking (referred to in this section as the ‘‘National Strategy’’) in accordance with this section. 
(b) R
EQUIRED CONTENTS OF NATIONAL  
STRATEGY .—The National Strategy shall in-
clude the following: 
(1) Integrated Federal, State, local, and 
tribal efforts to investigate and prosecute human trafficking cases, including— 
(A) the development by each United States 
attorney, in consultation with State, local, and tribal government agencies, of a dis-trict-specific strategic plan to coordinate the identification of victims and the inves-tigation and prosecution of human traf-ficking crimes; 
(B) the appointment of not fewer than 1 as-
sistant United States attorney in each dis-trict dedicated to the prosecution of human trafficking cases or responsible for imple-menting the National Strategy; 
(C) the participation in any Federal, State, 
local, or tribal human trafficking task force operating in the district of the United States attorney; and 
(D) any other efforts intended to enhance 
the level of coordination and cooperation, as determined by the Attorney General. 
(2) Case coordination within the Depart-
ment of Justice, including specific integra-tion, coordination, and collaboration, as ap-propriate, on human trafficking investiga-tions between and among the United States attorneys, the Human Trafficking Prosecu-tion Unit, the Child Exploitation and Ob-scenity Section, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
(3) Annual budget priorities and Federal ef-
forts dedicated to preventing and combating human trafficking, including resources dedi-cated to the Human Trafficking Prosecution Unit, the Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and all other entities that receive Federal support that have a goal or mission to com-bat the exploitation of adults and children. (4) An ongoing assessment of the future 
trends, challenges, and opportunities, includ-ing new investigative strategies, techniques, and technologies, that will enhance Federal, State, local, and tribal efforts to combat human trafficking. 
(5) Encouragement of cooperation, coordi-
nation, and mutual support between private sector and other entities and organizations and Federal agencies to combat human traf-ficking, including the involvement of State, local, and tribal government agencies to the extent Federal programs are involved. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 12, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 12, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a Subcommittee hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Presi-dent’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 12, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 12, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Taxpayers from Schemes and Scams During the 2015 Tax Filing Season.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 12, 2015, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Visa Waiver Pro-gram: Implications for U.S. National Security.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it so ordered. SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 12, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 12, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it so ordered. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Special Committee on Aging be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 12, 2015, at 10:30 a.m., in room SD–562 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Bridging the Gap: How Prepared are Americans for Retirement.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that on Mon-day, March 16, 2015, at 5 p.m., the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations: Cal-endar No. 17 and Calendar No. 18; that there be 30 minutes for debate equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote without intervening action or debate on the nominations in the order listed; that following disposition of the nominations, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements re-lated to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD , the President be imme-
diately notified of the Senate’s actions, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations: Cal-endar No. 3 and Calendar No. 4; that the nominations be confirmed, the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate; that no fur-ther motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD , the President 
be immediately notified of the Senate’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MR6.021 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1509 March 12, 2015 
actions, and the Senate then resume 
legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed are as follows: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
Michael Greco, of New York, to be United 
States Marshal for the Southern District of New York for the term of four years. 
Ronald Lee Miller, of Kansas, to be United 
States Marshal for the District of Kansas for the term of four years. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF GEORGIA JONES-AYERS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 85. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 85) honoring the life 
and legacy of Georgia Jones-Ayers. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 85) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of February 25, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) AUTHORIZING USE OF EMANCI-
PATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Rules Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Con. Res. 7 and the Senate proceed to its consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the concurrent 
resolution by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 7) au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the World War II members of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the con-current resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (S. Con. 
Res. 7) was agreed to. 
(The concurrent resolution is printed 
in the R
ECORD of March 3, 2015, under 
‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MARCH 16, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, March 16; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for up to 1 hour, with 
Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; finally, that following morning business, the Senate resume consideration of S. 178. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
Senators should expect a rollcall vote at 5:30 p.m. on Monday on confirmation of the Assistant Secretary of Transpor-tation. I filed cloture on the traf-ficking bill earlier today, and that vote will occur on Tuesday morning under the regular order. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
MARCH 16, 2015, AT 3 P.M. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:01 p.m., adjourned until Monday, March 16, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate March 12, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
MICHAEL GRECO, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES 
MARSHAL FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
RONALD LEE MILLER, OF KANSAS, TO BE UNITED 
STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF KANSAS FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD  
THO DINH–ZARR, OF TEXAS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE 
NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2018. 
CHRISTOPHER A. HART, OF COLORADO, TO BE CHAIR-
MAN OF THE NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G12MR6.065 S12MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
D267 Thursday, March 12, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1451–S1509. 
Measures Introduced: Sixteen bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 723–738, and S. Res. 100–101.
                                               Pages S1494–95 
Measures Passed: 
Honoring the Life and Legacy of Georgia Jones- 
Ayers: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged 
from further consideration of S. Res. 85, honoring the life and legacy of Georgia Jones-Ayers, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                            Page S1509 
Authorizing the Use of Emancipation Hall: 
Committee on Rules and Administration was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Con. Res. 7, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the World War II members of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                            Page S1509 
Measures Considered: 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act—Agree-
ment: Senate continued consideration of S. 178, to 
provide justice for the victims of trafficking, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto:
                            Pages S1456–70, S1474–75 
Pending: 
Portman Amendment No. 270, to amend the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to en-able State child protective services systems to im-prove the identification and assessment of child vic-tims of sex trafficking.
                                            Page S1457 
Portman Amendment No. 271, to amend the def-
inition of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth.
                              Page S1457 
Vitter Amendment No. 284 (to Amendment No. 
271), to amend section 301 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to clarify those classes of individuals born in the United States who are nationals and citi-zens of the United States at birth.
                    Page S1457 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the committee-reported substitute amendment to the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on 
cloture will occur on Tuesday, March 17, 2015. 
                                                                                    Pages S1474–75 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the committee-reported substitute amendment to the bill.
                                                                                   Page S1475 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that the first-degree amendment filing dead-line be at 5 p.m., on Monday, March 16, 2015. 
                                                                            Pages S1475, S1509 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 4 p.m., on Monday, March 16, 2015, Senate resume consideration of the bill.
                                                                                   Page S1509 
Monje, Jr. and Brown Nominations—Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent-time agreement was 
reached providing that at 5 p.m., on Monday, March 16, 2015, Senate begin consideration of the nomina-tions of Carlos A. Monje, Jr., of Louisiana, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation, and Manson K. Brown, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Commerce; that there be 30 minutes for debate equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote, without intervening action or debate, on confirma-tion of the nominations in the order listed; and that no further motions be in order.
                          Page S1508 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
By a unanimous vote of 97 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
70), Christopher A. Hart, of Colorado, to be Chair-man of the National Transportation Safety Board for a term of two years.
                                          Pages S1471–74 
Tho Dinh-Zarr, of Texas, to be a Member of the 
National Transportation Safety Board for the remain-der of the term expiring December 31, 2018. 
                                                                                    Pages S1471–74 
Michael Greco, of New York, to be United States 
Marshal for the Southern District of New York for the term of four years.
                                    Pages S1508–09 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MR5.REC D12MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D268 March 12, 2015 
Ronald Lee Miller, of Kansas, to be United States 
Marshal for the District of Kansas for the term of four years.
                                                              Pages S1508–09 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1494 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1495–96 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1496–98 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1491–94 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S1498–S1508 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1508 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—70)                                                                    Page S1474 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:01 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, March 16, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1509.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: SECRETARY OF THE SENATE, SENATE SERGEANT AT ARMS, AND CAPITOL POLICE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-
tive Branch concluded a hearing to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Secretary of the Senate, the Senate Sergeant at Arms, and the Capitol Police, after re-ceiving testimony from Julie E. Adams, Secretary of the Senate; Frank J. Larkin, Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate; and Kim C. Dine, Chief of Police, United States Capitol Police. 
APPROPRIATIONS: FOOD AND DRUG 
ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2016 for the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, after receiving testimony from Mar-garet Hamburg, Commissioner, Food and Drug Ad-ministration, Department of Health and Human Services. 
APPROPRIATIONS: FEDERAL BUREAU OF 
INVESTIGATION, U.S. MARSHALS SERVICE, DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION, AND BUREAU OF ALCOHOL, TOBACCO, FIREARMS, AND EXPLOSIVES 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies con-cluded open and closed hearings to examine pro-
posed budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. Marshals Serv-ice, Drug Enforcement Administration, and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, after receiving testimony from James B. Comey, Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Stacia A. Hylton, Director, U.S. Marshals Service, Michele Leonhart, Administrator, Drug Enforcement Admin-istration, and B. Todd Jones, Director, Bureau of Al-cohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, all of the Department of Justice. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine U.S. Northern Command and U.S. Southern Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testi-mony from Admiral William E. Gortney, USN, Commander, U.S. Northern Command, and Com-mander, North American Aerospace Defense Com-mand, and General John F. Kelly, USMC, Com-mander, U.S. Southern Command, both of the De-partment of Defense. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces received a closed briefing on missile de-fense programs in review of the Defense Authoriza-tion Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program from Vice Admiral James D. Syring, USN, Director, Missile Defense Agency, and M. Elaine Bunn, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Nu-clear and Missile Defense Policy, both of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
NASA BUDGET 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness concluded a hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration, after receiving testimony from Charles F. Bolden, Jr., Ad-ministrator, National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration. 
BIPARTISAN SPORTSMEN’S ACT 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine S. 556, to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, after receiving testimony from Steve Ellis, Deputy Director, Operations, Bureau of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MR5.REC D12MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D269 March 12, 2015 
Land Management, Department of the Interior; Les-
lie Weldon, Deputy Chief for National Forest Sys-tem, Forest Service, Department of Agriculture; and Jeff Crane, Congressional Sportsmen’s Foundation, and Whit Fosburgh, Theodore Roosevelt Conserva-tion Partnership, both of Washington, D.C. 
PROTECTING TAXPAYERS FROM SCHEMES 
AND SCAMS 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine protecting taxpayers from schemes and scams during the 2015 tax filing season, after receiv-ing testimony from Caroline Ciraolo, Acting Assist-ant Attorney General, Tax Division, Department of Justice; Timothy P. Camus, Deputy Inspector Gen-eral for Investigations, Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, Department of the Treasury; Mike Alley, Indiana Department of Revenue Com-missioner, Indianapolis; John L. Valentine, Utah State Tax Commission Chairman, Salt Lake City; and 
Ellen Klem, Oregon Department of Justice Office of the Attorney General Director of Consumer Out-reach and Education, Portland. 
VISA WAIVER PROGRAM 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 
Visa Waiver Program, focusing on implications for United States national security, after receiving testi-mony from Mark Koumans, Deputy Assistant Sec-retary for International Affairs, Office of Policy, and 
Maureen Dugan, Deputy Executive Director, Na-tional Targeting Center, Office of Field Operations, Customs and Border Protection, both of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security; Edward J. Ramotowski, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Visa Services; Michael Chertoff, former Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, The Chertoff Group, and Marc E. Frey, former Director, Visa Waiver Program, Department of Homeland Security, Steptoe and Johnson LLP, both of Washington, D.C.; and Brian Michael Jen-kins, RAND Corporation, Arlington, Virginia. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported an original bill entitled ‘‘Cybersecu-rity Information Sharing Act of 2015’’. 
AMERICANS’ PREPAREDNESS FOR 
RETIREMENT 
Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine how prepared Americans are for retirement, after receiving testimony from Jean Chatzky, NBC Today, Briarcliff Manor, New York; Alicia H. Munnell, Boston College Center for Re-tirement Research, Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts; Michal Grinstein-Weiss, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, Missouri; and Rob Carmichael, Maine Savings Federal Credit Union, Bangor. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. on Friday, March 13, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
MARCH 13, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MR5.REC D12MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD270 March 12, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, March 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will resume consideration of S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, with the filing deadline for first-de-gree amendments at 5 p.m. 
At 5 p.m., Senate will begin consideration of the 
nominations of Carlos A. Monje, Jr., of Louisiana, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation, and Manson K. Brown, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, and vote on confirmation of the nominations at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
11 a.m., Friday, March 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-
sion at 11 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Mar 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12MR5.REC D12MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST