Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6895 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8, 2015 No. 148 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
October 8, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable J OHN J. 
DUNCAN , Jr. to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
MEDICARE PART B PREMIUM 
INCREASE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, we 
take to the floor to deal with the daily reminders of turmoil around the world: the unrest in the Middle East, espe-cially in Syria and ISIS; the sad reality of an unending string of events regard-ing gun violence. 
There is a certain amount of unrest 
here in the House, as our Republican colleagues right now are trying to chart a path forward to reconcile dif-
ferences of opinion within their own ranks that have some spillover effects for us. But in the background, there is a critical issue that we should be fo-cused on that may not command the headlines; but it is, nonetheless, a critically important item. 
We are faced with arcane formulas 
that govern dealing with Medicare—the rates that recipients pay for their serv-ices—that have a perverse impact on some of the lowest income seniors. Through no fault of their own, 7.7 mil-lion senior citizens are going to be treated very unfairly. These are the 30 percent of Medicare recipients who are going to pay the burden for all Medi-care recipients for the cost increases. 
We have a provision in place that 
holds harmless people who get no in-crease in their Social Security pay-ments, and they are immune from pre-mium increases. But that is not so for the other 30 percent. These are the peo-ple who are facing a 52 percent increase in that part B premium, over $54 a month. 
Now, remember, nobody gets an in-
crease in their Social Security, and there is going to be about a $76 in-crease per month in the deductible. 
A typical Medicare beneficiary pays 
almost $5,000 per year for premiums, cost sharing, and other services that aren’t covered by insurance. For many, that is not an unreasonable contribu-tion for their health care, but not for everyone. 
More than half the beneficiaries have 
incomes of $24,150. These 30 percent, the 7.7 million who will pick up the slack for everyone else, are going to be facing a significant impact, given their low incomes. It doesn’t actually have to be this way. 
There are proposals that are avail-
able for Congress to deal with. Rep-resentative D
INATITUS, Representative 
JANSCHAKOWSKY , and Senator R ON 
WYDEN all have proposals that would eliminate or minimize the impact on 
these vulnerable senior citizens. 
And, bear in mind, it will also impact 
the States $2.3 billion in terms of Med-
icaid programs, which inevitably will translate into service reductions, again, for some of our most vulnerable. 
It is time for Congress to empower 
negotiators in both parties, in both Chambers to act now. If we get in-volved with these potential solutions, the costs are going to be far less than if we wait until the next year, and we will be shielding some of our most vul-nerable citizens from significant in-creases at a time when they can ill af-ford it. This is one area where there is overwhelming support on both sides of the aisle. 
I would call upon my friends in the 
Republican leadership to take a break from this strange process they are going through and debate in the acri-mony and the churn. Let’s take a break and empower people to solve these problems now. Our senior citizens deserve no less. 
f 
BREAST CANCER AWARENESS 
MONTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to remind us of the importance of the month of Octo-ber as Breast Cancer Awareness Month. 
Like any disease that affects people 
regardless of race, color, creed, or their status in society, cancer not only tests the mental and physical strength of the person fighting the disease, it has a deep and lasting impact on family, friends, and communities. 
Currently, more than 100 different 
types of cancer exist, but, in my hum-ble opinion, none is more wicked than breast cancer. This is most likely be-cause breast cancer is one of the most common and deadly cancers among women. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC7.000 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6896 October 8, 2015 
In fact, one in eight women in Amer-
ica will be diagnosed with breast can-cer in her lifetime. Breast cancer can be a cruel disease. It tears mothers from their children, wives from their husbands, and daughters from their parents. 
In 2015, it is anticipated that, in our 
country alone, more than 40,000 women will die from breast cancer. While women are most at risk, we must re-member that this disease does not just affect women; while less common in the United States, 2,350 men are diag-nosed with breast cancer each year. 
In the past 20 years, there have been 
incredible advances in the research and medicine surrounding breast cancer, but there is much left to be done. We can’t rest until we can prevent or cure this horrible disease. 
Again, we have already made huge 
strides in the fight against breast can-cer. Death rates due to breast cancer have been declining since 1989, and women younger than 50 are now less likely to get breast cancer than ever before. This is largely due to the awareness that has been raised on the importance of self-exams and yearly doctor physicals. 
However, currently, 29 percent of in-
sured women are still not receiving mammograms; and for women without health insurance, the percentage is even higher, with 68 percent not receiv-ing mammograms. 
It is extremely important that we 
continue to place an emphasis on early detection so that we can catch this dis-ease as early as possible and have the best shot at beating it. 
While there are factors like genetics 
and age that can make someone more susceptible to the disease, breast can-cer does not discriminate against edu-cation, upbringing, or wealth. From CEOs in New York City to a stay-at- home mom in small town Minnesota, this disease knows no bounds. 
I expect that just about everyone 
who walks these halls and too many to count across our country have been im-pacted by breast cancer in some way. I am no exception. Fifteen years ago, I lost my sister, Bridget, to breast can-cer. Bridget was only 38 years old when she left us. She left behind two beau-
tiful daughters and a husband who loved her. 
While her life was a lesson on how to 
get the most out of each second of every minute of every hour and every day, there is not a day that goes by when I don’t wish there could have been a cure for her. 
For those who have experienced per-
sonal loss and pain from breast cancer, and for everyone who is fighting this disease, we join with you this month not only to raise awareness about breast cancer but to sound a call to ac-tion, to strengthen our resolve, and to eradicate this disease once and for all. 
In Congress, we can absolutely play a 
role in this effort. To the extent pos-sible within our constitutional author-ity, we can and should encourage fur-ther advancement of medical research. I am proud to be a cosponsor of the 
Accelerating the End of Breast Cancer Act of 2015, which will establish a com-mission to work to defeat this disease. The commission will consist of experts in cancer research who will work to identify opportunities and ideas to ad-vance our quest to prevent and cure breast cancer for future generations. 
October is a month to raise aware-
ness. We have made progress, and we are making progress in our fight against this unforgiving disease. Let us use this month to rededicate ourselves to our shared goal of eradicating breast cancer once and for all. 
f 
WASHINGTON IS OUT OF STEP 
WITH AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, as 
Donald Trump and Ben Carson have turned up the volume with more and more outrageous statements and policy proposals, Members of Congress have been trying to keep up. 
Now, Republicans in the House not 
only have to play to the small, but ex-tremely vocal, segment of the elec-torate that feels Washington is ‘‘out of step with the American people,’’ but they have another audience to woo— each other—because a lot of our col-leagues are currently running for lead-ership positions. 
But is it really Washington that is 
out of step with America or is it the most vocal, most active, and most vit-riolic elements of the Republican base that are out of step with America? 
Last week’s NBC News/Wall Street 
Journal poll was pretty startling. It shows in issue after issue that on the positions adopted by the leading GOP candidates, vast majorities of Ameri-cans disagree with Republicans. On abortion restrictions, immigration, LGBT equality, racial diversity, and reproductive health, some in the Re-publican base demand we go back to the Dark Ages. But it is not, in fact, the direction that most Americans want to go. 
For most Americans, ‘‘Mad Men’’ was 
a good TV drama set before racial inte-gration, before the women’s movement really took hold, before gays and les-bians dared come out of the closet, and before we removed racial quotas from immigration. But some in the Repub-lican Party aspire to turn it into a re-ality TV show. 
The latest throw-down from the right 
has been over Planned Parenthood and reimbursing this respected organiza-tion for health services it provides to women across the country. 
In many cases, Planned Parenthood 
is the only source of affordable and ac-cessible reproductive health care, con-traception, HIV and STD testing, can-cer screenings, and basic health care for women. 
Under Federal law, our tax dollars 
cannot pay for abortions, and there are no credible claims that this is being 
violated. Under law, abortion is legal in the United States, despite all of the restrictions imposed and proposed by my Republican colleagues. But this goes further than abortion rights and a woman’s right to control her own health care and reproduction. 
Some Americans here and around the 
country are, frankly, not too com-fortable with the whole family plan-ning thing. In my family, I have two daughters who are brilliant and whom I trust to make decisions for them-selves. They were born 8 years apart and not by accident. 
My wife and I planned her preg-
nancies around her career as an invest-ment banker and had our children when we were ready. That is an option that opened the world of opportunity and self-determination to my wife that my mother never had. Puerto Rican women in this country in my mother’s day had one thing forced on them by the government, and that was steriliza-tion, period. 
So when I hear talk about shutting 
down the government to appease the far right on Planned Parenthood, I think of the progress we have made from my mother’s generation to my wife’s generation and now to the world in which my daughters live. 
It seems to me that we should not be 
looking for ways to limit choices women have, to force them into back alleys or across State lines for health care or to treat them as if only wise men in Washington can make decisions for the women of America. 
But that desire to turn the clock 
backwards, to undo the progress of our lifetimes, and to punish America for evolving over time is basically at the heart of the Republican agenda, as driven by their most active and vocal base. Republicans run for office and legislate as if they want gay people back in the closet, as if they want Latinos and Asians to become invis-ible, as if they wish women were just in the kitchen or in the bedroom, as if we could go back to those golden days be-fore the Civil Rights Act, the Voting Rights Act, Brown v. Board of Edu-cation, when everything was separate and some people were more equal than others. 
Well, with all due respect to Mr. Car-
son and Emperor Trump, every poll in-dicates that the American people are not with them, and that is especially true of young people in America. Dr. Carson must be nostalgic for the anti- Catholic days before John Kennedy was elected because he is now raising doubts that people of certain religions are qualified to serve their country as President. 
Senator C
RUZ must look at the old 
days when we turned away refugees from Europe because of their religion, as we did in the 1930s and 1940s when 
anti-Semitism gripped this country. Now he wants to send Muslims back to die in Syria. 
And now there is Donald Trump. He 
wants to deport about a quarter of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.003 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6897 October 8, 2015 
50 million Latinos in the United 
States. If mass deportation was good enough for President Eisenhower, he feels it should be good enough for America today. 
b1015 
I will agree with one leading can-
didate, Jeb Bush, who recently said that ‘‘stuff happens.’’ Stuff does hap-pen. A lot of stuff has happened since the 1950s when I was born and the 1960s when I grew up in America. 
Our laws and our culture have 
evolved to become more inclusive, and we have a more diverse and egalitarian society because of it. Many Repub-licans call that stuff the problem. I call that stuff progress. 
f 
LOSING A GENERATION TO GUN 
VIOLENCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
am tired. I am tired of, once again, being asked to rise to honor the vic-tims of gun violence. 
Not even a month ago, I stood at this 
very podium on behalf of gun violence victims. With nearly 300 mass shoot-ings in less than 300 days, this Congress has proven that there is no appetite to end gun violence. 
I am tired because we will have more 
moments of silence in honor of gun vic-tims, and then we will have moments of action from leaders working to stop gun violence. 
To my colleagues who came here on 
the platform of caring about children, to my colleagues who came here for peace, to my friends on the left and right of the aisle, can’t we own up to our responsibility to stop this vio-lence? Can’t we own the fact that we are losing a generation of Americans to gun violence? 
Every year, over 100,000 people are 
shot in America, more than 30,000 of them fatally. This is a crisis that de-mands more than a moment of silence from Congress. 
With every mass shooting, we hear 
every excuse in the book for inaction: it is a family problem; it is a mental health issue; it is a people problem. Ap-parently, it is everything but a gun problem. At this point, even our ex-cuses are tired. 
Let me share some headlines from 
my hometown this week: 
From Sunday’s Chicago Tribune, 
‘‘Man Killed, 4 Injured in Shootings’’; 
Monday, CBS Chicago, ‘‘One Dead, 11 
Wounded in Weekend Shootings Across Chicago’’; 
Tuesday, Chicago Sun Times, ‘‘Man 
and Woman Shot Near Douglas Park on West Side’’; 
Wednesday, Chicago Tribune, ‘‘One 
Dead, Eight Wounded in Shootings in Chicago.’’ 
These aren’t just headlines. They are 
deferred dreams and altered realities for countless families. This isn’t a Chi-cago problem, a Newtown problem, or 
an Oregon problem; it is an American problem. 
Today, gun deaths are on pace to be 
the leading cause of death for Ameri-cans aged 15 through 24, not because our kids are leaving the home front for war, but because the home front is be-coming a war zone. It is because mili-tary-style weapons are flooding our streets. It is because Hadiya Pendleton was in the wrong place at the wrong time, even though she had the right to be in the park. It is because Reverend Pinckney held Bible study, and a jour-nalist and cameraman in Virginia woke up and did their job. It is because a couple of teens wanted to see an Amy Schumer movie. 
We have had no votes on legislation 
to stop this. Mr. Speaker, for all the talk about needing to improve our mental health system, we have yet to take a single vote on a comprehensive mental health bill. 
I have had multiple bills that will re-
duce gun violence; but the simplest one, H.R. 224, will require the Surgeon General to submit to Congress a report on the public health impact of gun vio-lence. 
Simple, right? After all, we can’t 
have a conversation about gun violence without data on the death and dis-ability it causes, its mental health ef-fects, its community impact, and its economic costs. Mr. Speaker, this Con-gress has no appetite for conversations about gun violence. After all, there are A ratings to protect. 
The American people are tired, tired 
of their representatives paying lip-service to tragedies they were elected to help prevent. They are tired of their peace of mind being held hostage by those we should be preventing from ever getting their hands on a gun in the first place. 
I am calling everyone out here today. 
You have talked the talk; it is time to walk the walk. You say that you want to save lives, then do it. 
Where is the background check legis-
lation that 90 percent of Americans support, including NRA members? 
Bring my bill, H.R. 224, up for a vote, 
and let the Surgeon General see if gun violence is a threat to public health, which I know it is. Show that you care. Stop pivoting. Stop punting. Start leading. 
f 
HIGHWAY BEAUTIFICATION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. F
ARR) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise on a 
lighter note, a very positive note be-cause I represent a very beautiful and positive part of the United States: the central coast of California. This is a place where you hear the towns of Santa Cruz, Monterey, Pacific Grove, the beautiful fertile Salinas Valley, and the magnificent Big Sur coastline, which this poster here shows a photo-graph of. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because the 
House of Representatives, 50 years ago, passed marvelous legislation called the Highway Beautification Act, and that act came about because the States were ruining the aesthetics of America. It was a bill that First Lady Lady Bird Johnson so much supported. In fact, it became known as Lady Bird’s bill. 
So 50 years ago, this House of Rep-
resentatives took a bold move to pro-tect and improve our scenic highways. Why are those important? 
We sell scenery where I live. This is 
another picture of a scenic highway in the South, in the Southern States. When you drive through these, you don’t see any billboards, you don’t see the urban clutter, or, as my friend Ansel Adams said: ‘‘You don’t see the urban acne that is covering our roads.’’ 
It is Big Business that we are fight-
ing, because the billboard lobby in the United States is very powerful. It was powerful then, but the First Lady was more powerful. 
I have a personal story in that be-
cause my father, who was in the Cali-fornia State Senate, authored the first legislation to create the California Scenic Highway Program. In 1966, this time of the year, Lady Bird Johnson came all the way to California, not to campaign for a Governor or United States Senator, but to recognize the work that my father, State Senator Fred Farr, had done by dedicating Highway 1 in California, the Big Sur highway, as California’s first State sce-nic highway and perhaps the first State scenic highway in the United States. It was a great day. 
What Congress did is they ensured 
that States would be able to have money to enforce this billboard ban. They would give them more money if they would incorporate in their State, county, and city laws billboard bans. 
Now, we have a $7 billion industry 
out there, the outdoor advertising in-dustry, and it has been fighting high-way beautification for over 50 years. They have been unsuccessful at repeal-ing the Federal law, but they have made incredible progress in being able to find exemptions for it. 
They have prevented the 10 percent 
penalty that States would receive for not adopting highway beautification. They have encouraged localities to change zoning laws in rural areas, call-ing them commercial or industrial or anything to bypass the act. And they have been able to loosen the rules on repairing old signs, allowing them to remain forever rather than being torn down. 
We now have approximately 700,000 
billboards in the United States, and yet this is a country that will be cele-brating its 100th anniversary of our Na-tional Park System. We advertise around the world: ‘‘Come to beautiful America. See the scenery of America.’’ In many places in America, all you see is billboard scenery. 
So as we celebrate the 50th anniver-
sary of this act—which is not well 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.004 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6898 October 8, 2015 
known in Congress, nor in the country, 
yet is a very significant act because of what it did to empower States and local communities to have the ability to prevent billboards from going up and giving them funds for taking them down and to make sure that people are sensitive to why this is important for our scenery—let’s recommit to strengthening the program. 
As I said, we sell scenery. We sell 
watchable wildlife. The economy of the central coast depends on the beauty. As long as the beauty is there, people are going to come to the Carmels and Pacific Groves and Montereys, where California history began. 
People are spending more money on 
watchable wildlife. More people are watching wildlife in America than watch all of the sports combined. It is an unbelievable figure: of all the sports, all the football, all the baseball, all the hockey, basketball, you name it, more people look at wildlife. 
So let’s protect what is really unique 
to America, something that God gave us and only we can destroy. These hun-dreds of thousands of signs are robbing America of its scenic view, of its iconic images that once defined the open road. 
I would like to quote Ogden Nash, 
who summed it up wonderfully in a poem, ‘‘Song of the Open Road’’: 
I think that I shall never see, 
A billboard as lovely as a tree. Indeed, unless the billboards fall, I will never see a tree at all. 
Let’s help protect America’s beauty. 
Let’s ban billboards. 
f 
GTMO TRANSFERS TO COLORADO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong opposition to the Obama admin-istration’s announcement last week that the President is considering trans-ferring detainees held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, into my home State of Col-orado. 
Closing Guantanamo Bay was an ill- 
advised campaign promise in 2007 made by the President, a promise made be-fore he began receiving classified intel-ligence updates. 
In fact, as of March 2015, the Director 
of National Intelligence reported that 29 percent of detainees released from Guantanamo have engaged in or were suspected of engaging in terrorist or insurgent activity. Those who remain in Guantanamo are ‘‘worst of the worst.’’ So it is safe to presume that, if released, an even higher percentage of them will remain a threat to our na-tional security. 
I struggle to understand why we 
would close the Guantanamo Bay de-tention camp only to finance the incar-ceration of enemy combatants within the United States. 
Ever since 2012, Congress has passed 
and President Obama has signed an-nual restrictions against the transfer of prisoners at GTMO to the United 
States. The same restrictions are found in the FY 2016 National Defense Au-thorization Act passed by the House last week, despite President Obama’s promise to veto that bill. 
There is broad bipartisan opposition 
to President Obama’s plans to transfer GTMO prisoners into the United States, both among Members of Con-gress and the American people. 
For our Nation’s security, I implore 
President Obama to sign the National Defense Authorization Act when it reaches his desk and halt his reckless 
plan to place many of the world’s worst terrorists on U.S. soil, where they will have all of the due process protections provided to the American people and, thus, could be released through our court system. 
f 
CRISPUS ATTUCKS MEN’S 
BASKETBALL TEAM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to pay tribute to the 1955 Crispus Attucks men’s basketball team, the first all-African American high school athletic team to win a championship, not only in the great Hoosier State, but in the United States. 
Although the school was initially 
constructed out of pressure to seg-regate Indianapolis high schools, Crispus Attucks High School quickly became a source of pride for the Afri-can American community in Indianap-olis and across the great Hoosier State. 
However, despite its historic cham-
pionship victory, the Crispus Attucks High School basketball team did not receive the praise and recognition tra-ditionally bestowed upon previous State champions. 
After its win, the team took the tra-
ditional ride on a fire truck from But-ler Fieldhouse to Monument Circle in downtown Indianapolis, but the team was not allowed to get off the truck at the Circle for the traditional photo ses-sions. Instead, the fire truck took one more lap and then headed back into the city’s Black neighborhood. 
b1030 
Now, Mr. Speaker, 60 years later I 
stand along all Hoosiers to recognize these men for their trailblazing efforts in bringing our city together through high school sports. Their win was a major first step for African American athletes across our country, breaking the barriers of segregation and setting the stage for the diversity that we see today. 
Mr. Speaker, today I am joining my 
colleague in the Senate, Senator J
OE 
DONNELLY , to give these men the rec-
ognition they deserve. It is long over-due, but I hope it helps to bring some attention to their amazing accomplish-ments. 
I ask that my colleagues join us 
today in recognizing the 1955 Crispus Attucks men’s basketball team and 
thank them for bringing tremendous pride to the citizens of Indianapolis and to people of all races across our great country. 
f 
ZADROGA ACT REAUTHORIZATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I wish I 
could count how many times Members of Congress have come to this floor about the need to ‘‘never forget’’ Sep-tember 11, 9/11, its victims, and our first responders. 
Members have offered resolutions, 
have given speeches, have come to the floor with shocking images that are al-ready seared into our minds forever. Through it all, we hear this refrain of ‘‘never forget.’’ I know I will never for-get. I will never forget the friends and the family member I lost that day. 
I have constituents who will never 
forget. They will never forget the phone call they may have received that day of a loved one lost or the neighbor they saw for the very last time. When I visit a firehouse in Woodside, in Maspeth, in Sunnyside in Queens, or in Throgs Neck in the Bronx, I know they will never forget. 
I also know this is not just about my 
constituents, not just about my city of New York, not just about my State of New York, but this is about the United States of America. I know that Ameri-cans will never forget the days, the weeks, the months spent, by the men and women who worked on the pile, trying to rescue and save lives, the re-covery, and the eventual cleanup ef-forts that took place in Lower Manhat-tan. 
In fact, Mr. Speaker, the only people 
I believe who seem in danger of forget-ting are my colleagues right here in the House of Representatives. That is the only explanation I can give for why they let the James Zadroga 9/11 Health Act expire last week. 
They are forgetting the promise that 
this Congress, that our country, made to these first responders, the survivors, and other volunteers in the days that followed September 11. 
We all made a promise to them that 
they would not be left behind, they would not be ignored, left to fend for themselves. It took far too long for the Zadroga Act to become a law in the first place. 
Those are difficult years to have to 
keep telling 9/11 heroes: Just wait a lit-tle longer. We will get there. But, even-tually, we did get it done because it was the right thing to do. 
It would be easy for my colleagues to 
shrug their shoulders and say they did their part, to think that we have wiped our hands of the entire issue. But the need is still there. The pain and the suffering are still there. So we must act and we must act now. 
A few weeks ago hundreds of first re-
sponders came to Washington, D.C., 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.006 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6899 October 8, 2015 
from all over the country—not just 
New York—who were affected by 9/11 to look Members of Congress in the eye and ask them to renew this worthy pro-gram. They had meetings. They held press conferences. They even brought a celebrity spokesperson to draw atten-tion to their cause. 
Toward the end of the day, one gen-
tleman said that he probably wouldn’t be coming back to push Congress on this issue in the future. Now, I wish that none of them would have to come back because we would be able to tell them that we took action and perma-nently established this program. 
But the reason he is not going to be 
coming back is because he has stage 4 cancer, stage 4 cancer as a result of his work on the pile, looking for his friends. He may not be coming back at all. That is what this is about. That is who we are talking about. 
Every day first responders, cleanup 
workers, and volunteers are struggling with health conditions caused by the effects of the attack of 9/11. They have doctors’ appointments, tests, treat-ments, chemotherapy. 
And they can’t do it alone. That is 
why we put this program in place in the first place, to help those who can’t do it alone, to not just thank them for their service, but to give back to them what they have given to us. 
These heroes should be thanked 
every day for what they have done. They deserve our thanks. They deserve to be honored and applauded and to have floor speech after floor speech given in their name. 
But they deserve more than just 
words. They deserve action by this House, action that we must—not just should—but we must take to ensure that this program will continue to be there for those who need it. 
Our heroes deserve better. We hear a 
lot about ‘‘never forget.’’ I want to sug-gest that we never use the term ‘‘never forget’’ here on the floor, ‘‘never forget 9/11,’’ until we pass a permanent exten-sion of the James Zadroga Health Act. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I am sick 
to my stomach this morning because we have just witnessed the 45th school shooting this year. There have been more than 294 mass shootings this year, and we have only had 272 days this year. 
I am not going to stand for another 
moment of silence on this floor unless it is joined with meaningful action. It is a hollow gesture to act like we care for these families when the truth is we don’t care enough to act. 
Twenty-six times since Sandy Hook 
we have paused on this floor, we have paused to give our prayers and our sympathy to the families who have lost loved ones. But what are we doing for the next set of families that are going to lose loved ones? We are going to do nothing, abso-
lutely nothing. In fact, we create more credibility in the fictionalized ‘‘death panels’’ than we do about the actual deaths of innocent schoolchildren, col-lege students, and moviegoers. 
This is the truth: In America, more 
preschoolers are shot dead each year than police officers killed in the line of duty. Ninety-two Americans are shot to death each and every day. Ninety- two will be shot to death today. Do we care enough to do anything? 
If there were that many people dying 
each day due to terrorism, disease, faulty consumer products, you bet we would do something, but not when it comes to guns. When it comes to guns, we can only muster enough to stand up on this floor and be silent. What a trag-edy. 
Our inaction means we are willing to 
let thousands of our fellow citizens die so we can prop up the myth that gun violence measures, which the Supreme Court has ruled ironclad under the Constitution, will somehow undermine the Second Amendment. 
By refusing to adopt the mental 
health and background check measures supported by 90 percent of the popu-lation and 74 percent of NRA members, we are doing the bidding of the NRA lobbyists and the gun manufacturers. We are not standing side by side with the victims of Umpqua and Charleston and Sandy Hook. We are shrugging and saying, ‘‘Eh, stuff happens.’’ 
Stuff does not just happen. As you 
can see on this chart, gun violence is dramatically down in States that have passed strong gun violence prevention laws. You can see the trends in other industrialized countries that have re-acted wisely to gun violence. 
Australia had 13 mass shootings over 
18 years. But then they put in strong laws to protect against gun violence, and they haven’t had one mass shoot-ing since then. 
In Canada and Norway, also, they 
tightened their gun laws in the wake of mass shootings, and gun violence rates are a fraction today of what they were. These countries are our closest allies. They are not Fascist regimes. If they can do it, we can do it. 
We need to make mental health re-
porting laws universal and enforce the ones already on the books. It is shame-ful that eight States have no mental health reporting laws and 13 States have submitted fewer than 100 mental health records each to the national background check system. 
By the way, Senate Majority Whip 
J
OHNCORNYN says that his measure is 
the solution. He has even introduced his own bill, but he and his Caucus have declined to advance it. 
We have to make background checks 
universal by closing the gun show loop-hole and the loophole for online sales. These loopholes allow criminals, drug abusers, and mentally ill people who are already banned from having guns to get guns. Finally, we need to lift the ban on NIH and CDC research. Mr. Speaker, I will not stand for an-
other one of these hypocritical mo-ments of silence, but I will stand up for any effort we make to pass sensible and genuine gun safety laws. Lipservice alone is a disservice to these families and the next families who don’t want our prayers, but want the lives of their loved ones back. 
f 
CALIFORNIA DROUGHT CAUSING 
SUFFERING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ALADAO ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, today I 
had the opportunity and the honor to represent my district on the Senate side in a committee to talk about water, and it was to talk about the bill that we passed off this House floor just a few months ago back in June. Obvi-ously, I was very excited to move that forward and excited to see the debate move forward. This is something that I think we need to talk about a little bit more here on the floor, not just in the Senate because I think people need to remember what we are talking about. 
I had this picture taken just last 
week in my district. When people say a picture is worth a thousand words, you look at this picture, and you try to think of just a few different words that this brings to mind. You see houses here in the background, but you obvi-ously see shacks here. You see a child’s stroller, a child’s toy, cans of food, a box from one of our local food banks. 
These are people who are suffering 
today. This is in the United States of America. These are people who so many in this body claim to represent, so many in this body talk about, but when we see so many in this body sign letters, speak out in opposition to leg-islation that could help solve this prob-lem, these people are suffering not be-cause of a lack of the will to work but because we are facing a drought, and also because of legislation, because laws are in place that prevent us from delivering water to these communities. 
These are people who want to make a 
difference. A lot of them might be im-migrants. Some of them probably are people born in this country, but they are people that want to achieve the American Dream. A couple weeks ago when the Pope was here, he said so many things that both sides agreed with and some things that both sides disagreed with, but what he said was that every man has the right to work, to earn an honest day’s wage. These people are being denied that oppor-tunity. 
Just beyond these shacks, you see 
homes. They look relatively new. You see a business here. You see trucks. Those are all people who have the abil-ity to support themselves, but they are also people who right behind, in their own backyard, that don’t have the abil-ity to work that honest day’s wage, to supply for their family, to buy new toys for their kids, to actually afford 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.007 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6900 October 8, 2015 
food that was grown and produced by 
their own hands. Some of these food products might even be from other countries. 
When we have that conversation here 
about helping the less fortunate, do we just throw money at a problem? Is that what Washington does? Is that what we expect to have here? Is that what builds a great society? Or is it people working hard, providing for their fami-lies, educating their next generation on what it is like to actually grow food, what it is actually like to put in a hard day’s work, to inspire and actually show what it is to work hard and produce something for yourself? 
b1045 
The pride that comes with earning 
that paycheck and purchasing that house or purchasing those vehicles or purchasing food for your family is what we want to provide for Americans. That is something that I think every single person—immigrant or American citizen by birth or who has been here for 20 generations, whatever it may be—wants to have, the opportunity to provide for their families and for a bet-ter life. 
When you look at this picture, it is 
insane that this is going on today. And when people sign and put their names on or trash legislation that can help solve this problem, I think it is an em-barrassment for this House and for this country. 
There was water flowing through the 
delta that we had the opportunity to pump earlier this year. Would it have solved all of our problems? No, because we are in a drought. But there was still some water there. We missed out on that opportunity because of laws that are in place today. 
These people don’t have to be in this 
position. These people don’t have to 
live like this. Their children do not have to live in those shacks and play with their toys outside of their home. Think of what type of society allows this to happen, by allowing legislation or laws to take effect that have done nothing to actually protect the species they claim to protect, as that species continues to be in decline. We see what is going on here and how it does noth-ing for these people. 
We talk about the environment. Is 
this an environment to raise a family? How are these children going to be suc-cessful in school? I have got three young children of my own. I have nieces and nephews. I would never, ever want to see this happen to them, and I would never want them to see this hap-pen to their friends. 
This is something that is happening 
today because of the laws that this building protects. And we have got to continue to fight and we have got to continue to work together so that we can deliver solutions that actually help these people have that American Dream, just like the rest of us want for our children. 
Today, at the end of my speech to a 
Senate committee, I invited the Sen-ators to come take some time and meet 
with some of these folks or see what it is like to actually live like this. I ex-tend that invite to every Member of this House, especially those who speak out in opposition to legislation that can help prevent things like this from happening. 
I want them to come, knock on these 
doors, and talk to these people and see what they want more than anything. Do they want a handout or do they want the ability to produce and to pro-vide for their families and show their children what the next generation should do, which is work hard and help build that American Dream for all of us? 
I want every single person who 
speaks out in opposition to take a good, hard look at this and see what we have created in the United States un-less we speak up and do what is right: pass legislation that can help solve this problem so we can deliver water for these families, for these farmers, for our communities, and do what is right for our Nation and do what is right for the American people. 
f 
HONORING OUR WWII MERCHANT 
MARINERS ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, words cannot explain the singular honor it is to stand in the well of the House of Representatives in the Con-gress of the United States of America. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand here today on a 
mission of mercy. I believe a brief vi-gnette can best explain what a mission of mercy is as I apply it to the cir-cumstances for which I rise. 
Mr. Speaker, prior to coming to Con-
gress, I served for more than a quarter of a century as a judge of a small claims justice court. I can remember an occasion when a mother testified on behalf of her son. Her appeal to me was along these lines. She said: Judge, I am not asking you for justice. I know he was wrong. But he is my son. I know he was wrong. I am not asking for justice. I am asking you for mercy. You have within your power to do justice or you can grant mercy, and I beg that you grant mercy to my son. 
That was her hue and cry. So, Mr. Speaker, as I rise today, I 
rise in support of H.R. 563, sponsored by the Honorable J
ANICE HAHN. I rise in 
support of this legislation, which is the Honoring Our WWII Merchant Mariners Act of 2015. 
This bill would establish the Mer-
chant Marine Equity Compensation Fund. It would accord each person who served between certain dates—Decem-ber 7, 1941, through December 31, 1946— a sum of $25,000. 
Why should they receive the $25,000? 
Well, Mr. Speaker, when they served in World War II, they were not accorded the benefits other members of the var-ious Armed Forces were. In fact, it took litigation to bring them under the 
purview of benefits that the other members of the Armed Forces have re-ceived and are now receiving. 
It was in 1988 that they finally, after 
litigation, received these benefits, but the benefits were not applied retro-actively. As a result of them not being applied retroactively, some of them didn’t receive GI Bill benefits. They didn’t receive home loans. Many of them, still alive, can be compensated if we grant mercy. 
I know that there are those who 
would say that they already received their just compensation as a result of the litigation and as a result of being brought within the purview of the laws that allow them to receive certain ben-efits, but they didn’t get them retro-actively. 
I believe, Mr. Speaker, they served 
honorably. As a matter of fact, ap-proximately 9,500 of them died in serv-ice. They served their country. They bled the same blood as others when they were attacked and assaulted and when they lost limbs and their lives. 
They are Americans, Mr. Speaker. 
And I believe we should show some mercy to these Americans. We ought to accord them the opportunity to have these benefits because they were will-ing to risk their lives so that we could have the quality of life that we have today. 
So I make this hue and cry and ap-
peal. I base it upon mercy, not justice. The arguments can be made as to whether just compensation has been accorded; but I believe that, if we show mercy, we will do the right thing for people who have done the right thing for their country. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 52 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Eternal God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
During these contentious and unset-
tling days during which an important transition is taking place within the House, we ask Your presence in this as-sembly. 
Imbue each Member with confidence 
that they are called not to be success-ful in any one pursuit but, rather, faithful to the pursuit of the welfare of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.009 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6901 October 8, 2015 
the United States and faithfulness to 
its Constitution as they have taken oaths to do. 
May they, with confidence, use their 
abilities to best perform their duties and obligations. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from California (Mr. M CNERNEY ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. M
CNERNEY led the Pledge of Al-
legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to without amendment a concurrent resolution of the House of the following title: 
H. Con. Res. 81. Concurrent resolution pro-
viding for corrections to the enrollment of the bill H.R. 1735. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 623. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to establish a so-cial media working group, and for other pur-poses. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 32. An act to provide the Department of 
Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, and for other purposes. 
S. 2162. An act to establish a 10-year term 
for the service of the Librarian of Congress. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 
12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 2 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1301 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W OMACK ) at 1 o’clock and 
1 minute p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AWARENESS 
MONTH 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of October being Domestic Vio-lence Awareness Month. 
Domestic violence affects people 
across the Nation, including one in four women and one in seven men who have suffered severe physical violence. 
In my district, I want to recognize 
the efforts of the Clothesline Project, an initiative which features T-shirts decorated by domestic violence sur-vivors. In preparation for Domestic Vi-olence Awareness Month, people from across the Clarion County, Pennsyl-vania, area have participated in this project, decorating shirts which were displayed during last Saturday’s Au-tumn Leaf Parade in Clarion. 
Mr. Speaker, this is such an impor-
tant effort because last year 97 people died as a result of domestic violence in Pennsylvania. It is a wide age range. In fact, one was an infant. 
I appreciate the efforts of the 
Clothesline Project and all the non-profit and community organizations across my district working to bring at-tention to this critical issue. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 90TH ANNIVERSARY 
OF PHINEAS BANNING HIGH SCHOOL 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the 90th anniversary of Phineas Banning High School in Wilmington. It was named after General Phineas Ban-ning, known as the ‘‘Father of the Port of Los Angeles,’’ thus the school’s mas-cot, the Pilots. 
Banning has earned a reputation as 
an athletic powerhouse. The Pilots hold the title for the second-most CIS championships in the entire city of Los Angeles. 
Over the past 90 years, Banning High 
School hasn’t lost sight of its core mis-sion: to educate the young people of Wilmington and to prepare them for their future. 
It is an impressive alumni that have 
gone on to be NFL stars, Olympic ath-letes, actors, CEOs, scientists, and edu-cators. Many of my friends and mem-bers of my staff went to Banning High School. They can trace lifelong friend-
ships and some of their fondest memo-ries to their time there. 
Tomorrow night Banning will cele-
brate its milestone at its homecoming football game against the San Pedro Pirates. Both schools are in my dis-trict, however; so, I am not taking sides. But I want to wish both teams good luck and wish the Pilots a happy 90th birthday. 
f 
LIFTING THE CRUDE OIL BAN 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of lifting the ban on crude oil exports. It means jobs, 500,000 to 1 mil-lion jobs across the country and 2,400 jobs in Montana, with a revenue of at least $120 million. 
As a former Navy SEAL commander, 
I understand the importance of na-tional security. I do not want this Na-tion to be reliant on foreign energy sources and be held hostage by foreign countries for our energy needs. 
It has been a longstanding policy of 
this country to be energy independent, and lifting the crude oil ban is part of that. 
Lowering gas prices: All estimates 
look at lowering the gas prices by 1.5 to 13 cents a gallon. That is real sav-ings to every American family. 
I urge the Senate to take this up. 
This is not a partisan issue. This is not a Republican or a Democrat issue. This is a national security issue. So I ask the Senate to take it up. I am con-fident it will come out of the House in numbers that are bipartisan. 
Anyone who votes against releasing 
the ban—there is only one country on the face of the planet that has a ban on crude oil, and that is here. Even Iraq and Iran can export their crude. 
f 
ENDING GUN VIOLENCE 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, last week we expe-rienced the 45th school shooting in 2015. Nearly 10,000 people have been killed by guns this year alone; yet, too many leaders respond with absolute in-difference. They tell us that ‘‘stuff hap-pens,’’ that we should just move on. 
Are the 20 kids killed at Sandy Hook 
Elementary School just stuff hap-pening? Are the 32 murdered at Vir-ginia Tech just stuff happening? Are the 12 people gunned down in the Au-rora, Colorado, movie theater just stuff happening? What about the 9 people killed at Umpqua Community College on Friday? 
This stuff has real costs to families, 
to friends, to our whole community, to our country. It does not have to hap-pen. 
Let’s make gun trafficking in illegal 
weapons a Federal felony and have uni-versal background checks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.012 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6902 October 8, 2015 
Let’s end the moments of silence on 
the floor and have, instead, votes on the floor to end gun violence. 
f 
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AWARENESS 
MONTH 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize October as Domestic Vio-lence Awareness Month. 
Violence against women is not a par-
tisan problem. It is an American prob-lem. So it demands a bipartisan solu-tion. 
As a father, son, and husband, to me, 
this issue is about protecting families, plain and simple. Unfortunately, de-bate in Washington is often dominated by the same tired politics, divisive rhetoric, and by the misguided notion that some issues are just too tough to take on. 
We can’t allow this gridlock to stop 
us from working to ensure that every woman feels safe and every child lives free from fear. 
That is why I helped introduce the 
Zero Tolerance for Domestic Abusers Act. This bill is a commonsense solu-tion to bring Federal law in line with over 30 States that already have pro-tections in place to keep guns out of the hands of abusers, to protect fami-lies, and to curb domestic abuse by pre-venting domestic violence from becom-ing domestic murder. 
Together, we can make our country 
safer, which is why I encourage my col-leagues to join me on this important legislation, supporting safety and secu-rity for all Americans. 
f 
HONORING DOLORES HUERTA FOR 
A LIFETIME OF SERVICE AND THE 85TH ANNIVERSARY OF HER BIRTH 
(Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
during this Hispanic Heritage Month to ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing Dolores Huerta for a lifetime of service and honor her on the 85th anni-versary of her birth. 
Living in Stockton, California, she 
witnessed the unjust exploitation and suffering of migrant workers. Refusing to stay silent in the face of brutal working conditions, Dolores joined Cesar Chavez to co-found what is now United Farm Workers, the leading ad-vocacy voice for the migrant commu-nity. 
Dolores’ actions were essential to 
pass the 1975 California Agricultural Labor Relations Act. Her tenacity is captured in the resonating chant, ‘‘Si, Se Puede’’ that still gives voice to to-day’s civil rights movement. 
In 2012, Dolores received the distin-
guished Presidential Medal of Free-dom. She continues to organize com-munities to fight for social justice as 
president of the Dolores Huerta Foun-dation. 
For her lifetime of service, I ask my 
colleagues to join me in honoring Dolo-res Huerta. 
f 
LIFTING THE CRUDE OIL BAN 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of H.R. 702, to lift the outdated ban on U.S. crude oil exports. 
This 40-year-old ban was enacted dur-
ing the time of oil scarcity in the 1970s in an effort to preserve domestic oil re-serves and discharge foreign imports. Today the ban is driving up the price at the pump while discouraging Amer-ican energy independence. 
The United States is now the largest 
oil producer in the world, producing more barrels per day than Saudi Arabia or Russia, but we cannot take full ad-vantage of this strength without the ability to export crude oil as the boom in domestic oil production has sur-passed the ability for our domestic re-finers to process crude oil for export. 
The ban on crude oil exports was cre-
ated in reaction to market conditions at the time. These conditions no longer exist. While the President is opening up oil markets for Iran with a nuclear agreement, U.S. oil producers should have the same access to the global market. 
It is time to lift the ban on crude oil 
exports. I urge my colleagues to sup-port lifting the crude oil ban. 
f 
HONORING THE LATE ALMA 
BEATTY OF NEWARK 
(Mr. PAYNE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Ms. Alma Beatty, a longtime vice president of Community Affairs at Newark Beth Israel Medical Center who passed away earlier this year. 
Ms. Beatty was born in Newark, New 
Jersey, and became one of the city’s most beloved citizens through her 45 years of service at ‘‘The Beth.’’ 
Under Ms. Beatty’s leadership, ‘‘The 
Beth’’ became a model of excellence in protecting the most vulnerable among us. Thanks to her vision, ‘‘The Beth’’ instituted a number of community service programs that continue to this day, including Adopt a Child Christmas Program. 
Last month, I had the honor of par-
ticipating in a ceremony to change the name of Newark’s Osborne Terrace to ‘‘Alma Beatty Way.’’ It is a fitting rec-ognition to Ms. Beatty’s contributions to the city of Newark, the county of Essex, the State of New Jersey, and the United States of America. 
To Ms. Beatty’s family I send my 
thoughts and prayers and continued love for the work that she has done in 
our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JERRY HARTZ FOR 
HIS OUTSTANDING SERVICE TO THE CONGRESS 
(Ms. PELOSI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to celebrate the leadership of a consummate civil servant, a skilled strategist and an astute adviser for his outstanding service to the Congress for the better of three decades, a proud son of Iowa who is deeply dedicated to our country, to advancing the Democratic agenda on the House floor, and to strengthening our democracy, an exem-plary professional whom I have had the privilege to have on my staff for the past 13 years. I speak of—respected on both sides of the aisle—Jerry Hartz. 
Jerry is a master of House rules and 
parliamentary procedure. Over the years, Jerry has managed influential and consequential debates on the House floor. He played a vital role in advancing our Democratic efforts to improve the lives of Americans by moving forward vital legislation. 
We simply could not have done with-
out you, Jerry. 
On the most challenging and critical 
legislative issues of our day, Jerry con-sistently exhibited the wisdom, the creativity, and the fairness needed to improve our world. 
Though we will miss his experience 
and his expertise, I am proud that Jerry will continue to contribute shap-ing our Nation at the National Demo-cratic Institute. 
Thank you to Jerry’s wife, Jennifer, 
who is with us today, and their daugh-ters, Alicia and Evelyn, for sharing Jerry with us all these years. 
Earlier this morning we had a huge 
number of Members of Congress come pay their respects to Jerry and to Jen-nifer, a large number of staff from both sides of the aisle who recognize Jerry’s sense of fairness. 
Thank you, Jerry, for your long and 
excellent service to the Democratic Caucus, to this House, and the United States Congress and, in doing so, to the United States of America. Thank you for your patriotism and your leader-ship. 
f 
b1315 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 538, NATIVE AMERICAN ENERGY ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 702, ADAPTATION TO CHANGING CRUDE OIL MARKETS 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-
tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 466 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 466 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.016 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6903 October 8, 2015 
to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the 
House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 538) to facili-tate the development of energy on Indian lands by reducing Federal regulations that impede tribal development of Indian lands, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114-30. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amend-ment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-
mit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 702) to adapt to chang-ing crude oil market conditions. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and amendments speci-fied in this section and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-29. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered 
only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Florida is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 466 
provides for consideration of H.R. 538, the Native American Energy Act, and H.R. 702, which would repeal the ban on exporting crude oil. H. Res. 466 calls for a structured rule which makes in order 12 total amendments, including 7 mi-nority amendments and 2 bipartisan amendments. Both of these bills deal with easing the regulatory burden when it comes to the energy sector. 
Being from coastal Alabama, I have a 
great appreciation for the impact the energy sector has on our economy, and I am a strong supporter of an all-of- the-above approach to energy produc-tion. Unfortunately, Washington has a bad habit of putting up costly barriers that make it harder for the energy sec-tor to grow and create new jobs. Today is about getting some of these barriers out of the way and unlocking our Na-tion’s energy potential. One of the bills, the Native American Energy Act, would roll back the overregulation of Indian lands and encourage energy de-velopment by Indian tribes and Alaska Native Corporations. 
From streamlining duplicative Fed-
eral processes to increasing tribal con-trol over natural resource develop-ment, this bill includes important re-forms to unlock the precious energy re-sources on tribal land and to allow these tribes to take more control of their energy assets. In fact, a 2015 re-port from the Government Account-
ability Office found that ‘‘Indian en-ergy resources hold significant poten-tial for development, but remain large-ly undeveloped.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, they remain largely un-
developed because the Federal Govern-ment is standing in the way. This has resulted in lost revenue for Indian tribes, and it is time we fix this prob-lem. 
This commonsense legislation has 
strong support from tribes across the Nation, including the Southern Ute In-dian Tribe, the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation, the Inter-tribal Timber Council, the Navaho Na-tion, Three Affiliated Tribes of the Fort Berthold Reservation in North Dakota, and the National Congress of American Indians. It is time the Fed-eral Government gets out of the way and allows tribal nations to manage their land how they see fit, without the heavy hand of government getting in the way. 
The second bill covered by this rule 
would end the outdated ban on crude oil exports. The ban was first put in place in 1975 as a response to the Arab oil embargo, but it is clearly no longer necessary, and it is tying our hands both economically and strategically around the world. 
Over the last decade, the United 
States has become the leading producer of oil and natural gas in the world, which is good news for the countless Americans who work in the oil indus-try, and it is even better news for the American economy. 
Mr. Speaker, there is broad, bipar-
tisan support for lifting the 40-year-old ban on crude oil exports. Leading economists, including former Obama economic policy adviser Lawrence Summers, and leading scholars at Har-vard University support lifting the ban. Former U.N. Ambassador and Energy Secretary under President Clinton Bill Richardson said that the U.S. needs to export our oil and gas in order to ‘‘help us geopolitically in Eastern Europe against Russia.’’ 
Recently, 135 senior legislative lead-
ers from 40 States and Puerto Rico sent a letter calling on Congress to lift the ban. The letter notes that ‘‘the out-dated Federal export restrictions on crude oil and LNG are detrimental to American workers, our collective secu-rity, and economic recovery in our States.’’ There were three signers of the letter from Mr. H
ASTINGS ’ home 
State of Florida. 
Numerous editorial boards around 
the country, including those at The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, The Detroit News, The Denver Post, The Washington Times, and the Houston Chronicle have touted the benefits of ending the ban. 
Most notably, 69 percent of American 
people support lifting this ban. Shouldn’t we stand with the American people? 
Now, Mr. Speaker, let’s talk about 
some of the benefits from lifting the outdated ban. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC7.002 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6904 October 8, 2015 
First, it is estimated that this legis-
lation would create 630,000 additional U.S. jobs by 2019. Lifting the ban would also benefit U.S. manufacturers and boost our GDP. 
Second, the Congressional Budget Of-
fice estimates that lifting the ban would generate $1.4 billion from oil and gas leases over the next 10 years. That is really a significant number. 
Third, the Government Account-
ability Office found that lifting the ban would lower gas prices by anywhere from 1.5 to 13 cents per gallon. Even President Obama’s own Department of Energy found that increased oil exports would help lower gas prices. 
Fourth, lifting the ban will allow the 
United States to help our allies abroad. For example, Russia has continuously used their control over oil to pressure European countries to comply with Russia’s wishes. If a country refused, Russia would threaten to cut off their energy supply. By lifting the ban, the United States can begin supporting our allies and, in turn, weaken Russia’s grip on many European countries. 
Mr. Speaker, it is very interesting 
that this administration has worked hard to open up oil export capabilities for Iran, yet they are refusing to allow the United States to do so. By allowing 
Iran to export oil, the President has es-sentially given the Ayatollah a leg up in the global marketplace, placing the strategic interests of Iran over those of the United States. This is yet another example of the President of the United States standing with the people of Iran and the Ayatollah and not standing up for the people of America. These are four very clear benefits for repealing the ban and unlocking our Nation’s en-ergy potential. 
Now, the White House has said they 
believe lifting the oil export ban is a decision that should be made by the Commerce Department, not by Con-gress. So let me get this straight: The Obama administration would rather unelected, unaccountable Federal bu-reaucrats at the Department of Com-merce make this decision instead of the democratically elected Congress? I think that speaks to a far larger prob-lem with this White House and how they believe our government should work. 
Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, both of 
these bills are about empowering the American people and getting the gov-ernment out of the way. These bills both have broad support, and I urge my colleagues to approve this rule. Let’s move forward on passing these com-monsense bills. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman 
from Alabama for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes for debate. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule provides for 
consideration of both H.R. 702, legisla-tion to adapt to the changing crude oil market conditions, and H.R. 538, the Native American Energy Act. As we have seen time and again in 
what can only be described as typical Republican fashion, we have again skirted regular order. As a matter of fact, whatever happened to regular order in this institution? It seems to have gone by the boards. Here we are considering two unrelated pieces of leg-islation under one grab-bag rule. 
What is more, instead of striving to 
roll back environmental protections, we should be working in a bipartisan manner to avoid a government shut-down in December, address the debt ceiling, pass a long-term transpor-tation bill so that we can rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and put Americans back to work, and reauthor-ize the Export-Import Bank, the char-ter of which Republicans allowed to ex-pire 100 days ago. 
Mr. Speaker, the 1973 oil embargo 
sparked a crisis in our country that continues to influence our energy poli-cies today. H.R. 702, the first of the bills we are debating today, makes sig-nificant changes to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act, the primary statute for restricting the export of do-mestically produced crude oil that was enacted in the wake of the embargo. 
It goes without saying that the en-
ergy situation in the United States is far different today than it was in the 1970s when the oil export ban began. Global crude oil prices fell to 6
1⁄2-year 
lows in August. We have such a surplus of oil that the number of rigs drilling for oil in the United States dropped to 614 last week, down from 1,609 last Oc-tober. Based on these facts, it would behoove us to reexamine this export ban. 
b1330 
But, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 702 unwisely 
repeals the authority of the President to restrict the export of petroleum products or natural gas and prohibits any Federal official from imposing or enforcing restrictions on the export of crude oil. 
Last night in the Rules Committee I 
asked the question whether President Obama deserves any credit for the lower gas prices. Certainly, when gas prices were higher, he received an awful lot of criticism and blame. It would seem to me that, with the in-creased number of leases that he has allowed, he should get some credit at least. 
Moreover, the bill makes it virtually 
impossible to limit exports of coal, natural gas, petroleum products, and petrochemical feedstocks. Repealing this authority would eliminate our ability to restrict the export of any of these products. 
Lifting this ban would provide a gift 
to oil companies on top of the decades of lucrative subsidies the industry al-ready receives by the American tax-payers. Enough is enough. 
I would also note that the term—and 
I brought it up in the Rules Committee last night and didn’t get a clear an-swer—the term ‘‘restriction’’ is unde-fined. Let me quote my good friend 
F
RANK PALLONE of New Jersey, the 
ranking member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
He said: Since the term ‘‘restriction’’ 
is undefined, any Federal action that could potentially impede the efficient exploration, production, storage, sup-ply, marketing, pricing, and regulation of energy resources—including fossil fuels—could be considered a restric-tion. 
For instance, an order to shut down a 
pipeline that has been determined to be a hazard to public safety and the envi-ronment under the Pipeline Safety Act could be seen as a restriction. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 538 suffers from 
similar deficiencies. H.R. 538 has the stated purpose of empowering Native American tribes to utilize and develop energy resources on their lands. 
I hesitate because I don’t understand 
what part of sovereignty with reference to Native Americans in this country we do not understand; therefore, they should not have to be here hat in hand about their own resources. 
But tribal lands often hold great po-
tential for domestic energy production; yet, tribes often cannot harness the full economic development potential of their natural resources. But this bill tries to solve this problem by under-cutting important environmental pro-tections. 
In the name of encouraging energy 
production on tribal lands, this bill se-verely restricts public involvement and comment on proposed energy projects, prevents the recovery of attorneys’ fees in cases challenging these new energy projects, effectively chilling the public’s ability to bring bona fide claims to seek judicial redress for envi-ronmental harms in their community. 
And just for good measure, this legis-
lation blocks any commonsense hy-draulic fracturing rules. Instead of un-dermining the bedrock of our Nation’s vital environmental protections, we should focus on real, constructive re-forms that will achieve tribal self-de-termination in energy development without sacrificing commonsense envi-ronmental laws. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the esteemed gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE). 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 538, the Native Amer-ican Energy Act. 
Mr. Y
OUNG , my esteemed colleague 
from Alaska, I commend him on his ef-forts over the years. This represents a significant step for tribes across the country, especially in my State of Montana. 
I have only been in the seat for a few 
months, and I can tell you that the Federal Government has infringed on the sovereignty of our tribes to develop their own natural resources. 
What is sovereignty? Sovereignty is 
not going through a labyrinth of rules that are far greater than other Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.019 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6905 October 8, 2015 
lands or State lands. It is not right. It 
is not right for the Crow people. It is not right for every Indian nation across this land. 
The government has infringed. The 
GAO report examines it and states as much. The Crow tribe, a proud tribe in Montana, wants to be self-sufficient. They want to make sure that they have a prosperous economy and do right by their people; yet, the chairman, Old Coyote, has said a war on coal is a war on the Crow people. And he is right. 
There is no better job on the Crow 
reservation than a coal job. There is no better future than to have access to the 9 billion tons of coal that are locked in the ground that they can’t develop and they can’t develop in the interest of their own people because the Federal Government is in the way. 
This bill doesn’t skirt environmental 
rules or laws. What it does is it stream-lines a position, streamlines their sov-ereignty and their rights, and that is important. 
So, Mr. Speaker, my colleagues, this 
is not a Democrat or a Republican issue. This is an American issue, and it is about respect. 
I ask all Members to respect the na-
tive tribes, respect their right to sov-ereignty, respect their right for self-de-termination. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Background checks are the first line 
of defense to keep guns out of the hands of criminals. If we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation that would expand the cur-rent background check system to in-clude all commercial sales of firearms. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
very pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON), my good friend, to discuss our 
proposal. He is the chair of the House Gun Violence Prevention Task Force. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
the rule today and in support of bring-ing the bipartisan King-Thompson background check bill to the floor for a vote. 
Let me give you some numbers: 278, 
the number of mass shootings in our country since Newtown; 275, the num-ber of days this Congress has been in session; 16, the number of gun-related moments of silence Congress has held since the start of last year; and 0, the number of votes this body has taken to help prevent or lessen gun violence. 
Just a week ago we endured another 
mass shooting. This time it was nine people at a community college in Or-
egon. Six weeks ago it was a news re-porter and cameraman in Virginia. Five weeks before that it was two peo-ple at the movies in Lafayette. Five weeks before that it was a prayer group in Charleston. 
Every single time a mass shooting 
happens we go through the same rou-tine—thoughts and prayers are sent; statements are made; stories are writ-ten; moments of silence are held—and nothing changes. No action is taken. No votes are cast. 
It has been said that insanity is 
doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. The majority leadership has done noth-ing over and over again. Predictably, the results have been the same: more innocent lives lost, more families for-ever changed, and more mass gun vio-lence. 
The five Republican coauthors of our 
background check bill notwith-standing, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have done nothing as mass gun violence has become com-monplace. No bills have been brought to the floor. No ideas have been brought to the table. No proposals have even been considered. 
You have the majority in the House 
and in the Senate. You have a White House and a Democratic Caucus willing to work with you. You are presumably here to govern and lead. A big part of that means stepping up when children, students, and families are routinely put in danger. 
Gun violence takes the lives of 30- 
plus Americans every single day. It constitutes a public health emergency that demands action from the public’s leaders. We have it in our power to do something. Let’s not waste that. 
We don’t know what laws could have 
prevented the shooting in Oregon or Virginia or Charleston, but we do know that every day background checks stop more than 170 felons, some 50 domestic abusers, and nearly 20 fugitives from buying a gun. We know they help keep guns from dangerous people, and that saves lives. 
This isn’t about the Second Amend-
ment. I am a hunter and I am a gun owner. I support the Second Amend-ment. If the King-Thompson back-ground check bill undermined the rights of gun owners, my name wouldn’t be on it. 
This is about keeping guns from 
criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill. It is about taking a simple, commonsense step to keep spouses, kids, and communities safe. 
All this bill does is require a back-
ground check for people buying a gun online or at a gun show. Why would anyone not want to make sure the peo-ple buying guns on the Internet or at a gun show are sane, law-abiding citi-zens? We do it at licensed dealers, why not for all commercial sales? Why do we want to give criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill a huge loophole through which they 
can buy guns? It makes no sense. 
We can do one of two things here 
today. We can wait out the new cycle, allow the horror of Oregon to fade into our minds, do nothing, wait for the next tragedy, and then offer thoughts and prayers. That would be nothing new. 
It is what the majority did with New-
town. It is what they did with Navy Yard. It is what they did with Isla Vista, Charleston, and Virginia. This time could be different. We could actu-ally pull together and do something to make our country safer. 
No legislation will stop every shoot-
ing. But passing commonsense gun laws like background checks will at least stop some, and that makes it worth doing. Don’t sit here and let America’s new normal become mass gun violence followed by thoughts and prayers, but no action. We are here to govern. This is happening on our watch, and it is within our power to save some lives. Let’s do it. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OU-
STANY ), who is a tireless advocate for 
the energy interests of his State of Louisiana. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, let’s 
look at the facts. I support this rule and I support the underlying legisla-tion, H.R. 702, which would lift the ban on oil exports for this country. 
The United States is the only oil-pro-
ducing country that has a self-imposed ban, and it makes no sense. It doesn’t fit within our own views of open trade, open energy markets. 
Why did this come about? It came 
about because in the 1970s we moved into an age of scarcity with regard to energy. Our producers could not keep up with demand. 
American innovation, American 
technology, has solved that. Now we have moved into an era of abundance. This is a time where we can actually change the entire landscape of energy security not only for the United States, but also for our allies, and reap major economic benefit by lifting the ban. 
When we came out of the recession, 
energy jobs helped lift us out of that recession. The shale revolution was a major factor. What we are seeing now with slack demand and the abundance and a lot of oil sitting that is not being used in refineries has caused slacking in prices and job loss. 
We can reverse that by lifting the 
ban and giving American producers ac-cess to the market, just like everybody else that produces oil. Why should the Iranians be able to sell oil on the open market and we have a self-imposed ban on American energy producers? It makes no sense at all. 
Secondly, if we lift the ban, this is a 
first and necessary step, I believe, in building out a whole new energy strat-
egy for the United States that leads to an American view, an American im-print, on energy security, not a Rus-sian and not an OPEC view of this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.021 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6906 October 8, 2015 
Why? Because we embrace open mar-
kets, we embrace diversity of sources, we embrace transparency and pricing. That is what we want. Lifting the ban is that first step. 
b1345 
Thirdly, if we couple this with build-
ing out more pipelines that help us in-tegrate the Mexican energy market and the Canadian, the North American area can clearly take care of all of our domestic demands collectively and have plenty to export. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, this 
will then move us in a position of dominating energy strategy globally, putting OPEC and Russia on the de-fense. They cannot keep up with Amer-ican energy producers. They don’t have the innovation; they don’t have the technology; and they are running budg-et deficits that are harmful to their countries. They will have to change, and we will dominate the energy sec-tor. 
Further, if we integrate this with our 
trade policies, we then start to elimi-nate the abusive practices that na-tional oil companies perpetrate and put American open-market companies, multinational companies, back in the driver’s seat. But we also help Amer-ican producers and producers in my home State of Louisiana, small compa-nies that are suppliers, small compa-nies that provide the services: the boat companies, the maritime companies that help facilitate all of this. 
This is about job creation. This is 
about American energy production; it is about American energy security; and it is about having leverage in our for-eign policy. That is why I support this first step of lifting this ban on crude exports. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, before 
yielding, I would like to speak very briefly about process, because a lot of times people don’t understand that the base bill that we are discussing today, the two rules, the process allows the minority an opportunity to present a motion. One is a motion to recommit. One of the parts of that process that we are discussing here today has to do with gun violence. Mr. T
HOMPSON , who 
just spoke about it eloquently, I add to what he had to say. 
Here in Washington, D.C., in the last 
6 days, five people have been killed by guns. In Chicago and in my hometown and around this Nation, in addition to the mass killings, there have been a number of killings. 
David Satcher was Surgeon General 
of the United States from 1998 to 2002. In the year of 2000, he was the first per-son that I know that raised publicly the fact that we have a gun violence epidemic in this country. There were people that wanted to run him out of office because of that. We need to pay attention. For the purpose of discussing this 
further, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY), 
someone who has had a real experience with gun violence. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to the rule and in support of the opportunity to vote for common-sense, bipartisan gun violence preven-tion legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I represent Newtown, 
Connecticut; and on December 14, 2012, almost 3 years ago, 20 precious children and 6 dedicated educators were ripped from us by gun violence. 
After Newtown, America said ‘‘never 
again.’’ But just 2 days ago, we ob-served another moment of silence in this House, this time for the commu-nity of Roseburg, Oregon. 
As with every other mass shooting 
since Newtown, families and first re-sponders in my district are retrauma-tized. In fact, by my count, we have held 16 moments of silence on the House floor to honor those Americans taken from us by gun violence since the tragedy at Sandy Hook. Sixteen times we in this House have come to-gether and bowed our heads in silence and then refused to do anything sub-stantial to prevent gun violence. 
Mr. Speaker, we can and we must do 
better. We must be allowed a vote on the bipartisan bill that will close back-ground check loopholes and save lives. 
Ninety percent of Americans support 
background checks. Background checks keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. That is why every gun purchase should be allowed only after a successful background check. 
We are not dealing with a natural 
disaster. This is not an earthquake. This crisis is manmade, and it is up to us to take action to save lives. 
The time has passed for moments of 
silence. We need hours of action. I urge all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote today to bring the bipar-tisan background check to the House 
floor. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I think 
what the gentleman from Florida said at the beginning was inaccurate. He said that we brought two things to-gether in this rule that are not related to one another. They are. They are both related to energy production in this country, and that is what the rule is about. 
Now, I am standing here today as the 
grandson of a man who was shot and killed by someone who was mentally ill in 1920. I know the importance of that issue. I know what it means to families who have been victimized by it. There may be a day and a time for us to have this debate, but it is not today. 
Today, we are talking about the en-
ergy security of our country. Today, we are here to talk about freeing up the American economy and freeing up do-mestic producers so that they can sell their product abroad, as we are now going to allow Iran to sell their prod-uct abroad. I would like for us to get back to the debate on energy. That is what we are here today about. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, the 
gentleman doesn’t have the prerogative of what the minority has, and that is an opportunity to offer a motion to re-commit. 
He is correct that there are two bills 
that are being brought here in this grab-bag rule, but if he says that today is not the day for us to discuss gun vio-lence, then I want to ask him: What day is it that we are supposed to dis-cuss gun violence? People are being killed all over this Nation, and we have an epidemic, and we are constantly not doing anything about it. If it is not today, when? And if it is not us, who? 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ), my distinguished col-
league and good friend. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to say I agree with my col-league. If not now, when? We have been asking that for many, many genera-tions. 
Because of the mass shootings, Amer-
ican families are demanding Congress to act. They want action, but Congress has not heard any bills. They refuse to hear them. There is nothing. There is no opportunity to have the light of day or to have some transparency to it. 
The last meaningful gun violence 
prevention bill was in 1994, and that was the Brady Handgun Violence Pre-vention Act. 
Shootings, as was pointed out, are 
now an everyday occurrence. It is com-monplace, so people are becoming numb, except for those who are imme-diately affected and are asking us to move and pass legislation, give it the light of day, discuss it, bring it up, start some methodology to be able to understand what this House is looking at doing for our American people, for our children, and for our families. 
Now, collective action, we need it. 
Transparent discussion is necessary and much needed. Enough of skirting this issue. What is more important, gas and oil or the lives of human beings? 
Keep guns away from people that 
should not have them and/or would use them to harm others. 
H.R. 1217 mandates universal back-
ground checks for all purchases. It is a step in the right direction. It would move our country forward in beginning the process of addressing this epidemic that we are facing. 
We need real, constructive legisla-
tion. We need to prevent and lessen vi-olence. We must keep guns out of the hands of people who should not have access to them, such as the dan-gerously mentally ill. Now, domestic abusers and people with violent his-tories also should not have access to them, and they currently do. 
Now, without stigmatizing those 
with mental illness because then you have a problem on your hands, we need to inform, educate, and help young peo-ple, families, and educators. We need to help those who are exhibiting emo-tional disturbances and help them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.022 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6907 October 8, 2015 
learn how to access information and 
assistance. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ). 
Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I don’t 
want to disrespect in any way the mi-nority’s opportunity that they have, but I did come here to talk about the energy bills. 
I chose to go last on this side because 
I would like to address some of the thoughtful concerns that were raised by Mr. H
ASTINGS from Florida. I call 
them concerns because I didn’t hear real objections. I think they are legiti-mate concerns that some people have had, and they deserve discussion. We are talking about the rule here. 
He made a suggestion that somehow 
this lifting of the oil export ban bill, H.R. 702, takes the President’s preroga-tive away to deal with a situation at all costs or in every situation. The re-ality is it does reserve a right for the President to reinstate the ban in some sort of an emergency. I want to make sure that that is clarified. 
I also want to clarify that he men-
tioned we are not in regular order, and perhaps he is referring to the Native American Energy Act. I know we have had a couple of hearings since I have been in Congress on that, perhaps not this Congress. I don’t know. I am not on that committee. 
I can tell you that the Energy and 
Commerce Committee has had a hear-ing on H.R. 702, and two other commit-tees have had hearings on similar bills: the Agriculture Committee and the Foreign Affairs Committee. So this has been a thoroughly vetted issue. In fact, with the admonition of Speaker B
OEH-
NER, we really did take a long time 
with this issue to help educate one an-other, those of us from energy States. So I do think we have had a thorough debate on the topic, and I think it is time to have this discussion. 
Coming from North Dakota, I just 
want to tell you that I come from a State that, prior to the energy revolu-tion, or the Bakken revolution, the shale revolution, we were experiencing outmigration and low personal per cap-ita income. Today, we have the second highest personal per capita income in the country. We can’t accept people fast enough to deal with the jobs that are available. We are at a bit of a standstill right now because we are overproducing light sweet crude in this country, which is the type of crude that the global markets are demand-ing, but our domestic markets, because of our refining capacity, are not. 
This is the time to lift this ban, and 
this is the body to do it. I hope we can get to it this afternoon. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, before 
yielding, I would like to correct my-self. 
When I spoke, I spoke about the mi-
nority’s right for a motion to recom-mit, which indeed we do have; but in this particular instance, it is the mi-nority’s right to offer up the previous question, and that is what we are pro-
ceeding under. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE), a gentleman I have known a 
very long time in this institution and care greatly about, a very thoughtful Member. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule and in protest to the Republican lead-ership’s failure to bring commonsense legislation to the floor to stem our Na-tion’s tide of gun violence. 
In the wake of seemingly endless 
mass shootings, Americans of all back-grounds and diverse political beliefs are urging elected officials to stop merely wringing our hands and actu-ally do something that protects our communities. 
One measure that has virtually unan-
imous support is background checks to keep guns out of the hands of crimi-nals, domestic abusers, and the dan-gerously mentally ill. The problem is that our current background check system is rife with loopholes: back-ground checks are not required at gun shows; they are also not required when individuals purchase weapons online. 
The bipartisan King-Thompson back-
ground checks bill would close these egregious loopholes. It is an entirely sensible reform that would have a measurable impact on the safety of our schools and neighborhoods without pre-venting law-abiding citizens from using guns for self-defense or for recreational purposes. 
I wholeheartedly reject the defeatist 
notion that we cannot do anything about our Nation’s gun violence. I ask my colleagues: How much longer must we wait? How many more people have to die to get our attention? How many more American towns and cities must be added to the growing list of places like Columbine, Aurora, Charleston, and Newtown? 
In the last 3 years, we have had some 
20 moments of silence here on the House floor to honor victims of gun vi-olence in the United States. Moments of silence are not enough. Thoughts and prayers are not enough. We need action, and I call on my colleagues to bring the background checks bill to the floor for a vote and to do it now. 
b1400 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ), my good friend 
and a former member of the Committee on Rules. 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, 3 
years ago I was here for a moment of silence on behalf of the 12 killed and the 70 injured in the Aurora movie the-ater. Since that time, we have had at least 55 mass shootings where four or more people were killed and we have had at least 22 moments of silence. 
How many more senseless acts of vio-
lence and hatred must occur before we stand up and take action? How many 
more young, bright lives are going to be cut short because of loopholes in the law? How many more times must we stand on this floor in moments of si-lence, solemnly remembering another victim? How many more times must the flags be lowered at half staff in honor of servicemembers gunned down in their own backyard? 
As important as these moments of re-
flection are, they happen with such regularity, we become numb to their significance. When will this violence end? Why is it we are paralyzed by the very laws that are meant to protect us? 
It is incumbent upon us, as Members 
of Congress, to act and protect our citi-zens from unnecessary gun violence. I appreciated the gentleman from Ala-bama mentioning the violence that his own family has experienced. 
It is time for a dialogue in the spirit 
of civility and compassion, bringing all Americans together to have a discus-sion about peace and safety in our schools, churches, and community cen-ters. We have to begin. We can do this. It requires courage, but we can act to reduce this violence by passing mean-ingful gun violence prevention legisla-tion that respects the Second Amend-ment. 
Last week I joined 147 other Members 
of this body in writing to the Speaker, demanding action on gun violence pre-vention legislation. We demand a vote. Action is needed. I urge the defeat of the rule. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, would 
you be so kind as to advise how much time is remaining on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Florida has 8 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Alabama has 15 minutes remaining. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
4 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ), a 
good friend of mine. He is the ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I oppose 
the rule, and in particular I oppose H.R. 702. Apparently, we have learned nothing over the past 40 years because this bill asks that we forget about oil shortages, oil recessions, and painfully high energy bills. 
Do we really believe that the days of 
$100 per barrel of oil are gone? Do we really believe that our military will never again be called upon to keep vital oil trade routes or production areas open? I wish that were true, but I doubt it. 
Until we reduce our dependence on 
oil, we should retain control over our domestic oil resources. Our Nation is not energy independent. We still use a great deal of oil and other petroleum products. 
Our transportation sector is still ex-
tremely vulnerable to price increases, whether we are talking about certainly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.024 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6908 October 8, 2015 
individual drivers, certainly our air-
lines or freight companies. 
Our manufacturing sector is vulner-
able, also. China may now be the larg-est importer of oil, but we are still the world’s largest consumer of oil. This policy is not just about whether we open up trade on another commodity. It is a matter of national security and economic security. It is in our national interest that we can and do export crude oil and refined petroleum prod-ucts now. 
When we export refined products, we 
gain the extra benefit of jobs in the re-fining industry as well as those in oil production. This bill eliminates Presi-dential authority to restrict trade in crude oil. 
It allows decisions about oil exports 
to be made by the oil companies, and they put a higher value on their profits than on our national security, our United States consumers, or our envi-ronment. 
The oil companies see this window of 
low global oil prices as the opportunity to lift the ban on crude exports. The advocates for this policy point to the current slowdown in new drilling activ-ity as evidence that our export policy is eliminating jobs in oil production. 
The fact remains that oil is a global 
commodity and the global market price for a barrel of oil is no better than the price here in the United States. When oil is under $50 per barrel, wells that are marginal or with higher costs will be capped until the price rises. That situation will not change by exporting to any already oversupplied global market. 
But what happens when Asia’s de-
mand for oil increases, as it surely will, and the global price again climbs into the $100 per barrel range? That is an excellent opportunity to sell as much as possible on the global market, a windfall for the oil companies and an 
economic downturn for us. 
This policy change benefits a few of 
the wealthiest companies on this plan-et. There is no benefit for consumers. We will put our national security at risk, and certainly jobs and infrastruc-ture in the refining industry and other industries as well will be hurt. 
Exports of oil, in fact, and any of our 
strategically important resources should be in our national interest. Big Oil gets more than their share of sub-sidy from the United States’ taxpayers. They do not need this additional wind-fall, and consumers and taxpayers can-not—simply cannot—afford to provide it. 
I urge you to reject this rule and to 
oppose H.R. 702. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I was lis-
tening to the gentleman talk, and he was talking about how this might have a negative impact on American con-sumers with regard to gas prices. I would remind the House that even President Obama’s own Department of Energy found that increased oil exports would help lower gas prices. 
The gentleman also mentioned what 
this might do to the security of the United States. A member of President 
Clinton’s Cabinet has said this will en-hance the security of the United States by strengthening our hand in Central and Eastern Europe. 
I have listened to the gentleman. I 
respect his views, but I must say that I think the evidence that comes to us from Democratic administrations proves that what he said is really not accurate. 
Mr. Speaker, we have no additional 
speakers. So if the gentleman is pre-pared to close, he may do so. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
My Republican friends argue that 
these bills will encourage growth and investment in our Nation’s energy markets, local communities, and econ-omy and are, therefore, important measures that we must address even as we face a highway trust fund that will become insolvent in a matter of weeks as well as another looming government shutdown in December. 
All the while, those same individuals 
refuse to authorize the Export-Import Bank’s charter, an entity that has cre-ated and sustained 1.5 million Amer-ican jobs since 2007 at no cost to the taxpayer. 
Passing a responsible budget, deliv-
ering on a long-term transportation bill, and reauthorizing the Ex-Im Bank will encourage the growth and invest-ment that my friends speak of. The time to deliver on our promises to the American people is long overdue. 
I call on House Republicans to stop 
wasting our time with legislation that rolls back long-held environmental protections—and stand almost certain veto threats—and take up the impor-tant measures that I mentioned. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, I want to re-
turn to this notion of the previous question with reference to gun vio-lence. 
I believe in the Second Amendment. I 
own a gun. When I was a child, at age 7, I had a Red Ryder BB gun. When I was 12, I had a single-shot .22 rifle. I be-lieve in every citizen’s right to own a gun, and I believe my colleagues here on this side believe the same thing. 
If every man, woman, and child is ac-
counted for in the estimate of guns that are in this country, that would be more than 330 million. There are some people in our society who believe that somebody is going to come and take their guns. I wonder who that person would be. 
Would it be a President of the United 
States? Would it be the military? Are they going to go and take the guns from their moms, their brothers, their sons, their fathers? That is foolish. 
We need to stop this madness. Doing 
nothing in the face of all of this epi-demic violence that we are experi-encing allows that not only is this House dysfunctional in many of its par-ticulars, but it is frozen in its indiffer-ence to the gun violence in this coun-try. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
American technology is a marvel in 
the world. We Americans figure out how to solve problems by using tech-nology. 
Just a few years ago we were strug-
gling with how we were going to get enough energy into this country from other places, and now, because of the changes to the American people, we figured out the technologies it takes to be able to exploit energy resources right here. 
It is almost like a miracle. We get to 
become energy independent where we won’t have to get energy from other places. In fact, we found so much en-ergy that we are in a position where we can export it and benefit our economy and people in America with more jobs. 
Now, I have got to tell you some-
thing: I am proud to be American for a lot of reasons, but there is a great rea-son right there. 
Our ingenuity solved this problem 
and created opportunities that we couldn’t have dreamt of, but the Fed-eral Government is standing in the way. We can’t fully do what we need to do here. 
There are many things in the way, 
but we are trying to deal with just two of them today. One of them is the limi-tations we put on the sovereign tribal nations that my friend from Florida so eloquently spoke about. 
We put limitations on them and their 
ability to develop energy resources on their land. It is their land. Let them develop it. There are a couple good things from that. One of them is all of us in America get the benefit from that. As we develop any part of our en-ergy sector, it benefits all of us. 
Secondly, it benefits those people in 
those tribal nations. They are not ask-ing for the Federal Government to give them something. They are asking for the Federal Government to get out of the way so they can do something for themselves. I think we ought to cele-brate that in America and give them that opportunity. 
The second bill removes a decades- 
old ban on oil exports. I am old enough to remember the 1970s. I remember waiting in a gas line and not being able to get gas, but that was then with the technology we had then, not now with the technology and the proven reserves we have now. 
I don’t want to shoulder my children 
with limitations based upon tech-nology or technological understanding we had when I was their age. As they tell me all the time: Daddy, we have moved on. We have moved on in a very positive way in this particular aspect. 
So it is time to get the dead hand of 
the past off of our energy industry so it can start doing the things it has so mi-raculously proven that it can do. 
I urge everybody in this House to 
support this rule. I urge everybody in this House to support both of these un-derlying bills. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.026 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6909 October 8, 2015 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. H ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 466 O FFERED BY  
MR. HASTINGS OF FLORIDA  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1217) to protect Second Amendment rights, ensure that all individ-uals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, and provide a responsible and consistent back-ground check process. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Com-mittee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 1217. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] 
has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule ....  When the 
motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 244, nays 183, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 541] 
YEAS—244 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline 
Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Conyers 
Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham 
Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.028 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6910 October 8, 2015 
Lee 
Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Cleaver 
Connolly Dingell Hudson 
Sinema Vela Wilson (SC) 
b1442 
Mr. RIGELL changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. W
ILSON  
of South Carolina was allowed to speak out of order.) 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE  
SOUTH CAROLINA FLOOD  
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, fellow Members of Congress, the people of South Carolina have faced an unprecedented, catastrophic weather event, also known as a 1,000- year rain, exceeding 20 inches virtually overnight, causing flooding and wide-spread damage. We are grateful for your thoughts and prayers. 
The flooding and rain destroyed 
homes and roads, collapsed bridges, and broke dams across the State; 400 roads and bridges are still closed. Tragically, to date, the flooding has claimed the lives of nearly 20 citizens across the Carolinas. We ask for your thoughts and prayers for their families. 
We are grateful for the strength of 
the people of South Carolina, led by Governor Nikki Haley and Adjutant General Bob Livingston. 
We are inspired by people like Aaron 
and Amy Dupree, with their four small children, who were rescued by boat from their home in Columbia’s Lake Katherine community by their neigh-bor, Brian Boyer. 
You will hear stories of incredible 
acts of volunteerism, like Kassy Alia, the widow of Forest Acres Police Offi-cer Greg Alia who was murdered last week, leaving her and their 5-month- old son, Sal. Despite her grief, she joined others in distributing food to those in need. 
Wherever you go, you will find heroes 
like these and hear about the service of the first responders, emergency per-sonnel, officials, and State employees 
who have worked tirelessly to aid our community. 
We appreciate that Homeland Secu-
rity Secretary Jeh Johnson will lead a fact-finding delegation with members of our delegation to our State tomor-row. 
I yield to the gentleman from South 
Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ). If he is not 
available, I just want to thank him for his service. We look forward to being on the delegation with him tomorrow. 
God bless South Carolina, and I ask 
my colleagues to stand and join me in a moment of silence. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers will rise for a moment of silence. 
Without objection, 5-minute voting 
will continue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 244, noes 185, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 542] 
AYES—244 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—185 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley 
Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter 
Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC7.006 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6911 October 8, 2015 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cleaver 
Dingell Gibson 
Hudson Sinema 
b1456 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NATIVE AMERICAN ENERGY ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill H.R. 538. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alaska? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 466 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 538. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ) to 
preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1458 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 538) to facilitate the development of energy on Indian lands by reducing Federal regu-lations that impede tribal development of Indian lands, and for other purposes, with Mr. R
OUZER in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Alaska (Mr. 
Y
OUNG ) and the gentleman from Ari-
zona (Mr. G RIJALVA ) each will control 
30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alaska. 
b1500 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 538 has been in the works for 
several years. This is not a bill that came out of nowhere. Its provisions are the result of oversight hearings and consultation with Indian tribes and Alaska Native Corporations. The bill streamlines Federal permitting for, and increases tribal control over, en-ergy and other natural resource devel-opment on Indian lands. It gives tribes options to perform or waive appraisals of their lands and prohibits the Inte-rior Department’s hydraulic fracturing from applying to Indian lands without the consent of the tribe. 
It also contains provisions to stream-
line judicial review and deter frivolous lawsuits concerning Federal permit-ting for Native American energy 
projects. The judicial review provisions are crucial for Alaska Natives, whose ability to develop their land claims settlement lands has been abused by special interest groups filing lawsuits. 
The bill also authorizes a pilot 
project for the Navajo Nation to handle mineral leasing of its trust lands if In-terior approves its tribal leasing pro-gram. 
Finally, Mr. Chairman, H.R. 538 pro-
motes tribal forest stewardship con-tracting on Federal lands adjacent to Indian reservation land to provide a full supply of biomass energy for the tribes. 
This summer, the GAO issued a re-
port called ‘‘Indian Energy Develop-ment—Poor Management by BIA Has Hindered Energy Department on Indian Lands.’’ Here a couple of the high-lights: 
‘‘The BIA does not have comprehen-
sive data to identify ownership and re-sources available for development, does not have a documented process or data to track and monitor its review and re-sponse times, and some offices do not have the skills or adequate staff re-sources to effectively review energy-re-lated documents.’’ 
‘‘In 2012, Interior’s inspector general 
found that weaknesses in BIA’s man-agement of oil and gas resources con-tributed to a general preference by in-dustry to acquire oil and gas leases on non-Indian lands over Indian lands.’’ 
This is a jobs bill. It provides energy 
for America, and more than that, it takes care of the tribal community that has been blessed with resources. In some Indian reservations, where un-employment rates are 50 percent, en-ergy jobs are the only high-wage, pri-vate sector jobs available for members. These energy jobs dollars go a long way in supporting families. 
The Native American Energy Act is 
strongly supported by a broad array of Native organizations as well as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, specifi-cally, the National Congress of Amer-ican Indians, the Affiliated Tribes of Northwest Indians, the Intertribal Timber Council, Navajo Nation, South-ern Ute Indian Tribe, Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation, Three Affiliated Tribes of the Fort Berthold Reservation, and the Ute Tribe of Utah. 
I am a little bit surprised that the 
White House has issued a statement against this bill. Really, it is not any-thing new. I always listen to this ad-ministration’s ‘‘all of the above but none of the below’’ as far as energy 
goes. In other words, the administra-tion promotes only wind and solar, while opposing oil, gas, and coal on Na-tions’ lands—Nations’ lands. 
In the Dakotas, it takes 15 permits 
on tribal lands and 2 off of tribal lands. That is a disgrace, and I suggest, with 56 million acres of land, there ought to be the ability to be self-determined, be the first Americans, with the ability to take and produce energy, and help their tribal members out. Those that oppose this, it is the same 
old story: don’t get too smart; we will give you a side of beef and a blanket. Don’t let us help ourselves, let the gov-ernment tell you what to do. 
This is a good piece of legislation. 
This did not come from me. This came from the Native tribes themselves. It is an example, as we have trust author-ity, we should let them control their own destiny. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, frankly, we are still 
not addressing the most pressing needs in Indian Country. Six years later, the Carcieri decision still has not been fixed, despite much lipservice that has been given to it from the majority. 
Our colleague Mr. C
OLEand our col-
league Ms. M CCOLLUM both have legis-
lation, bipartisan legislation, that would deal with that immediately. We should call that up. We should have a hearing, and we should deal with this decision that has left so much doubt and confusion in Indian Country. 
Sacred sites are in need of identifica-
tion and protection rather than mid-night riders attached to unrelated leg-islation that violates tribal sacred site protections, as has happened already. Lack of funding from this body coupled with sequestration has left Indian health and education really with no re-lief in site. 
Yes, barriers to energy development 
on Indian land are among the most pressing needs, both as an economic driver for tribes and for the energy needs of the United States. But this bill does not address the real energy needs on tribal lands, and while we are wasting time on it, these other, and even more pressing needs, just con-tinue to grow more urgent. 
The legislation claims to facilitate 
energy development, but, instead, it short-circuits the review process set up by the National Environmental Policy Act, NEPA, and limits judicial review of development decisions. Instead of helping tribes develop energy resources on their lands, this approach will lead to less environmental protection on In-dian lands and less judicial recourse to those affected. 
These proposals are not new. We have 
seen and debated them before as part of the failed Republican energy bills last Congress, and here they are again. The legislation would amend NEPA, one of the Nation’s bedrock environmental laws, to limit review of and comment on proposed projects to members of the affected Indian tribe and other individ-uals residing within an undetermined affected area. This limitation severely restricts public involvement in pro-posed Federal projects that may affect the environment, a central tenet of NEPA. 
Arbitrarily limiting such review and 
comment would prevent even other In-dian tribes with cultural ties in the so- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC7.005 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6912 October 8, 2015 
called affected area from commenting 
on a proposed project. Limiting the universe of members of the public who can participate in the NEPA process but then failing to actually define that universe is not reform. It is not reform at all. 
Additionally, this restriction is not 
just applicable to energy projects; it applies to any major project on Indian lands. This could mean proposed min-ing contracts, proposed water develop-ment projects, construction of solid waste facilities, and even construction of tribal class III gaming facilities all would slip through this undefined loop-hole. Nontribal partners would also reap this benefit as well, as long as the project is located on Indian lands. 
The legislation also throws up insur-
mountable barriers to those seeking to hold the Federal Government account-able for its actions in court. It prevents the recovery of attorney’s fees in cases 
challenging energy projects, and it makes a claimant who fails to succeed on the merits of a suit potentially lia-ble to the defendant for attorneys’ fees and costs. This makes it extremely dif-ficult, if not impossible, for members of the public—even tribal members whose homelands may be impacted by a major Federal action of any kind—to seek judicial review. 
The other side will say this is in re-
sponse to frivolous lawsuits that have been filed in these cases in the past, but according to the Department of the Interior Solicitor’s Office, very few ap-proved energy-related projects have ever been challenged in court. This is truly a solution in search of a problem. It is clear the real intent of this provi-sion is to chill legitimate litigation and to undermine the real teeth of NEPA by making the availability of in-junctive relief all but disappear. 
Furthermore, this applies even to 
non-Indian land. If an energy company is developing natural resources any-where in the United States and they get a tribal partner, they can fall under this provision. This could incentivize energy companies to partner with tribes simply for the benefit of skirting NEPA and profiting from restricted ju-dicial review. 
The legislation is opposed by the ad-
ministration, as well as many environ-mental and conservation groups. I 
enter the following letter of opposition to this legislation into the R
ECORD , 
which has been signed by the Alaska Wilderness League, Center for Biologi-cal Diversity, Defenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice, Green Latinos, The Lands Council, League of Conservation Voters, National Parks Conservation Association, Natural Resources De-fense Council, Northern Alaska Envi-ronmental Center, San Juan Citizens Alliance, Sierra Club, Western Envi-ronmental Law Center, and The Wil-derness Society. ALASKA WILDERNESS LEAGUE , CEN-
TER FOR BIOLOGICAL DIVERSITY , 
DEFENDERS OF WILDLIFE , 
EARTHJUSTICE , G REEN LATINOS , 
THELANDS COUNCIL , LEAGUE OF  
CONSERVATION VOTERS , NATIONAL  
PARKS CONSERVATION ASSOCIA -
TION, N ATURAL RESOURCES DE-
FENSE COUNCIL , NORTHERN ALAS-
KAENVIRONMENTAL CENTER , SAN 
JUAN CITIZENS ALLIANCE , SIERRA  
CLUB, W ESTERN ENVIRONMENTAL  
LAWCENTER , T HEWILDERNESS  
SOCIETY , 
September 9, 2015. 
Chairman R OBBISHOP , 
Ranking Member R AU´LGRIJALVA , 
House Natural Resources Committee, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN BISHOP AND RANKING MEM-
BERGRIJALVA : On behalf of our millions of 
members and supporters, we write to express our strong concerns with H.R. 538, the ‘‘Na-tive American Energy Act.’’ The bill pur-ports to promote and encourage increased energy production on tribal lands by reduc-ing government barriers and streamlining burdensome procedures. While we are not op-posed to the development of energy projects on tribal lands under the law, this bill goes far beyond that by severely limiting public involvement in the development of any major project on tribal lands, as well as by insulating potentially environmentally dev-astating energy projects on tribal lands (or even projects done in partnership with an In-dian tribe on non-tribal lands) from judicial review. It further erodes the public interest by diminishing its full authority to conduct appraisals, especially in the context of land exchanges between the federal government and an Alaska Native Corporation. Given the problems with these provisions, we ask that you oppose H.R. 538. 
We are particularly concerned with Sec-
tions 2, 4, and 5 of this legislation. 
Section 2 would diminish the public inter-
est by allowing state-chartered, for-profit corporations to gain full authority to con-duct appraisals, especially in the context of 
land exchanges between the federal govern-ment and an Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act (ANCSA) corporation. Many land swaps have been very controversial in Alas-ka, including in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. 
Section 4 would amend the National Envi-
ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA) by mandating that Environmental Impact Statements (EISs) for any federal action on tribal lands by an Indian tribe ‘‘shall only be available for review and comment by the members of the Indian tribe and by any other individual residing within the affected area.’’ This provision would severely under-mine one of the most basic tenets of NEPA: to facilitate public involvement in decision making. Additionally, this limitation is ap-plicable to more than energy projects; it ap-plies to any major project on tribal land by a native community. By its terms, section 4 applies to the lands of Native Corporations transferred under the provisions of ANCSA, or associated land trades. For example, if passed into law, this section would limit public participation in a broad range of EISs: Clean Water Act 404 permits for any purpose; highway projects; energy or any other fed-eral project; or funding of any project on tribal lands by an native community. Fur-thermore, the provision would allow for sig-nificantly limiting the defined ‘‘affected area’’ such that some members of the public would be excluded from commenting on a draft EIS. This would artificially limit what the agency might learn about the potential impacts of its project, leading to uninformed decision making. Section 5 aims at insulating energy related 
projects from judicial review by placing se-vere restrictions on the time in which to file claims and making the pursuit of any legal challenge overwhelmingly cost-prohibitive. In addition to curtailing the amount of time an individual or group has to challenge the decision to only 60 days, Section 5 further re-stricts judicial review by requiring plaintiffs to pay the attorney’s fees and costs of the defendants if they do not ‘‘ultimately pre-vail.’’ Furthermore, even where plaintiffs are successful in their challenge, this section precludes them from winning awards typi-cally provided for through the Equal Access to Justice Act (EAJA) and the Treasury De-partment’s Judgment Fund. EAJA and the Judgment Fund costs are incredibly impor-tant in cases which seek non-monetary re-lief, such as those involving environmental protection and public health issues. These funds make the courts accessible to the indi-vidual citizen, non-profit organization, small business, or public interest group that would otherwise lack the financial ability to chal-lenge large corporations or the federal gov-ernment, who are harming their commu-nities or environment in the name of energy development. For over three decades, the fi-
nancial backstop provided for under EAJA and the Judgment Fund has meant that ac-cess to the courts is not limited to those with deep pockets. By eliminating the abil-ity of parties to utilize EAJA or the Judg-ment Fund, H.R. 538 prevents such individ-uals or organizations from bringing cases that challenge harmful or illegal energy re-lated projects. Section 5 creates insurmount-able barriers to justice at the expense of the American public and rejects equal access to the courts in favor of a perverse pay-to-play system. 
Additionally, Section 5 defines ‘‘energy re-
lated action’’ broadly so as to ensure the re-strictive judicial review provisions of this section apply equally to projects on tribal land as well as those energy projects on non- tribal lands where at least one tribe is in-volved. This invites the partnering of energy corporations with native communities for the purpose of limiting judicial review. 
Finally, Section 9 of the bill would elimi-
nate health and environmental protections established by the Department of the Inte-rior in rules regarding hydraulic fracturing. Those living on and near tribal lands would possibly be subjected to heightened risk of spills, underground contamination from toxic chemicals, weakened air quality, re-duced well construction standards, and other benefits from DOI’s updates to long out-of- date rules. 
We recognize the self-determination frame-
work for federally recognized tribal govern-ments and tribal members, but it is impor-tant to ensure that development decisions adequately address all of the impacts of those decisions, some of which occur well be-yond the project site, and that the public has the ability to participate. H.R. 538 elimi-nates broad public participation for projects on tribal land, including ANCSA Corporation lands. Further, it will have a significant chilling effect on the ability of the public (including tribal members) to seek judicial review of a decision related to an energy project on Indian land or proposed by (or done in partnership with) an Indian tribe to ensure that the project complies with the law. For these reasons, we ask that you op-pose H.R. 538. 
Sincerely, 
Alaska Wilderness League, Center for Bio-
logical Diversity, Defenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice, Green Latinos, The Lands Council, League of Conservation Voters, Na-tional Parks Conservation Association, Nat-ural Resources Defense Council, Northern 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.034 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6913 October 8, 2015 
Alaska Environmental Center, San Juan 
Citizens Alliance, Sierra Club, Western Envi-ronmental Law Center, The Wilderness Soci-ety. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, in-
stead of using energy development on Indian land as an excuse to weaken NEPA and judicial review, we should be concentrating our efforts on real re-form that would achieve tribal self-de-termination and energy development. We should be dealing with the dispari-ties in the Tax Code that stymie in-vestments in Indian Country and cre-ate an unfair playing field. Tax credits and incentives for energy development that cities and communities have long used to their benefit, these need to be available to tribes as well. We should be encouraging investment in the fu-ture of renewable energy on tribal lands. 
According to the Department of En-
ergy Office of Indian Energy, Indian land contains an estimated 5 percent of all renewable energy resources, and the total energy potential from these re-sources is almost 14 percent of the total U.S. potential. In my home State of Arizona, there is a great potential for solar, wind, and geothermal energy on Indian land. We just need to fix the real issues that prohibit the invest-ment in these projects. 
But this bill doesn’t do that. Instead, 
the majority is here today to once again attack NEPA and judicial re-view, this time attempting to use this as a wedge issue, attempting to drive a wedge between people that care about tribal self-determination as well as en-vironmental stewardship. 
Picking between tribal sovereignty 
and responsible energy development is a false choice. We can have both. We can have successful energy develop-ment in Indian Country while retaining the environmental protections that will ensure future generations of Na-tive Americans that they, too, can enjoy the benefits of that economic de-velopment. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to abandon this irresponsible proposal in favor of a real tribal energy bill. In the meantime, I would plead with my colleagues to bring legislation to the floor addressing Indian health care, In-dian education programs, a codified process for tribal consultation with Federal agencies that respects sov-ereignty and upholds the trust respon-sibility that we have to Indian Coun-try, and a fix—finally, a fix—for the current cloud hanging over the status of so many trust lands. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, I would like to mention one thing. I do have an amendment for a future day—I am speaking to the gen-tleman—on NEPA. We don’t change the NEPA policy at all, other than the fact that only those affected can have com-ments on how it affects their land, not a bunch of people from New York or Maine or Dallas or Florida. So that is really a red herring that was drug 
across this bill. This is to help the tribes. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ), my good chairman 
of the full committee. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I appreciate the gentleman from Alas-ka yielding. 
There are some Native American 
tribes that do not rely on gaming alone for their source of revenue. They can’t. It is amazing how often we hear, deal-ing with North American Native tribes, all of a sudden give lipservice that we would like to empower them, until they actually have a chance to do so; and then, all of a sudden, we change. We are talking about a lot of tribes who have a great deal of land but very little employment. 
This bill, in fact, is based on rec-
ommendations that come from Indian Country. By that, I don’t mean the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs, because they, shamefully, oppose this bill. I do mean groups like Southern Utah Utes, the Confederated Tribes of Colville, the Na-tional Congress of American Indians, the Affiliated Tribes of Northwest Indi-ans, and community groups like the Chamber of Commerce. All of those people are realizing the importance of this particular bill in empowering Na-tive Americans in this Nation. 
I hope we do not turn this into a par-
tisan affair by saying, by voting ‘‘no’’ on this bill, you might get three Demo-crat callers on C–SPAN to support your vote. But it still does not make that right. We need to do something dif-ferently. 
In these areas in which the potential 
employment is based on agriculture, mining, and energy, we don’t need more regulations on the Native Ameri-cans than there are on everybody else. We don’t need duplicative regulations on them more than anybody else. In-stead, we need to streamline that so they can be successful in charting their own destiny and making their own choices. 
Far too often we have too many peo-
ple, unfortunately, with titles around this place that still have a paternal-istic attitude toward Native Ameri-cans. That attitude has to change. This is what this bill does. 
It is amazing. Sometimes when this 
administration says, well, if it deals with marijuana, they are a Native tribe, they are a sovereign country, let them do what they want to; but if it deals with agriculture and mining, well, not so fast. That is public lands. We still need to have some kind of con-trol over that. 
That is the problem: pot, yes; energy, 
no. That doesn’t work. We need these people to be able to make decisions for themselves. 
I appreciate the chairman of the sub-
committee mentioning that he does have an amendment on NEPA which does solve those problems. This is not a NEPA issue. This is an issue on wheth-er we truly believe in empowering Na-
tive Americans so they can make deci-sions for themselves and help their own people. 
b1515 
I had a chairman of a tribe who sat in 
my room and wisely said: I don’t care what game we play. I just want to know what the ball looks like. 
This bill gives them a chance to see 
the ball. It gives the Native Americans a chance to approve the design of the ball. More importantly, it gives them a chance to win. 
So, Lucy, please, just before contact, 
don’t pull the ball away. Let the Na-tive Americans win. This bill gives them an opportunity to win and chart their own destiny. That is why they support it, and that is why we should vote for it. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The GAO report has mentioned many 
times about the rationale behind and the catalyst behind this particular leg-islation; yet, the conclusion, which I agree with, is that we are not living up to our responsibilities as it applies to energy development on Indian land. 
But reading the recommendations, 
nowhere does it say that the solution to the problem is to gut NEPA or to stifle judicial recourse. Instead, the recommendations talk about resources that are needed by Indian Country to successfully fulfill their obligations and responsibilities to their members. It talks about staffing shortages, out-dated mapping systems, and the need to ensure that the BIA can provide sup-port to the tribes on energy programs. 
These are things the BIA has asked 
for in their budget and that the Presi-dent’s budget sent over has requested time and time again. Funding these re-quests go unheeded by this majority. 
So it is disingenuous, as the majority 
does time and time again, to starve an agency or a program of needed funding and then to complain that that agency program is ineffective. 
It is also disingenuous to say that 
the responsibility to work with and honor our trust responsibility to In-dian Country is down to the choice in this legislation whether you vote ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no.’’ 
As I stated in my opening statement, 
there is a litany of pressing issues that face Indian Country and Native Ameri-cans in our Nation, a litany of benign neglect for many, many years, of which all bear responsibility. 
But with that responsibility comes 
also the opportunity to act. The fix is necessary so that fact is quelled on a bad Supreme Court decision. We need the adequate funding so that the trust responsibility that we inherit as Mem-bers of Congress is upheld. 
We need programs of infrastructure 
in Indian Country. We need many, many issues to address not only the human need, but the economic needs of Indian Country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC7.007 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6914 October 8, 2015 
To say that this bill is the watershed 
moment that is going to turn all that benign neglect and irresponsibility backwards is disingenuous at best. 
I would suggest let’s talk about a 
real comprehensive approach to the issue of Indian Country and the sup-port this Congress needs to give to our trust responsibility. 
If we do that, I am sure all of us col-
lectively can come to the same conclu-sion, that we need to do something and that there is before us legislation from both sides of the aisle that begin to ad-dress it. 
This legislation is not it. It is not a 
panacea. And to pit the trust responsi-bility this Congress has and to ques-tion whether sovereignty is supported or not by Members that oppose this is not fair. 
The fairness in this would have been 
an energy bill that is comprehensive. The fairness would have been not to gut NEPA, judicial review, and present a bill that is clean and upholds bedrock environmental laws and—and it is not complicated—uphold the trust respon-sibility that we have when we swear an oath of office to serve in this Congress. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, at this time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ). 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in support of the Na-tive American Energy Act. 
Having an all-of-the-above energy 
policy means all people in all commu-nities. Each community across the country should have the opportunity to unleash the natural resources closest to them to help meet their energy needs. For those of us in the Pacific Northwest, it means encouraging bio-mass. 
We have just had a devastating wild-
fire season, and the issue of forest health continues to be on the forefront. Fallen trees, overgrowth, and general mismanagement have led to worsening fire seasons. 
By encouraging forest products for 
biomass, we would add and have a ben-efit of reducing forest fire risk by keep-ing our lands healthier, in addition to creating a stable energy source. 
This legislation allows a pilot project 
to encourage greater biomass produc-tion on tribal forestland. In my district in eastern Washington, it would help the confederated tribes of the Colville Reservation, who already play a very active role in forest management, get new tools at their disposal to maintain the health of the adjacent forest to the reservation. It would help them de-velop energy and, most importantly, help them protect their homeland. 
I am proud to support this legislation 
and encourage my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, at this time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IP-
TON). 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to give my voice in strong sup-port for the Native American Energy Act. 
I would also like to be able to thank 
Chairman Y
OUNG and Chairman B ISHOP  
for their leadership and support of Na-tive American energy development. 
Energy resource development on Na-
tive American lands is important and becoming increasingly significant year after year. For example, in 2014, re-sponsible conventional energy develop-ment on Native American lands alone generated revenues of $24 billion. 
This revenue figure does not include 
renewable energy development on trib-al lands, which is the potential to in-crease revenues, jobs, and household incomes for Native American commu-nities. 
I am privileged to be able to rep-
resent the Southern Ute Indian Tribe located in southwest Colorado. Some of my colleagues know that the Southern Ute Indian Tribe is a model of tribal governance and economic development. The tribe is widely known as the pre-mier natural gas developer and the largest employer in the region. 
I am extremely proud that the 
Southern Ute Indian Tribe continues to take the lead in demanding that the Federal Government respect self-deter-mination and tribal decisionmaking when it comes to energy and environ-mental regulation. 
To his credit, Chairman Y
OUNG con-
tinues to hold numerous oversight hearings and legislative hearings to allow tribal leaders to illustrate the challenges they face daily as they at-tempt to develop their natural re-sources so that they can provide pro-grams, services, and jobs for their na-tions. 
The result is H.R. 538, which will re-
move a number of these barriers. The legislation streamlines the appraisal 
process that must be undertaken by the Department of Interior because the status quo has resulted in delays that have caused the tribe to miss out on royalty payments totaling more than $95 million. 
The legislation also amends the Trib-
al Forest Protection Act of 2004, to di-rect the Department of Interior to enter into agreements with tribes to carry out demonstration projects that promote biomass energy production on Native American forestland and in nearby communities by providing tribes with reliable supplies of woody biomass from Federal lands. 
It also prohibits the Interior rule re-
garding hydraulic fracturing from hav-ing any effect on land held in trust or restricted status for Native Americans, except with the express consent of the Indian beneficiaries. The Southern Ute’s repeated attempts to ensure trib-al lands were not included in this mis-guided rule were completely dis-regarded by this administration. 
Fortunately, H.R. 538 promotes Na-
tive American self-determination, strengthens tribal sovereignty, and re-
inforces our commitment to tribal self- sufficiency. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
vital legislation. 
Once again, I thank Chairman Y
OUNG  
for his leadership and Chairman B ISHOP  
on this issue. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, at this time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to express my support of this commonsense legislation. 
This bill empowers Native Americans 
to invest in their communities, their people, and their resources as they see fit without the heavy hand of Wash-ington bureaucracy trying to insert itself between them and their own land. 
Under current policy, potential re-
source development on tribal lands face many obstacles that projects on private or State lands do not. 
Before entering into a lease agree-
ment with energy developers on their own land, a tribe must first attempt to navigate the long, slow, and duplica-tive process of the Department of Inte-rior’s approval. This process can be fraught with litigation and delays that chase away potential investments and crush otherwise viable projects. 
The Native American Energy Act 
streamlines many of the duplicative Federal regulatory hurdles that pre-vent tribes or individuals from profit-ably developing energy resources on their land. 
This will provide tribes with greater 
control over how they best develop their own natural resources and allow them to do so in ways that will best benefit their communities, not a D.C. bureaucrat’s ideology. 
Because of the commonsense and em-
powering reforms it contains, this bill has widespread support from the Indian tribes. It is odd that the only groups on record in opposition to this bill are the Obama administration and some Demo-cratic members of the Natural Re-sources Committee. 
Why does the administration con-
tinue to insist that bureaucrats from their comfy leather chairs and marble offices in Washington, D.C., know more about how to manage Indian land than the tribes themselves? 
If Congress is actually serious about 
supporting tribal efforts to generate high-paying jobs and improving the ev-eryday standard of living in American Indian communities, this bill is a real, concrete way to empower them to do so. 
I commend the chairman and the 
committee for their work on this bill. I strongly urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.037 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6915 October 8, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, at this time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman from Alaska for bring-ing this legislation forward. 
In my hometown of Hobbs, New Mex-
ico, truck drivers are making $100,000 a year. They don’t have to have a college degree, not even a high school diploma. And, yet, we limit this sort of oppor-tunity on tribal lands. This bill is fair-ly simple. Simply let them free. Let them free to develop their lands in the way they want to. 
I heard one of my colleagues say that 
there are no frivolous lawsuits. Just this week the WildEarth Guardians were found to have filed a frivolous lawsuit on matters such as these, try-ing to stop development, trying to hold things up. The judge said this is frivo-lous. It is the WildEarth Guardians v. Kirkpatrick decision that is very re-cent. 
We are told that there are a litany of 
issues that we should be dealing with. I will tell you that Native Americans are sophisticated enough to take care of their own problems. They just need the opportunity to have jobs. They need the opportunity for economic de-velopment inside their own nations. 
Just recently we hosted in New Mex-
ico a gathering of different tribes who are looking at investments in oil and gas. One lady said: My son is working in North Dakota for $60,000 a year, and he should be working here on the res-ervation in the oil and gas industry for $60,000 a year. That is the urgency that I am sensing on the reservations. 
The reservations are beginning to 
build their own houses, and they are doing magnificent work. They are be-coming self-determined. But we here in Washington say we know better. Mr. Y
OUNG ’s bill says that we don’t know 
better. 
Just let them develop what they 
want. Take the shackles off, take the chains loose, and let the American spirit that is on the reservations live and breathe. It is a very simple con-cept, but one some have a very difficult time accepting. 
I say vote for H.R. 538 and put them 
free. 
b1530 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. I just want to note that the Democrats on the Natural Resources Committee filed several amendments to this bill. We felt our Members were squarely within the House rules. 
Sadly, the majority on Rules failed 
to make any of their amendments in order. One of these rejected amend-ments would have fixed the terrible mess created by the decision in Carcieri. 
If you want to help tribes in a legiti-
mate, coequal way control their own lands and move closer and closer to self-determination, you have to address this problem. It is telling that my 
friends on the other side have refused to even address the bill or to have a le-gitimate hearing on the bill. 
Let me just in closing address the 
Statement of Administrative Policy. 
While the administration supports the 
need to facilitate energy development in In-dian Country, it does not support H.R. 538, the Native American Energy Act. This bill would undermine public participation and transparency of review of projects on Indian lands under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act, set unrealistic deadlines, and re-move oversight for appraisals of Indian lands or trust assets, and prohibit awards under the Equal Access to Justice Act or payment of fees or expenses to a plaintiff from the judgment fund in an energy-related action. 
By foreclosing the judgment fund, this pro-
vision would negatively impact the Indian Affairs budget that is intended to serve all tribes. In addition, this bill’s changes to mineral leasing loss applicable to Navajo Na-tions land may adversely affect energy de-velopment on these lands. 
The bill also stipulates that Indian lands 
are exempt from the Department of the Inte-rior’s hydraulic fracking rule. That rule al-ready contains the provision allowing for variances from the rules requirements when 
tribal laws meet or exceed the rule stand-ards. 
The rule approach both protects environ-
mental and trust resources while also pro-tecting decisionmaking of the tribes. Over-all, H.R. 538 would not ensure diligent devel-opment of resources on Indian land. 
The administration appreciates the com-
mittee’s efforts to address energy needs in Indian Country. Income from energy devel-opment is one of the largest sources of rev-enue generated from trust lands, and delays in development translate to delays in profits to Indian mineral rights owners. 
The administration has been taking mean-
ingful action to update the leasing process for lands held in trust for Indian tribes and is actively working to expedite appraisals, leasing, and permitting on Indian lands, and to provide resources to ensure safe and re-sponsible development. 
The administration looks forward to work-
ing with Congress to develop the reforms necessary to support this development. 
The point is that this legislation is a 
rush to judgment. It is a gift, in a sense, when you exempt from the judi-cial review and from NEPA the explo-ration and production of energy on In-dian land. As coequals, these environ-mental protections and public proc-esses are intended for all. 
So rather than be patronizing, as co-
equals and within our trust responsi-bility, this bill should be rejected. We should work on comprehensive energy opportunity legislation that truly rec-ognizes self-determination for all mem-bers of tribes, provided the environ-mental, public health, and judicial processes would guarantee them that they would be treated equal under the law. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Madam Chair, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
In closing, I suggest one thing. This 
bill came from the tribes, not from the Sierra Club and not from the friends of this and not from the friends of that. All 28 organizations had nothing to do with the tribes. I have said all along—and I am pretty 
well related to the Athabascan Tribe in Alaska—it is time they are given the opportunity to fulfill the self-deter-mination act that we passed. Words do not do that. 
This administration has these great 
conferences, and we invite everybody down and winky, winky, and now have a good time. Nothing happens adminis-tratively. 
Now, I know there is some legislation 
and I am working very hard to get leg-islation, but I can’t do it all. I have to do it one little step at a time. 
This bill is requested by American 
Indians to have more control over their land. 
I have to remind this Congress that I 
sit in that we are now ranked in the nations around the world 20th in the freedom category. We have gone from number 1 to 20th. Think about that. 
The American Indians, our first people, are 13th in freedom because of our so- called free government. Now, there is something wrong with that. 
We are doing an indirect thing, as 
trustees, by not allowing them to ex-pand their God-given right, their abil-ity, their intellectual capability, to ex-pand their self-worth and keep their identity. 
Every time we try to bring a bill to 
the floor to do that, it is, first of all, ‘‘We can do it better administra-tively.’’ That is why they are ranked 13th in freedom because of our govern-ment. 
Now, I want everybody to think 
about this in Congress, from number 1 freest nation in the world to right now 20. That is not a good thing. 
In the last 5 years, we have dropped 
three spaces in that freedom chart, mainly because of overreach, regula-tion, and dictation by our government. That is what it is based on. Individual freedoms are lost. 
Try that as a tribe and have to go 
through all the other steps that the other person doesn’t have to. Well, they dropped down to 13th. 
I am asking the people in this body 
to support this bill if you believe in self-determination, if you believe in self-sufficiency, if you believe in the right to get ahead, especially in na-tions by this Congress that gave them the ability to be self-determined. They really take it away. 
So this is a good piece of legislation, 
a piece of legislation that should be voted ‘‘yes’’ on. We should give a chance for the American Indian to go forth as I know they have the capa-bility of. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Chair, today I will 
vote against H.R. 538, the Native American Energy Act. The bill makes needed changes to allow tribes to fully manage their lands which I strongly support. Unfortunately, it goes too far by weakening bedrock environmental protections, and makes it difficult for those with legitimate legal grievances to seek jus-tice. 
Technically the 2005 Energy Act allows 
tribes to enter into energy development leases 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.038 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6916 October 8, 2015 
through what are called Tribal Energy Re-
source Agreements, which must be approved by Interior. I say technically because no tribe has ever been successful in doing so. Tribes have submitted proposals that have sat with Interior for as long as eight years and then were never approved. Interior has never clari-fied what requirements are needed to gain ap-proval. Potential business partners cannot and will not sit wait to see if the federal govern-ment will do its job. They will find partners that are able to move forward. 
One of most laudable parts of the bill is the 
creation of biomass demonstration projects. Our forests are overgrown and are infected with insects and disease. Fuel reduction is vital to forest health and reducing the severity of fires. Often overgrowth is not suitable for timber production, but can be suitable for en-ergy production. Many tribes are ready to take advantage of these resources; they have their own processing facilities, trained work force and infrastructure in place to discover benefits to improve forest health, maintain fish and wildlife habitat, and create renewable energy. 
Tribes, lest we forget, are sovereign nations. 
Yet they regularly encounter obstacles not ex-perienced by private landowners. The federal government already has the tools to solve this inequity, but refuses to do so. The lack of ur-gency to correct what amounts to bureaucratic indifference is not acceptable. America’s first stewards of the land have the right to manage and develop their lands, and the federal gov-ernment’s inaction to ensure their rights is de-plorable. 
Because the bill goes beyond necessary re-
forms by curtailing environmental and judicial review, the president has issued a veto threat. I look forward to the Senate removing those provisions which unnecessarily hinder what could be a good bill and sending it back to the House. 
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. F
OXX). All 
time for general debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–30. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 538 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Native Amer-
ican Energy Act’’. 
SEC. 2. APPRAISALS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Title XXVI of the Energy 
Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2607. APPRAISAL REFORMS. 
‘‘(a) O PTIONS TO INDIAN TRIBES .—With re-
spect to a transaction involving Indian land or the trust assets of an Indian tribe that requires the approval of the Secretary, any appraisal re-lating to fair market value required to be con-ducted under applicable law, regulation, or pol-icy may be completed by— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary; ‘‘(2) the affected Indian tribe; or ‘‘(3) a certified, third-party appraiser pursu-
ant to a contract with the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(b) T
IMELIMIT ON SECRETARIAL REVIEW AND  
ACTION .—Not later than 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary receives an appraisal conducted by or for an Indian tribe pursuant to paragraphs (2) or (3) of subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(1) review the appraisal; and ‘‘(2) provide to the Indian tribe a written no-
tice of approval or disapproval of the appraisal. 
‘‘(c) F
AILURE OF SECRETARY TOAPPROVE OR  
DISAPPROVE .—If, after 60 days, the Secretary 
has failed to approve or disapprove any ap-praisal received, the appraisal shall be deemed approved. 
‘‘(d) O
PTION TO INDIAN TRIBES TOWAIVE AP-
PRAISAL .— 
‘‘(1) An Indian tribe wishing to waive the re-
quirements of subsection (a), may do so after it has satisfied the requirements of paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) An Indian tribe wishing to forego the ne-
cessity of a waiver pursuant to this section must provide to the Secretary a written resolution, statement, or other unambiguous indication of tribal intent, duly approved by the governing body of the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(3) The unambiguous indication of intent 
provided by the Indian tribe to the Secretary under paragraph (2) must include an express waiver by the Indian tribe of any claims for damages it might have against the United States as a result of the lack of an appraisal under-taken. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sub-
section, the term ‘appraisal’ includes appraisals and other estimates of value. 
‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall de-
velop regulations for implementing this section, including standards the Secretary shall use for approving or disapproving an appraisal.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13201 note) is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title XXVI the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 2607. Appraisal reforms.’’. 
SEC. 3. STANDARDIZATION. 
As soon as practicable after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall implement procedures to ensure that each agency within the Department of the Inte-rior that is involved in the review, approval, and oversight of oil and gas activities on Indian lands shall use a uniform system of reference numbers and tracking systems for oil and gas wells. 
SEC. 4. ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS OF MAJOR 
FEDERAL ACTIONS ON INDIAN LANDS. 
Section 102 of the National Environmental 
Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) is amended by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before the first 
sentence, and by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF MAJOR FEDERAL ACTIONS ON  
INDIAN LANDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For any major Federal ac-
tion on Indian lands of an Indian tribe requir-ing the preparation of a statement under sub-section (a)(2)(C), the statement shall only be available for review and comment by the mem-bers of the Indian tribe and by any other indi-vidual residing within the affected area. 
‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .—The Chairman of the 
Council on Environmental Quality shall develop regulations to implement this section, including descriptions of affected areas for specific major Federal actions, in consultation with Indian tribes. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, each of 
the terms ‘Indian land’ and ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given that term in section 2601 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3501). 
‘‘(4) C
LARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing 
in the Native American Energy Act, except sec-tion 6 of that Act, shall give the Secretary any 
additional authority over energy projects on Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act lands.’’. 
SEC. 5. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) T IME FOR FILING COMPLAINT .—Any energy 
related action must be filed not later than the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date of the final agency action. Any energy related action not filed within this time period shall be barred. 
(b) D
ISTRICT COURT VENUE AND DEADLINE .— 
All energy related actions— 
(1) shall be brought in the United States Dis-
trict Court for the District of Columbia; and 
(2) shall be resolved as expeditiously as pos-
sible, and in any event not more than 180 days after such cause of action is filed. 
(c) A
PPELLATE REVIEW .—An interlocutory 
order or final judgment, decree or order of the district court in an energy related action may be reviewed by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals shall resolve such appeal as expeditiously as possible, and in any event not more than 180 days after such interlocutory order or final judgment, decree or order of the district court was issued. 
(d) L
IMITATION ON CERTAIN PAYMENTS .—Not-
withstanding section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, no award may be made under sec-tion 504 of title 5, United States Code, or under section 2412 of title 28, United States Code, and no amounts may be obligated or expended from the Claims and Judgment Fund of the United States Treasury to pay any fees or other ex-penses under such sections, to any person or party in an energy related action. 
(e) L
EGAL FEES.—In any energy related action 
in which the plaintiff does not ultimately pre-vail, the court shall award to the defendant (in-cluding any intervenor-defendants), other than the United States, fees and other expenses in-curred by that party in connection with the en-ergy related action, unless the court finds that the position of the plaintiff was substantially justified or that special circumstances make an award unjust. Whether or not the position of the plaintiff was substantially justified shall be determined on the basis of the administrative record, as a whole, which is made in the energy related action for which fees and other expenses are sought. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this sec-
tion, the following definitions apply: 
(1) A GENCY ACTION .—The term ‘‘agency ac-
tion’’ has the same meaning given such term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) I
NDIAN LAND .—The term ‘‘Indian Land’’ 
has the same meaning given such term in section 203(c)(3) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–58; 25 U.S.C. 3501), including lands owned by Native Corporations under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (Public Law 92– 203; 43 U.S.C. 1601). 
(3) E
NERGY RELATED ACTION .—The term ‘‘en-
ergy related action’’ means a cause of action that— 
(A) is filed on or after the effective date of this 
Act; and 
(B) seeks judicial review of a final agency ac-
tion to issue a permit, license, or other form of agency permission allowing: 
(i) any person or entity to conduct activities 
on Indian Land, which activities involve the ex-ploration, development, production or transpor-tation of oil, gas, coal, shale gas, oil shale, geo-thermal resources, wind or solar resources, un-derground coal gasification, biomass, or the gen-eration of electricity; or 
(ii) any Indian Tribe, or any organization of 
two or more entities, at least one of which is an Indian tribe, to conduct activities involving the exploration, development, production or trans-portation of oil, gas, coal, shale gas, oil shale, geothermal resources, wind or solar resources, underground coal gasification, biomass, or the generation of electricity, regardless of where such activities are undertaken. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08OC7.012 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6917 October 8, 2015 
(4) U LTIMATELY PREVAIL .—The phrase ‘‘ulti-
mately prevail’’ means, in a final enforceable judgment, the court rules in the party’s favor on at least one cause of action which is an under-lying rationale for the preliminary injunction, administrative stay, or other relief requested by the party, and does not include circumstances where the final agency action is modified or amended by the issuing agency unless such modification or amendment is required pursuant to a final enforceable judgment of the court or a court-ordered consent decree. 
SEC. 6. TRIBAL BIOMASS DEMONSTRATION 
PROJECT. 
The Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 is 
amended by inserting after section 2 (25 U.S.C. 3115a) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3. TRIBAL BIOMASS DEMONSTRATION 
PROJECT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 
2016 through 2020, the Secretary shall enter into stewardship contracts or other agreements, other than agreements that are exclusively di-rect service contracts, with Indian tribes to carry out demonstration projects to promote bio-mass energy production (including biofuel, heat, and electricity generation) on Indian forest land and in nearby communities by providing reliable supplies of woody biomass from Federal land. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—The definitions in section 
2 shall apply to this section. 
‘‘(c) D EMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—In each fis-
cal year for which projects are authorized, the Secretary shall enter into contracts or other agreements described in subsection (a) to carry out at least 4 new demonstration projects that meet the eligibility criteria described in sub-section (d). 
‘‘(d) E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—To be eligible to 
enter into a contract or other agreement under this subsection, an Indian tribe shall submit to the Secretary an application— 
‘‘(1) containing such information as the Sec-
retary may require; and 
‘‘(2) that includes a description of— ‘‘(A) the Indian forest land or rangeland 
under the jurisdiction of the Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(B) the demonstration project proposed to be 
carried out by the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(e) S
ELECTION .—In evaluating the applica-
tions submitted under subsection (c), the Sec-retary— 
‘‘(1) shall take into consideration the factors 
set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 2(e) of Public Law 108–278; and whether a pro-posed demonstration project would— 
‘‘(A) increase the availability or reliability of 
local or regional energy; 
‘‘(B) enhance the economic development of the 
Indian tribe; 
‘‘(C) improve the connection of electric power 
transmission facilities serving the Indian tribe with other electric transmission facilities; 
‘‘(D) improve the forest health or watersheds 
of Federal land or Indian forest land or range-land; or 
‘‘(E) otherwise promote the use of woody bio-
mass; and 
‘‘(2) shall exclude from consideration any mer-
chantable logs that have been identified by the Secretary for commercial sale. 
‘‘(f) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that the criteria described in sub-
section (c) are publicly available by not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this section; and 
‘‘(2) to the maximum extent practicable, con-
sult with Indian tribes and appropriate inter-tribal organizations likely to be affected in de-veloping the application and otherwise carrying out this section. 
‘‘(g) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year subse-
quent to the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes, with respect to the reporting pe-riod— 
‘‘(1) each individual tribal application re-
ceived under this section; and ‘‘(2) each contract and agreement entered into 
pursuant to this section. 
‘‘(h) I
NCORPORATION OF MANAGEMENT  
PLANS.—In carrying out a contract or agree-
ment under this section, on receipt of a request from an Indian tribe, the Secretary shall incor-porate into the contract or agreement, to the ex-tent practicable, management plans (including forest management and integrated resource management plans) in effect on the Indian for-est land or rangeland of the respective Indian tribe. 
‘‘(i) T
ERM.—A stewardship contract or other 
agreement entered into under this section— 
‘‘(1) shall be for a term of not more than 20 
years; and 
‘‘(2) may be renewed in accordance with this 
section for not more than an additional 10 years.’’. 
SEC. 7. TRIBAL RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PLANS. 
Unless otherwise explicitly exempted by Fed-
eral law enacted after the date of the enactment of this Act, any activity conducted or resources harvested or produced pursuant to a tribal re-source management plan or an integrated re-source management plan approved by the Sec-retary of the Interior under the National Indian Forest Resources Management Act (25 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) or the American Indian Agricul-tural Resource Management Act (25 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), shall be considered a sustainable man-agement practice for purposes of any Federal standard, benefit, or requirement that requires a demonstration of such sustainability. 
SEC. 8. LEASES OF RESTRICTED LANDS FOR THE 
NAVAJO NATION. 
Subsection (e)(1) of the first section of the Act 
of August 9, 1955 (25 U.S.C. 415(e)(1); commonly referred to as the ‘‘Long-Term Leasing Act’’), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘, except a lease for’’ and in-
serting ‘‘, including leases for’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘25’’ the 
first place it appears and all that follows and inserting ‘‘99 years;’’; 
(3) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of a lease for the exploration, 
development, or extraction of mineral resources, including geothermal resources, 25 years, except that any such lease may include an option to renew for one additional term not to exceed 25 years.’’. 
SEC. 9. NONAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN RULES. 
No rule promulgated by the Department of the 
Interior regarding hydraulic fracturing used in the development or production of oil or gas re-sources shall have any effect on any land held in trust or restricted status for the benefit of In-dians except with the express consent of the beneficiary on whose behalf such land is held in trust or restricted status. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment 
to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 114–290. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 114–290. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Madam Chair, 
I have an amendment that was made in order under the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 4, strike lines 9 through 15, and insert 
the following: 
‘‘(1) R EVIEW AND COMMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the statement required under subsection (a)(2)(C) for a major Fed-eral action regarding an activity on Indian lands of an Indian tribe shall only be avail-able for review and comment by the mem-bers of the Indian tribe, other individuals re-siding within the affected area, and State, federally recognized tribal, and local govern-ments within the affected area. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall 
not apply to a statement for a major Federal action regarding an activity on Indian lands of an Indian tribe related to gaming under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 466, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alaska. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Madam Chair-
man, this amendment clarifies who may submit public comments on a NEPA study concerning a Federal per-mit or land approval for Indian lands. It also preserves current NEPA re-quirements concerning tribal gaming proposals. 
When a NEPA study is done on Fed-
eral action, like a mineral lease ap-proval on Indian lands, the agency must consider comments received by any member of the public, regardless of whether they are affected. This is un-fair to the tribe because tribal lands are not public land. They are private lands. 
Section 4 of the bill limits public 
comment in these situations to the tribe and individuals who live within the affected area of the project. 
Section 4 was drafted. We expected 
an individual living within the affected area would include State, tribal, and county officials, but no one from New York or San Francisco. It is none of their business. 
To address any ambiguity, the 
amendment would clarify that tribe, States, and county governments within the area affected may have their com-ments considered along with those of individuals. 
Finally, the amendment provides 
that section 4 will not affect Federal actions related to tribal gaming. Gam-ing is a unique area of law. Gaming fa-cilities have a significant impact out-side the local area. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, I rise 
to claim time in opposition to the man-ager’s amendment, although I am not in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, I just 
want to tell Chairman Y
OUNG that I ap-
preciate the lipstick on this particular 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC7.009 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6918 October 8, 2015 
piece of legislation, but the content is 
still haphazard. 
It does not fix the underlying prob-
lem with public review and judicial re-view. We are not in opposition, but I appreciate the lipstick. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Madam Chair, 
I hope it is the right color for Ranking Member G
RIJALVA . 
I yield back the balance of time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 114–290. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Madam Chair, I have an amendment made in order under the rule. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 12, after line 6, insert the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4. TRIBAL FOREST MANAGEMENT DEM-
ONSTRATION PROJECT. 
‘‘The Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-
retary of Agriculture may carry out dem-onstration projects by which federally recog-nized Indian tribes or tribal organizations may contract to perform administrative, management, and other functions of pro-grams of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a et seq.) through con-tracts entered into under the Indian Self -De-termination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 466, the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM ) and a Member opposed each 
will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Madam Chair, I yield my-self as much time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of my amendment 
that allows the Forest Service to es-tablish a pilot program to execute con-tracts with tribes under the Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act, known as 638 contracts. 638 contracts allow tribes to manage and implement Federal programs in In-dian Country. 
When I was the New Mexico Sec-
retary of Health, I witnessed how suc-cessful and beneficial these contracts can be at efficiently delivering services to tribes. Through these contracts, tribes can operate hospitals, health clinics, mental health facilities, and a variety of other community health services. 
Having tribes manage and operate 
programs in their communities not only recognizes tribal self-determina-tion and self-governance, but it also helps ensure that tribal needs are being met through traditionally and cul-turally appropriate methods. 
Although several agencies have the 
authority to execute 638 contracts, such as the Bureau of Land Manage-
ment, Bureau of Reclamation, Bureau of Indian Affairs and Indian Health Services, the Forest Service does not have this authority. Several tribes have expressed to me that they would like to see the Forest Service have this authority. 
Many of the Pueblos in New Mexico 
have land and tribal forests adjacent to national forests, and we know that wildfires in the past can quickly affect entire regions, regardless of who owns the land. 
In fact, the Las Conchas wildland 
fire, which was one of the largest wildfires in New Mexico history, start-ed on June 26, 2011, in the Santa Fe Na-tional Forest and burned more than 156,000 acres in New Mexico, including land belonging to Pueblos of Santa Clara, Ohkay Owingeh, San Ildefonso, Pojoaque Jemez, Cochiti, and Kewa. 
So it is imperative that the Forest 
Service and tribes actively work to-gether to co-manage forests. 
This amendment previously passed 
by voice vote as part of the Resilient Federal Forest Act, which the House passed this July. 
I urge my colleagues to once again 
support my amendment, which will im-prove the Forest Service’s ability to partner with tribes to work on projects that impact tribal lands and forests. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Madam Chair, 
I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Alaska? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Madam Chair, 
I yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
Madam Chair, I do not oppose the 
amendment. I just want to congratu-late the lady on backing up what is in the bill, making this correct. 
We have had testimony from a lot of 
the timber tribes on how well they have managed their timber, and right next door will be the Forest Service land that is managed terribly. That is a threat to the tribal timber, too. 
I really think, if we want to get back 
on this track of the freedoms I was talking about, if we allow the tribes to contract with the Forest Service, make it a contract for thinning, encouraging growth, managing growth for future timber needs—you know, the native tribes are doing so much better than the Federal tribes. So I compliment the lady on this deal. 
b1545 
I compliment the gentlewoman on 
this view, and I accept the amendment. I think the gentlewoman is doing a great job, and I appreciate it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) having assumed the chair, 
Ms. F OXX, Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 538) to facilitate the de-velopment of energy on Indian lands by reducing Federal regulations that im-pede tribal development of Indian lands, and for other purposes, and, pur-suant to House Resolution 466, she re-ported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Com-mittee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. 
Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recom-mit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. 
I am opposed in its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Ben Ray Luja ´n of New Mexico moves 
to recommit the bill H.R. 538 to the Natural Resources Committee, with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 10. PHYSICAL INTEGRITY OF SACRED SITES. 
Nothing in this Act shall contravene the 
authority of the President to avoid adversely affecting the physical integrity of any site, identified as sacred by virtue of established religious significance to, or ceremonial use by, an Indian religion, under Executive Order 13007 (May 24, 1996). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the final amend-ment to the bill, which does not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer an 
amendment to protect sacred sites across America. This issue is not a new one. We have been part of many de-bates here on the floor and in com-mittee on this important issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.042 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6919 October 8, 2015 
The amendment is straightforward. 
It reads: ‘‘Nothing in this Act shall contravene the authority of the Presi-dent to avoid adversely affecting the physical integrity of any site, identi-fied as sacred by virtue of established religious significance to, or ceremonial use by, an Indian religion, under Exec-utive Order 13007.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, as we come from dif-
ferent faiths, we all have respect for one another. Just as we worship in dif-ferent places, like churches or temples, so, too, should we have respect for these sacred places. Just as we would honor the sanctity of where our loved ones have been laid to rest, so, too, should we honor the sanctity of tribal sacred sites. 
Sacred sites are an essential part of 
the culture and heritage of tribal com-munities, and the degradation of these sites means a loss of identity as well as disrespect for the faith and religion and the culture and the history of our tribal brothers and sisters who are con-nected to these lands. Sacred sites should not be desecrated. They should be protected. 
I know it is a sentiment that many of 
us in this Congress share. Protecting sacred sites is the right thing to do. I ask my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this very important amend-ment. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in opposition to the motion to re-commit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, 
there is nothing in this act that changes the President’s authority. I go back to self-determination. These are tribal lands owned by the tribes, con-trolled by the tribal council, and they will make a decision about the sacred sites; not somebody, again, in Miami or New York that wants to stop the project. 
These are tribal sites, and that is the 
thing I don’t quite understand. This af-fects nothing of the present law. If they decide this is a sacred site, that will be their decision, instead of some-one else. 
I urge people to reject his motion to 
recommit, and let’s pass this legisla-tion, this one little, tiny step forward for our first Americans. This bill came from them and they support it. They are not worried about these sacred sites because they will control them, not somebody who is an official. We take no authority away from the Presi-dent. 
Very frankly, Mr. Speaker, this is a 
motion to recommit to slow the bill down. They say it doesn’t, but this is an attempt to do so. I urge a ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit and a ‘‘yes’’ on the passage for that little, tiny step for the American Indians, our first people. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. 
Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage of the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 184, nays 239, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 543] 
YEAS—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—239 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr 
Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill 
Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Brat Cleaver Dingell Hinojosa Hudson 
Payne Pittenger Reed Sinema 
Stutzman Thornberry 
b1621 
Messrs. ROYCE, AUSTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, FINCHER, POMPEO, and RYAN of Wisconsin changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mses. LEE, LORETTA SANCHEZ of 
California, Messrs. HIGGINS, CON-YERS, DOGGETT, and M
CDERMOTT 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.047 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6920 October 8, 2015 
Mr. BRAT. Madam Speaker, on rollcall No. 
543 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
B
LACK ). The question is on the passage 
of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Madam 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 254, nays 173, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 544] 
YEAS—254 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—173 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Cleaver Dingell Hinojosa Hudson 
Payne Pittenger Sinema 
b1630 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ELECTION DAY IN VENEZUELA 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
last month in Venezuela, the president of the national association of opposi-
tion mayors issued a message to the international community—including here in the United States, obviously— stating many of the obstacles being faced leading up to Venezuela’s legisla-tive elections, which are scheduled to take place on December 6. 
According to their statement, Ven-
ezuelan regime employees are obli-gated and harassed to attend public events to demonstrate support for pro- regime candidates. Socialist Party militants are dispatched to intimidate voters under the guise of assistance. And the Maduro regime is using mili-tary forces to keep citizens from volun-tarily auditing electoral precincts, as it is stated by law. 
As the Maduro regime continues to 
refuse allowing international monitors, 
the United States must be even more vigilant of the threat of the fraud be-fore and during election day in Ven-ezuela. 
We should also be ready to sanction 
any regime official who perpetuates human rights violations because of this electoral process. 
f 
REPUBLIC OF CHINA NATIONAL 
DAY AND HO FENG-SHAN 
(Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate Taiwan’s National Day, or Double Tenth Day, on Satur-day, October 10. 
Taiwan and the United States have 
shared a close relationship since pas-sage of the Taiwan Relations Act in 1979. With deep trade ties and close se-curity cooperation between our two countries, Taiwan is going to be an im-portant regional and global actor and friend to the United States. 
One famous diplomat from the Re-
public of China, Mr. Ho Feng-Shan, perfectly embodied the bravery and the heroism of so many in this country. Mr. Ho, consul general in Vienna dur-ing Nazi occupation, defied orders from his superiors and issued hundreds of visas to Jews who, without his efforts, would have been forbidden from leav-ing Austria and would likely have fall-en victim to Hitler’s plans to extermi-nate the Jews. 
For his selfless and courageous ac-
tions, he rightfully earned the title of Righteous Among the Nations from the Yad Vashem Holocaust Museum. 
Please join me in celebrating Tai-
wan’s National Day and paying tribute to Mr. Ho’s sacrifices and actions. 
f 
LIFT CRUDE OIL EXPORT BAN 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, with 
just one change in the law, we could create nearly 400,000 American jobs, po-tentially help lower gas prices, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC7.013 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6921 October 8, 2015 
exert soft power that keeps bad actors 
around the world from destabilizing the price of oil. That change would be lifting the ban on crude oil exports. 
With all of these benefits for Amer-
ica, it makes sense that we should em-brace that change and put it on the President’s desk right away. The ex-port ban is a relic of the past that needs to be lifted to help establish the United States as a preeminent energy leader in the world. 
The United States is the only coun-
try in the world that has a ban on ex-porting oil. With countries like Iran and Russia flexing their muscle on the world stage, lifting the ban would help enhance both our energy and our na-tional security. But even more than that, removing the crude oil export ban means helping our economy with more good-paying jobs for hardworking Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time to lift the 
crude oil export ban. 
f 
HONORING HO FENG-SHAN 
(Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor the Republic of China on Taiwan’s National Day and 
recognize the heroism of Ho Feng- Shan, a Chinese diplomat stationed in Vienna during World War II. At great risk to his own life, Feng-Shan issued thousands of Chinese visas to Jews, al-lowing them to escape Nazi camps. Ho Feng-Shan’s courage is just one exam-ple of the Republic of China’s proud heritage celebrated on National Day. 
A vital U.S. trading partner, Taiwan 
helps maintain peace and stability in the western Pacific and shares our val-ues for freedom, democracy, and re-spect for human rights. Rooted in our history of mutual interests and com-mon goals, the U.S.-Taiwanese rela-tionship will continue to flourish. 
I pay tribute to Ho Feng-Shan and 
wish the people of Taiwan a happy Na-tional Day. 
f 
EARTH SCIENCE WEEK 
(Mr. HONDA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, next week 
marks the 18th annual international Earth Science Week. Today I am intro-ducing a House resolution to recognize Earth Science Week to highlight the importance and broad impact of earth science research. 
Geoscientists and researchers in our 
country continually push the frontier of human knowledge; help develop and incubate the concepts and programs that keep us at the innovative fore-front of the world’s economy; and in-spire future generations of researchers, scientists, and informed citizens. Earth science funding is a stimulant to the American economy and an investment into our future global leadership. The devastating drought in my home 
State of California highlights the need for earth science research, which can address major gaps in our under-standing of water availability, quality, and dynamics. Having a better under-standing of natural systems allows for more informed policy. 
I am committed to working with my 
friend and fellow science advocate, Chairman C
ULBERSON , to ensure that 
Federal earth science research is given robust support and is not hindered by misguided legislation that microman-ages and places funding caps on these critical fields. It is critical that we study and understand our ‘‘pale blue dot,’’ our one and only home. 
f 
REMEMBERING SENIOR AIRMAN 
QUINN JOHNSON-HARRIS 
(Ms. MOORE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today with a heavy heart to mourn the six servicemembers and five civilians killed in the recent crash of an Air Force transport plane in Afghanistan. Yesterday, the House held a moment of silence to mark their sacrifice. 
One of those who died was Senior 
Airman Quinn Johnson-Harris, whose family now calls Milwaukee, Wis-consin, their home. He and his fallen comrades join the list of the 2,300 he-roes who have given their lives in Af-ghanistan. 
As a Member of Congress, there is no 
more difficult moment in our jobs than this. My heart and prayers go out to family. 
There is no question that Quinn 
made our community in Milwaukee stronger and our Nation safer because of his service. This young man made a difference wherever he went. I hear it in the stories that have come out after his death from his family, his friends, his teachers, and others about his dedi-cation to them and his country. 
His mother said: ‘‘Quinn dared to be 
different. He beat by his own drum.’’ 
When his family, community, or 
country called, this young man stood up and did not shrink back. According to his sister, when she heard he was being deployed to Afghanistan, ‘‘he was ready to go,’’ and this surprised no one. 
He came from a military family. His 
grandfather served in Vietnam. His older brother was a marine, and an-other older brother is a 2015 graduate of West Point and is in the Army. 
Mr. Speaker, I join his family, his 
friends, and his fellow servicemen in mourning his life, yet celebrating the life of this young hero, Senior Airman Quinn Johnson-Harris. 
f 
MEDICARE PREMIUM FAIRNESS 
ACT 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, without 
congressional action, Medicare pre-miums and deductibles will increase in 2016 by 52 percent for an estimated 7.5 million American seniors and people with disabilities. Because these folks will not be receiving a Social Security cost of living adjustment for 2016, 30 percent of beneficiaries will not be held 
harmless, and their premiums will in-crease from $104 to $159 per month. 
To stop rates from increasing, I have 
introduced the Medicare Premium Fairness Act, which will protect sen-iors and people with disabilities by cap-ping premiums at 2015 levels for a year. I urge my colleagues to join me in co-sponsoring this important legislation. 
Seniors in our communities worked 
hard all their lives and saw our coun-try through a war, Depression, and dra-matic social change. At a time when every dollar counts, this critical legis-lation will ensure that seniors can put food on the table and buy lifesaving medication. 
So let’s stand up for America’s sen-
iors. 
f 
b1645 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO 
THE CONGRESSIONAL-EXECU-TIVE COMMISSION ON THE PEO-PLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
B
ABIN). The Chair announces the 
Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6913, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: 
Mrs. B
LACK , Tennessee 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO 
THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON DIS-ABILITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 451 of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (Pub. L. 113–128), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following individual on the part of the House to the National Council on Disability: 
Lt. Colonel Daniel M. Gade, Ph.D., 
New Windsor, New York 
f 
THE PROGRESSIVE CAUCUS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Jersey? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.052 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6922 October 8, 2015 
There was no objection. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, this past spring Congress passed legislation that authorized the President to negotiate and sign sweep-ing trade agreements with limited input from Congress. 
When I say ‘‘the President,’’ I am not 
just talking about Mr. Obama, Mr. Speaker. I am talking about anyone who sits in the Oval Office from now on. 
This body then went on to pass a 
trade adjustment assistance package that falls far short of what is necessary and, in and of itself, acknowledges the loss of employment that comes from the trade agreement. Those steps set the stage for the Trans-Pacific Part-nership, the final language of which was announced earlier this week. That deal was built from years of secret ne-gotiations between corporations and trade representatives, with little to no input from the working families who will have to bear the loss of jobs here at home. 
Mr. Speaker, back in New Jersey, we 
know what happens when trade deals don’t consider American workers. Fac-tories close, employees are laid off, and whole cities that used to pump out products for consumers around the world are suddenly faced with stunted economies and incomprehensible unem-ployment. 
While I am not opposed to free trade, 
our priority can’t simply be corporate gains under the guise of economic growth; it must be the welfare of work-ing families. But working families are going to find themselves out of luck if they are forced to compete with sala-ries of just cents an hour overseas. 
TPP is a very bad deal. It lacks pro-
hibitions to address currency manipu-lation; it lacks environmental stand-ards that will keep manufacturers ac-countable and ensure we are preventing some of the human causes of climate change; and it lacks labor standards that protect the human rights of work-ers in places like Mexico, Vietnam, and Malaysia, running against even the most basic human American values. It does all this based on the flawed philos-ophy that supporting multinational corporations somehow helps the middle class. 
Mr. Speaker, let me state for the 
record that no trade deal is ever craft-ed to support the American middle class, and any suggestion otherwise is a flat-out, bold-faced lie. 
International trade is always mar-
keted as the key to economic growth, but we are told that opening new mar-kets means more opportunities for U.S. businesses. That is true in part. But the businesses that profit most are multinational corporations, and part of that profit comes from sending Amer-ican jobs overseas. We will allow those same companies to continue to enjoy tax loopholes that maximize their bot-tom line and allow them to keep much of their profits stashed away elsewhere. If NAFTA and CAFTA are any exam-ple, these profits will never make it 
down the line to Americans striving to get to the middle class. 
If we are serious about growing our 
economy in a way that supports every American, there are plenty of policy changes that we could make: 
We could give our workers a living 
wage that would allow them to support their families; 
We could provide better primary and 
secondary education and more afford-able higher education; 
We could offer employment through 
the hundreds of thousands of jobs we could create by investing in infrastruc-ture repairs and upgrades; 
And we could do a lot better than 
TPP. 
So before we move forward, my con-
gressional Progressive colleagues and I have come to the floor to urge Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle to take what limited time we have to change the course. We have just one last op-portunity to fix this deal, to protect American workers, and to ensure a deal that will actually boost our economy, not just the profit margins of multi-national corporations, and we need to take that time. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield to a 
Member who has been as outspoken as any of us as we talk about the need to reexamine this flawed agreement. I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), our ranking 
member on the Rules Committee. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I do 
appreciate the gentlewoman yielding 
to me. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a debate I seem 
to have had before. I was here for the NAFTA debate. 
Congressional districts throughout 
this country, including my own of Rochester, New York, will find it very difficult to survive another trade deal that sends our jobs overseas to coun-tries that ignore human rights viola-tions and undermine our laws in public health here at home. During my time in Congress, I have never seen a trade agreement that the United States par-
ticipated in that benefited either the American manufacturer or the Amer-ican worker, and everything I know about Trans-Pacific Partnership sug-gests it will be more of the same. 
Despite a bipartisan push by 158 
Democrats and Republicans in the House of Representatives, the trade deal announced this week will do noth-ing to address the largest trade barrier our manufacturers face, which is cur-rency manipulation. As with past trade deals, a side agreement in the TPP re-lated to currency manipulation is win-dow dressing that is unlikely to be en-forced at all, as most of the NAFTA side agreements were not, and will do little to stem the flow of American jobs overseas. As with past trade deals, this will force American manufacturers to compete with foreign companies that receive unfair advantages from their governments. For this reason, Ford Motor Company has come out in oppo-sition to this trade agreement. The TPP has been negotiated under a 
cloud of secrecy—by the way, they all are—by multinational conglomerates, and we know from the United States, the financial services industry and the pharmaceutical companies—both have only one priority, their bottom line— were very important in those negotia-tions. Now that an agreement has been reached, the negotiators will no longer be able to keep the contents of the bad trade deal hidden from the public. 
As you know, Mr. Speaker, were any 
of us to look at the trade bill that they did make available over here, we were not able to take a pencil or paper with us. We had to have somebody with se-curity clearance go with us—our own staff could not go—and we could not speak about it. That is some strange idea, I think, of democracy. 
I have been in conversations with 
parliamentarians from Australia and from Canada who have had the very same problem. As a matter of fact, in Australia, if any of the parliamentar-ians wanted to see the trade bill, they had to sign a paper they would not dis-cuss it for 4 years. For three of the greatest economies and democracies in this trade agreement—the United States, Canada, and Australia—to allow their parliamentarians to be put into that kind of restraint is one of the most egregious parts of these trade agreements. 
Now that we will be able, since it has 
been signed, to look at it, negotiators are going to have a lot of explaining to do. Because as Americans learn more in the coming weeks and months about how this agreement will impact their day-to-day lives with things like un-safe food imports—we are pretty cer-tain about that because we already turned around a great number, tons of seafood coming in; 98 percent of the seafood that we eat is imported, and about 2 to 3 percent of it is inspected— the momentum of a bad trade deal will continue to grow. 
Let me tell you why we, the Cana-
dians, the Australians, the European Union, and the United Nations are upset about this. There is a thing called the investor-state dispute settle-ment, and it is onerous. It gives to three corporate lawyers the right to settle disputes. 
Any investor-state in this agreement 
can bring a case against any of the other countries in the agreement if they think that a law or a practice in that country affects their bottom line. We know that everybody is worried about that here because one committee of the House, just in talking about it, did away with country-of-origin label-ing. 
So, as I have pointed out, both the 
United Nations and the European Union have done papers on the fact that this is a very bad way to run any-thing, to let three corporate lawyers make that decision; but we are going to be stuck with that, unfortunately, unless we can kill the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.054 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6923 October 8, 2015 
What is even more abhorrent is that 
some of our trading partners, Malay-sia—Malaysia has the worst human rights record on the face of the Earth. We know that. The State Department has always given them a very low grade. They have slave labor. We know that they do sex trafficking, and they just recently took the Prime Minister off on some kind of charges. There is no reason in the world that we would include them in a trade agreement. Then there is also Brunei, which prac-tices sharia law. These two countries, under the investor-state dispute settle-ment, can make sure that our laws do not interfere with their making a prof-it. 
We are better people than that, Mr. 
Speaker. We are going to be looking at this very closely. It is really not a trade deal. In my view, it is a race to the bottom. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I would like to thank the gen-tlewoman from New York for her com-ments and for being with us today as part of the Progressive Caucus. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to a Member who 
has been outspoken on behalf of work-ing families and American workers, Mr. P
OCAN from Wisconsin. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I am really 
glad to be here today with the Progres-sive Caucus Special Order hour, and I would like to thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLE-
MAN) for all her hard work on behalf of 
the Progressive Caucus and on behalf of this issue on the Trans-Pacific Part-nership. 
As we know, over the weekend and 
all last week, the U.S. Trade Rep-resentative Office’s cooks have been in the kitchen, and they have told us now the Trans-Pacific Partnership is done; but from everything that we can tell, it is not fully baked. In fact, at best, it is half-baked when it comes to labor, en-vironmental, and consumer concerns. 
Now that a final deal has been 
reached, we asked the administration to let the American public imme-diately see the full text of this agree-ment. This negotiating process has not been transparent up to this point, de-spite claims from the U.S. Trade Rep-resentative Office. We know that about 600 people, largely corporate CEOs, have been involved in the drafting of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, but not Congress, and certainly not members of the public. The secretive nature of these negotiations is compounded by the pressure to throw together this deal based on the political timelines of our negotiating partners rather than with the regard of the U.S. worker in mind. 
Reports throughout the course of the 
negotiating process have raised serious questions about the impact of this agreement on a number of areas rang-ing from workplace and environmental protections to food safety, but, most importantly, jobs and wages. We all know this economy has been rebound-ing. The stockmarket is significantly up from the 2008 crash. Corporate prof-
its are up. CEO pay is up. Productivity is up. But wages for the American worker have, unfortunately, been dead flat, and the Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to the loss of good-paying jobs right here in the U.S. 
Through several decades of unfair 
trade rules, corporations have outsourced production and offshored jobs, and the TPP will only exacerbate this problem. In fact, on Tuesday, in its initial analysis, The Wall Street Journal has projected an increase in the manufacturing trade deficit of $38.2 billion. That means jobs and wages right here in the United States. 
b1700 
Additional reports have also said 
that the labor standards will remain subpar, that currency manipulation has not been adequately addressed, rules of origin for autos have been weakened, and human rights issues with countries like Malaysia and Brunei have not been dealt with prop-erly. 
Among these concerns, corporations 
still have the ability to supersede laws 
of our country through the investor- state dispute settlement process, some-thing that Representative S
LAUGHTER  
explained very aggressively in her com-ments. 
This agreement has nothing to do to 
effectively address currency manipula-tion, which that alone has contributed to the loss of up to 5 million U.S. jobs. 
Despite claims by the administration 
that this agreement is the most pro-gressive high standard deal that we have ever negotiated, the labor envi-ronmental rules in our free trade agreements are rarely enforced in our partner nations. 
In fact, 4 years ago, when we passed 
the Colombia Free Trade Agreement, to the letter of the law the Colombian Government has put the provisions within Colombian law and not one bit of that has actually been implemented and over 100 labor leaders in the last 4 years have been killed just in Colom-bia. 
So these trade agreements haven’t 
worked based on past practice, and without changes they are not going to work in future progress as well. 
In addition, the administration has 
gone out of its way to help cover up human rights atrocities in order to conclude these negotiations. 
Malaysia was demoted in the State 
Department’s 2014 Trafficking in Per-sons Report due to its grossly inad-equate response to the perverse track-ing of minority groups throughout the country. 
By downgrading them within the 
same year that mass graves were found of workers in Malaysia is an insult to human rights conditions, and to in-clude them and countries like Brunei that still stone gays and lesbians and single mothers is a further evidence that this deal is not ready for the pub-lic or for Congress to accept for the public. The Trans-Pacific Partnership is nei-
ther free trade nor fair trade. In re-ality, it is a system of rules crafted by multi-national corporate interests and their lobbyists that work for a select group of powerful people at the expense of everyone else. This just isn’t about jobs or wages. This is an agreement about corporate profits. Past trade deals have been a disaster for American workers. So it is imperative that Con-gress rigorously review this deal to en-sure that the American people aren’t yet taken for a ride again. 
Again, I will renew my call and the 
Progressive Caucus’ call to imme-diately release the text of the agree-ment. Six hundred corporate CEOs know what is in the deal, but the 435 Members of this House and the Amer-ican public don’t. That is simply wrong. 
If this deal is as good as they say it 
is, put the language on the table and let’s review it with the public. My fear is that it is not. If it is going to cost American jobs and wages, it is the wrong thing to do, and we have to re-ject the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania for taking the time to be with us to talk about what is such an important issue for us. 
Mr. Speaker, it isn’t often that we 
get a second bite at an apple in realtime, but this is one of those oppor-tunities that we do have. There have been a number of issues that have been raised that I believe validate from our perspective that this is not a good deal. 
It is not a good deal for American 
families. It is not a good deal for Amer-ican workers. It is only a good deal for multi-national corporations. 
We are engaging in a trade relation-
ship with countries whose values we do not share and who, on occasions, we have actually had the opportunity to shame. 
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that we, as 
Members of Congress, can find this as an opportunity to work together to do something collectively, which is better for the American family and the Amer-ican worker. We can do that at the same time we have an opportunity to have fair trade agreements and just trade agreements. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the 
gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), a Member who has been as 
outspoken as any other Member in this House about the need to turn back from this flawed agreement, a leader on workers’ rights and human rights and women’s rights and building an 
economy that works for average Amer-icans. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to say thank you to my colleague and what an honor for me to join with you and to thank you for your steadfast ef-forts in fighting for working families, for the American workers, men and women, and not being afraid to stand up and say no to what would be injus-tice for our American workers and their families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.055 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6924 October 8, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, it has been 4 days since 
the Trans-Pacific Partnership was an-nounced. We have not yet been shown the text, but we have heard a chorus of spin about the supposed benefits of this secret agreement. 
After more than 5 years of talks, the 
parties have announced a deal without having released a single word to the public. The negotiations took place under unprecedented secrecy. 
Corporate special interests had a 
place at the table. Congress and Amer-ican families were locked out. The American people and their elected rep-resentatives in Congress are forced to rely on leaks to find out what is in this agreement. 
But the truth is that, on vital issues 
like workers’ rights, environment, and human rights, the standards are only valuable if they are enforced. If experi-ence is any guide, we will do little to enforce those provisions. 
I remember in 2007 when my Demo-
cratic colleagues in this Chamber forced the Bush administration to re-negotiate a number of trade agree-ments to include enhanced labor stand-ards. 
In the 8 years since, neither the cur-
rent administration nor its predecessor has taken meaningful action to enforce those provisions. So dozens of Colom-bian union organizers are being mur-dered despite labor provision in the U.S. Colombia Free Trade Agreement. Thousands of acres of Peruvian forests are being destroyed despite the envi-ronmental provisions in the U.S.-Peru Free Trade Agreement. 
Why would we assume that the 
Trans-Pacific Partnership will be any different when it comes to Brunei’s persecution of LGBT people, Malaysia’s human trafficking and forced labor, or Vietnam’s abundant use of child labor? 
In fact, the administration has al-
ready shown us how little regard it pays to these issues by upgrading Ma-
laysia’s classification on human traf-ficking in order to sign the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership agreement. 
Past experience tells us what to ex-
pect in other areas as well. The last big trade deal, the U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement, cost this country 75,000 jobs in just 3 years, according to the Economic Policy Institute. 
The TPP will be even worse. Not only 
is it far bigger, it will throw Americans into competition with Vietnamese workers who make less than 65 cents per hour. These provisions will offshore jobs, lower our wages, and increase in-come inequality. Americans workers have seen this happen to them year after year after year. 
To compound these problems, it has 
been reported that the TPP will re-move support from green jobs and American industry by outlawing buy American and buy local standards in government procurement contracts and potentially opening the door for Chi-nese state-owned enterprises to take those contracts. 
In common with every previous trade 
agreement, the TPP does nothing to curb currency manipulation, which ba-
sically allows countries to keep their goods and the price of their goods at artificially low prices. That means, if they lower their prices and their cur-rency, ours are more expensive. 
This abuse, not in my words, but in 
the words of economists C. Fred Bergsten at the Peterson Institute, Jared Bernstein at the Center for American Progress—they believe that currency manipulation and its practice by China, by Singapore, and Vietnam, who are all part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement—that currency manipulation has led to the loss of al-most 5 million jobs in the United States of America. 
One of the biggest historical manipu-
lators, as I said, Japan, is a member of the TPP. The administration has even floated the idea of adding China, prob-ably the worst currency manipulator in history. 
China’s recent devaluation just a few 
short weeks ago of the yuan cost up to 640,000 American jobs, according to the Economic Policy Institute. And after the administration decided to take no action against China, TPP partner Vietnam followed suit, and they de-valued their own currency. 
In other words, with this agreement, 
we are rewarding the cheats. No cur-rency forum, as the administration has talked about, because currency and en-forceable currency regulations are not in the legislation. 
But they say there is going to be a 
forum, that we will have the oppor-tunity to discuss this. Well, you can have a lot of forums, but unless you have an enforcement mechanism to say no, it is not going to be fixed. It has to be fixed in the agreement, and it is not. So the forum is meaningless. 
The predictable calamities do not 
end there. Earlier this year, WTO trade agreements led to the dismantling of American food labeling laws, country of origin labeling, so that the Amer-ican public will know where their food is coming from. 
Again, the TPP goes even further by 
allowing multi-national corporations, as well as foreign governments, to challenge U.S. law. It will not be long before we start to see challenges to our 
food safety system, a system already strained to the breaking point by a flood of tainted contaminated seafood from the TPP countries like Malaysia and Vietnam. 
Finally, we know that the TPP will 
establish rules that give Big Pharma different monopoly periods across part-ner nations. That makes no sense in a free trade agreement. Why would you do this? That is only to keep drug prices high. 
One commonly used combination of 
HIV drugs cost $10,000 per year when bought from a Big Pharma monopolist, from the big pharmaceutical company, but as a generic, it only costs $250. What this agreement will do is to delay generics coming to the market. 
And by locking in these corporate 
monopolies, the agreement com-promises our access to medicines for 
the people who need it the most: your constituents, my colleague, and mine, and all of our colleagues. 
President Obama said on Monday 
that the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement ‘‘reflects American values.’’ But the administration’s approach has been the opposite. It has put corporate special interests before the interests of the American people instead of learn-ing from past experience. We are being railroaded into yet another trade agreement that risks our jobs, our wages, and the health of our family. 
But, under the law, there is still time 
for Congress to reject the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement, and that is what we need to do in a bipartisan way. There are people on both sides of the aisle in this institution that oppose this agreement. 
We need to come together and we 
need to come together for the sake of the working men and women that we represent all over this country. That is what our job is to do right now. We have a moral responsibility. We have an obligation to the people who elect us and send us here to represent their best interests. 
Everything that we know from past 
agreements and what limited amount of information we know from this agreement will put the economic secu-rity at risk for American families. 
I want to say to my colleague, thank 
you for doing this. We need over the next several weeks to be doing this every single day because the word has got to go out to the American public of just what is at stake in this trade agreement, and they will be calling their representative and telling them to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Thank you very, very much for the 
opportunity to participate tonight. 
b1715 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Connecticut for her eloquent and compelling words. Whenever she speaks up for the American people, she does so in such a convincing way and a way that is backed by empirical data, not just anecdotes and not just sort of dreams, but that which she already knows. 
So I appreciate and feel particularly 
honored to represent the Congressional Progressive Caucus here this evening to speak out on issues that we know are very important, vitally important, to the well-being of the American worker and our American families. 
I do pray that our congressional body 
can come together around an issue that affects all of us in any district that we might represent, in any corner of the United States of America, and at any economic strata that we might rep-resent. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I have no 
more speakers who want to address this issue this evening. I thank you for your indulgence. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.056 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6925 October 8, 2015 
LIFTING BAN ON OIL EXPORTS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the leadership allowing me to visit with you about something that is near and dear to my heart. I hope we spend the better part of the next hour discussing a bill tomorrow that will be before this body, which is H.R. 702, which would lift the 40-year-old, dec-ades-old ban on exporting a domestic product, a domestic commodity, called crude oil. 
As you look at the things that Amer-
ica buys and sells around the world, the only commodity that we produce here in the United States that we can-not export is crude oil. It harkens back to 40 years ago, and I will talk about it in a second. 
There are no restrictions on imports. 
You could import all the crude oil that you would like, but we have a restric-tion on exporting that crude oil. 
Now, the administration recently sig-
naled a bit of a change in that in that they licensed a swap of certain number of barrels of heavy crude from Mexico for light sweet crude coming to the United States. So there was at least one opportunity recently where the De-partment of Commerce authorized that swap and, in effect, began to export some of this crude that we produce every single day. 
Forty years ago the Arab oil embargo 
and all the things that happened with that—most of the folks in this Cham-ber, except maybe you and I, don’t nec-essarily recall the long lines at the gas station and the rationing and the way that even-numbered license plates were okay one day and odd-numbered license plates were okay the next day to buy gasoline. 
I can remember living in Dallas at 
the time. I would have to get up at 5 o’clock in the morning and go sit in line at a gas station in order to fill up the car so that I could make it down-town and back and forth. It was some-what disruptive to our quiet lives. 
The price of oil went from $3 a barrel 
to $12 a gallon, a fourfold increase. That shock hammered the economy with a lot of things that were going on. 
As a part of that response, in addi-
tion to the response, just before the Arab oil embargo in the 1973–1974 time-frame, the United States had, through a secret study, determined that Amer-ican crude oil production may have peaked in 1970 and that the wells in the United States that were then pro-ducing and the new ones that were going to be drilled and brought on-line—that the daily production in the United States would slowly decline from that point on and that that scarce resource of strategic value needed to stay here in the United States. 
So while we were even a net importer 
at that point in time, the wisdom of this House, the Senate, and the Presi-
dent at the time was: Let’s just don’t export any U.S. crude. Let’s use all of it here. And then we will buy from other folks the crude oil that we need to make up the difference in our refin-ery loads. 
That held true for 35 years. Then 
something pretty stunning happened, and that was this incredible renais-sance in the oil and gas business that has occurred over the last 5 years. 
When history writes about this era of 
the oil and gas business, it will talk about these incredible breakthroughs in technology and the science associ-ated with it and the risk taking of the private sector. 
The current President likes to brag 
about the oil and increased production. Quite frankly, this has all come in the private sector, private lands, and pri-vate initiatives, where this has hap-pened. Permitting on public property, public lands, has slowed down, and ac-tual production off our Federal lands has shrunk from where it has been. 
So for 35 years it was a policy that 
was out there. It was never an issue be-cause we didn’t produce enough every day to export. 
Then about 5 years ago this process 
of increased production was driven by the shale oil play in the Bakken, the shale oil play in west Texas, and the shale oil play in the Eagle Ford shale in south Texas, big frac jobs, tech-nologies that broke the rock up or al-lowed the oil to escape out of that rock in quantities heretofore not really con-templated or known. 
The oil was in the rock. Everyone 
knew that. They just didn’t know how to get it out of the rock. This wonder-ful renaissance began to occur, and U.S. production began to increase every day to the point now that the es-timates, had the price not dropped, were that, by 2020, we would be the largest exporter and that we would have an excess. 
So we already had a bit of an excess 
of crude oil in the United States be-cause it had to go through U.S. refin-eries. U.S. refineries are set up to proc-ess heavy crude, which is not what is produced out of this oil shale. That is light, sweet crude. So, consequently, 
we had more light sweet. We are still importing crude every day from Ven-ezuela and other countries that feed heavy crude into our refineries. 
So it got on everybody’s radar screen 
that we need to figure out a way to unlock this market and eliminate the inefficiencies associated with not being able to export U.S. crude. 
As a result of that, there are two sets 
of prices in the world markets. There is a Brent price of crude, which is North Sea crude, and there is also a West Texas Intermediate price that is in the markets. 
There has been for a long time now a 
differential between those two prices. The West Texas Intermediate price, which is what our local American pro-ducers get, was less than the Brent crude. That differential was driven by the 
fact that we had no market for U.S. crude, other than U.S. refineries, given the laws and the restrictions that were in place. So the movement began to ex-plore the opportunity for lifting this decades-long ban on crude oil. 
Throughout the years that H
ARRY  
REIDwas in charge of the Senate, it 
was a nonstarter because it was not likely we could get a bill like we are going to vote on tomorrow in the House through the Senate. With the Republican victory last November and control in the Senate by Republicans, it then became an opportunity for us to examine this policy and see if it makes sense. 
Just to set the record straight, even 
without the bad deal the President has foisted on us, we treat Iran better than we treat American producers. Because even before the sanctions are lifted in Iran, they can produce and export about a million barrels of crude oil a day. The U.S. is zero. 
So as you step back to look at the 
big picture, we treat Iran—with all the mischief they do and the bad actor they are and the threat to world peace that they are, they get better treat-ment than domestic producers, and that makes no sense whatsoever when you look at the overall issue. 
So we are at a point now where, with 
this drop in prices to almost half of what it was, we have begun to see that crude oil production will probably tail off here in the United States this quar-ter. 
But the oil is there. We know how to 
get it. The science is available. It is just simply driven by the price. Recov-ering the drilling and completion costs is what is causing the current decline in production, but we know where it is and how to go get it. 
When a well comes online, from day 
one, it will begin to produce less oil today than it did yesterday. That proc-ess, that decline, will move forward throughout the life of that well until it reaches its economic limit. 
The economic limit of a producing 
well is driven by the price versus how much it costs you to get it out of the ground, the taxes associated with the barrel, the royalties associated with it. Those have got to be in positive cir-cumstances or it doesn’t make any sense to produce that crude oil. 
In the drilling and the completion of 
a well, you have got to be able to re-cover that investment from the total number of barrels that you expect to produce out of that well. When you know those fixed costs going in, there are very few of those costs that are re-coverable once you drill a well. 
Your only return is to sell the crude 
oil. And given how much you think that each well will produce, it has got to be at a price where you can recover that investment as well as cover your incremental costs each day of pro-ducing that crude oil. 
So there are some sound economic 
reasons why, at current prices of crude 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.059 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6926 October 8, 2015 
oil, there is less drilling going on and 
certainly less completions going on in the market. 
That oil is not going anywhere. That 
shale is just the way it was when the prices were a lot higher. So if prices were to recover and it made sense, then our American domestic producers could go back to producing more and would then reset that decline on an upward slope so that we are, in fact, producing more oil each day than we did yester-day because we are bringing on more wells every single day to offset the nat-ural decline that each well will experi-ence. While we have got this window of opportunity, it is time now to lift this crude oil ban. 
Mr. Speaker, I am joined by my 
neighbor, who represents the southern two-thirds of New Mexico. More impor-tantly, he represents my three grandsons who live in Las Cruces, New Mexico. So I watch him like a hawk to make sure he is doing a good job rep-resenting my grandsons. 
I yield to the gentleman from New 
Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to bring to attention that we are engaged in a very important activity here. We are talking about American jobs. 
Now, some people dismiss jobs as 
being a four-letter word. Well, I mean it kind of is, but not that kind of four- letter word. It is an important piece. 
When I was born, my father was a 
sharecropper. In 1947, the year I was born, he made $200. The next year, the drought year, he made 50 bucks. 
Mom said, ‘‘We are leaving the 
farm.’’ She jumped in the pickup truck. Dad jumped in the back, along with us kids. There were three kids at that time, later to become six. 
They headed to the West. I don’t 
think they knew where they were going. I guess they would have stopped when they got to California. But they got 75 miles down the road and broke down 3 miles outside of Hobbs, New Mexico. They hitchhiked into Hobbs, and that is where I grew up. 
Dad was able to find a job almost im-
mediately in the oilfield. He got in at the lowest level, a roustabout, making $2.62 an hour. 
Now, to them, to my family who had 
made $200 for a full year’s work and $50 for the next year’s work, $2.62 an hour was the absolute pinnacle. 
They never moved from Hobbs. They 
stayed there and raised their six chil-dren on $2.62 an hour. And, of course, it graduated through the years. 
That is why I am passionate about 
this export ban. Because right now we have people in my home county who are being laid off because our oil is sit-ting in the pipelines. The pipelines going to Houston are filled up. And so companies are having to shut down wells. They are having to stop produc-tion. 
Now, some of the countries in the 
Baltics have come to Eddy County, which is one of the counties I rep-resent, and they have said, ‘‘We would 
buy your light, sweet oil. That crude oil is better than what we buy from Russia. We would stop buying from Russia and buy from you,’’ except we have this ban in place. We can’t ship oil out of this country. 
Now, we have to understand that 95 
percent of the world’s consumers are outside the United States. So when we have this self-imposed problem, this self-imposed restriction on sending a product that is very needed out there, know that we are penalizing American jobs. 
The President has been very, very ar-
dent in his willingness to create Ira-nian jobs because he insists that Iran should be able to export their oil while all the time saying that he is opposed to the idea of this bill. 
b1730 
We are going to consider this bill to-
morrow, and I think in my heart that we are doing things that would benefit people like my parents, people who did not have the option to move to New York and be on Wall Street. They didn’t have the option to move to Albu-querque or Dallas. They were where they could get to, and they were able to find work and raise a family. That is the people that I am fighting for, the people that don’t have other choices. 
Now, the oilfield provides very good 
jobs. In this current energy revolution that is taking place in the country, this explosion of shale oil production, truck drivers in my hometown were re-ceiving $100,000 a year to drive a truck. If you wanted to work overtime, you could get up to $120,000. That is the sort of job that is now available to peo-ple like my father. If he were still working, those jobs would be out there. 
But it is not just the people in the oil 
and gas industry. It is the people who work in the convenience store at the corner. They are busy 24 hours a day, and the local convenience store oper-ator may have to pay $15 an hour just to attract people in. It benefits every-one, regardless if they are in oil and gas or not. 
In New Mexico, oil and gas provides 
about 40 percent to our State’s budget. I tell teachers on the other side of the State: With no oil and gas, you should be vitally interested in this export bill because, if we put people back to work in the oil industry, that money goes straight to the State government, and it helps pay your salary. 
Up and down the spectrum, people 
are benefited when we have a vital en-ergy economy. 
If we are going to allow our light 
sweet crude to be exported, people won-der: Are we going to run out of energy? Absolutely not. It is not going to get more expensive. 
Back when my father was working 
for Humble, which later became Exxon, they had a company philosophy. They were the largest energy company in the world. They simply said this area, the Permian Basin here in New Mexico, is going to run out of oil in the late 1980s, 
so they sold every producing well in that area. They simply moved out. 
Just a couple of years ago, a dis-
covery was made in southern New Mex-ico—keep in mind, some of the majors moved out, said there was no more fu-ture in this area; it is going to be out of oil—and a discovery was made that is going to produce more oil from that one field than has been produced in New Mexico through the whole of New Mexico in all of its history, from one field that was discovered recently. 
We have this kind of thing where peo-
ple are saying, well, we have got to worry and we have got to think about the future and save it for the future. No, there is as much oil out there un-used as we have used in New Mexico. So let us have New Mexico jobs. Let us continue to export now instead of al-lowing the oil to fill up the pipelines and shut down jobs. That is the main reason that I am supporting this. 
Obviously, I appreciate the fact that 
energy is national security. The low energy prices now are rebuilding the manufacturing economy. As we drive the price of oil down—and keep in mind that the consumers benefit from that. Gasoline had gotten to over $4. Now, then, it is right down in the $2 range. So it benefits the consumers. 
It is also attracting back industries 
that manufacture. That is essential for that kind of business. If you are going to manufacture, you need affordable, reliable energy. Firms are moving back here in order to produce. That is cre-ating even other jobs that don’t even seem associated with the energy busi-ness. 
So, again, you have many, many rea-
sons for supporting this energy export bill, and I urge my colleagues to do that. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from New Mexico for his thoughts and comments. He and I are blessed to share a group of people who work across that State line between Texas and New Mexico—our districts are contiguous with each other—who live in one State, work in the other, vice versa, some of the hardest work-ing, most dedicated, patriotic folks on the face of the Earth, like his dad and his mom who have built wealth, raised a family, protected that family, and produced a U.S. Congressman. It makes them easy to talk about and easy to defend. 
I want to flush out this idea of the 
geopolitical aspects of lifting the ban. I was recently in a Baltic country in conversations with one of the top two leaders, and I had the chance to ask a question of the Prime Minister. I said: Mr. Prime Minister, if you could buy crude oil directly from the United States, would it make your issues with Putin and all the mischief and things he is up to less difficult to deal with? 
He lit up like a Christmas tree. He 
said: Oh, absolutely, absolutely. We would love to buy U.S. crude and not spend that money with Putin and Rus-sia and help lift the boot—the Russian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.060 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6927 October 8, 2015 
boot off their neck—that is driven by 
crude oil and natural gas. 
If they could supply to these coun-
tries that can’t supply themselves, then there is absolutely no reason whatsoever that they shouldn’t be run-ning our light sweet crude through their refineries at this point in time. 
Steve talked about his dad. My dad 
was the same way in the sense that if rigs—he was a roughneck, and rough-necks are that hardy group of individ-uals who work on a drilling rig. It is dangerous. It is hard. It is 24 hours a day. They work 8-hour shifts. 
My dad would pull doubles in order to 
get the extra time and a half so the cash flow to the family would be enough to feed my brother, sister, me, and my mom. He lost a part of a finger as a part of that experience. If the rigs were running in Borger, Texas—we lived in Borger, Texas, where I was born. If the rigs were running in Odes-sa, Texas, we moved to Odessa, Texas, because my dad thought it was more important to have a job than nec-essarily where we lived because that was key. 
In the early 1990s, I was part of a 
group that did a needs assessment in Midland, Texas. And we sometimes lose sight of why jobs are important be-cause we talk a lot about it. But that needs assessment did a scientifically sound, statistically sound survey of Midland, asking folks what are the issues within your home, what are the issues within your neighborhood, what are the issues within your community that have a problem, that create this problem? We then winnowed those down to the top 10. 
If you looked at that list of top 10 
needs of Midland, Texas, at the time, 9 of those would have been positively im-pacted by somebody having a job. Whatever that need was, it was less of a problem if a family had a job than if they didn’t have a job. 
The jobs that this will create, jobs 
that this will protect and maintain are important. The unemployment rate in Midland, Texas, is still in the 3, 2 range, and Odessa is the lower 4. That hides some other issues associated with this problem; and that is, before the drop in the price of oil, not only were there a lot of jobs, but a lot of those jobs were providing some 10, 15, 20 hours of overtime each week to the people that were working. Overtime is a real boost because it is time and a half. 
Now, then, these folks still have a 
job, and with the decreased activity, the decreased drilling and all the other activity associated with the crude oil business, that overtime has evapo-rated. These folks still have a job, but they built commitments and bought trucks and other things based on that overtime, and they are now not getting it. So while they still have a job, the cash flow to their families is impacted. 
I had another opportunity to see the 
impact of that recently when I toured our local food bank and was discussing with them what was going on. They 
said that the elderly population com-ing to the food bank had dramatically increased over the last 4 or 5 months as a result of this drop in prices. 
I asked, Well, why is that? They said 
that many of these adults, these elder-ly adults, their families had been help-ing them with their monthly bills. Be-cause they had this extra overtime, they had extra money that they were able to help their families with, and now that that has evaporated, that trickle-down effect is impacting these elderly who are on fixed incomes and are having to now go to the food bank. Creating jobs, you just can’t overstate how important that is. 
I have now been joined by my fellow 
Texan from the Dallas area, P
ETESES-
SIONS , current chairman of the Com-
mittee on Rules. I yield to my good friend. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Chairman C
ONAWAY , 
I want to thank you for leading this ef-fort tonight as we talk to the Amer-ican people about what we are not only doing in Washington, D.C., but about what we began several years ago, a process of talking to our colleagues about how important it was that Amer-ica have a strong energy policy. Amer-ica is the only nation in the world that has a provision that does not allow the export of crude oil. 
Crude oil is something that we have 
been told for a long, long time, since the mid-1970s, that we are running out of. It is a natural resource that Amer-ica has an abundance of, but over the years that we are running out of oil, we are running out and depleting what we have. 
Then a few years ago, some bit of re-
ality took place because a change in technology, a change in technology that was called horizontal drilling, al-lowed those people who were in the oil patch actually drilling and doing the hard work necessary to extract this gift that we have in this country, de-veloped a process that would allow them to get 60 percent more oil than what had previously been provided for through those existing processes. 
Overnight, Americans saw that we 
also gained the advantage of getting more natural gas. The proven reserves of not only natural gas, but also crude oil shot up dramatically; and it became very apparent not only to the market-place, because we have seen consumer prices fall over the last few years from over $4.40 per gallon in lots of places to last week, in Dallas, Texas, 2 weeks ago, gasoline at $1.97. It is true, last weekend that I was home, it was $2.18. Mr. Speaker, I would sooner be paying between $1.99 and $2.18 for the gasoline that I use as opposed to the scare tac-tics of where we were just a few short years ago of over $4. 
What does this mean to the American 
consumer? What does this mean to families all over the United States? More importantly, what does it mean to America? It means that in testi-mony that was gathered yesterday at the Committee on Rules, on which I 
have a chance to serve as the chair-man, that we heard that they are ex-pecting at least 400,000 regular jobs that would be added to the economy. That would be all across the United States of America—New York, Illinois, Florida, North Carolina, all over this country—because it would encourage us to do more work, to be able, instead of taking these places and putting a stop on their production, we would now do more production, get it into the worldwide market, sell it overseas, and it becomes a product just like a farm product that can be sold around the world that would help America’s ex-ports. 
Mr. Speaker, I am here today to 
thank not only Chairman J
OEBARTON , 
but also Chairman M ICHAEL CONAWAY  
for the hard work that they have done to sell the ideas and the reality that America can have it both ways, and that is: we can produce our natural products; we can get more than 60 per-cent more out of the ground than we were getting before because of the technology; and we can help the Amer-ican consumer, moms and dads who need to get to work, who need to go to softball and football practice, and also to work and back and church and back, all in a way that they can meet their budget. 
I am pleased and proud to say, Chair-
man C
ONAWAY , you can count on me to-
morrow, that I will be there to support this great piece of legislation. I want to thank you for allowing me to be with you to talk about the importance of this bill and to wish you good luck tomorrow. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman of the Committee on Rules, P
ETE SESSIONS , for his kind 
words and also his support tomorrow. 
I think the bill that went through 
the Committee on Energy and Com-merce that started life as a Joe Barton bill will be the one that makes it to the floor tomorrow. 
We are expecting to have a really 
solid, bipartisan vote, by the way. This is not a partisan issue, per se, but the White House might try to make it that. This is a bipartisan issue. 
I yield to my colleague from Arkan-
sas, F
RENCH HILL. FRENCH . 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of this commonsense bill, which has been a long time in coming. 
I want to thank Mr. C
ONAWAY for his 
leadership in bringing it to the floor tomorrow, and the process the com-mittee used, which was a series of hear-ings through the process, supported by our chairman, supported by members on both sides of the aisle. 
I want to thank J
OEBARTON and Mr. 
CUELLAR of Texas for their leadership 
in recruiting cosponsors, a large bipar-tisan group of cosponsors, to bring this longstanding bill to the floor and the positive efforts it will have on our economy. 
b1745 
I would like to say to my friend, Mr. 
S
ESSIONS —and I invite him to come to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.061 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6928 October 8, 2015 
Little Rock—that I filled up last week 
for $1.82. So, perhaps Arkansas is a more competitive gas pricing market than even Texas. That may be the big-gest economic news of the day here on the floor. 
We have touched on the importance 
of American jobs. All of our American jobs in the oil patch right now are suf-fering due to low prices and low devel-opment budgets. I don’t have any doubt that when reserves are revalued Sep-tember 30 for our publicly traded com-panies, their oil and gas exploration lines of credit will be down because of pricing in the U.S.; and, therefore, this is a boost for the economic opportunity for jobs in the United States in devel-opment. 
I want to touch on the national secu-
rity aspects of this bill that I think are so important, Mr. Speaker. Early in the year, this House passed ways to im-prove liquefied natural gas to be devel-oped and shipped overseas to inter-national markets. We have an abun-dant amount of natural gas in this country. We are now the world’s lead-ing producer, and we have the oppor-tunity to provide natural gas in lique-fied form around the world to our allies in Asia and Europe. Likewise, elimi-nating the ban on crude oil, long out-grown by North American production and our economic success, will allow us to now, from a national security point of view, to have liquefied natural gas and crude oil as export potential and as economic job potential for the U.S. 
But more importantly, to our NATO 
allies and to our Asian allies, we offer them North American gas and crude oil as an alternative to the Mid East and, most importantly, Europe to Russia. For too long, our allies in Europe have been held hostage by the politics of the Mid East or the politics of Russia. This allows us to be a much better not only economic partner, but national secu-rity partner with our allies in Europe and our allies in Asia. 
I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, 
for the opportunity to come to the floor and speak in strong support of this bill to remove the export ban on crude oil in the United States. I urge my fellow Members, both Democrat and Republican, to provide a good, strong, bipartisan vote and send that message to the United States Senate to join us in passing this lifting of the ban, and to send a message to White House, Mr. Chairman, that a veto mes-sage here is not appropriate. 
I invite the President and the OMB 
and the Department of Energy to re-consider that, in fact, this is a national security benefit to the United States and a jobs and economic benefit to the United States, and it is not the kind of thing that our President should issue a veto threat on. 
Mr. CONAWAY. I thank the gen-
tleman from Arkansas for his com-ments and opinions on this issue. I hope his support draws Members of the other side of the aisle to our arguments and to make this happen. The gentleman mentioned the price 
he paid in Arkansas recently. I dare say, there is not another commodity in America that we don’t check the price on more often than gasoline. You may not buy gas every day, but every time you drive by a gasoline station, you check the price because it is right there for everybody to see. We don’t put the price of bread and milk up like that, but we do put the price of gaso-line up. 
I have got a district that has 29 coun-
ties and is 300 miles wide and 200-plus miles north to south. We do a lot of driving. My district director and I are always looking for that better gasoline price deal in the district as we are moving around, because hardwired into most all of us that drive very much is to check those prices. 
This increased production in the 
United States will also help protect consumers from price shocks. I men-tioned that in 1974, the price of crude oil went from $3 a barrel to $12 a bar-rel, a fourfold increase. The more pro-duction you have from a stable envi-ronment like the United States, the less whipsaw you will get in the mar-ket from disruptions in supplies from places and part of the world where it is not quite as stable, such as the Middle East and others. 
So, this increased U.S. production 
will also help protect American con-sumers from being whipsawed by dra-matic increases in the price of crude oil because we have got that supply. 
I now yield to the gentleman from 
North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ), who is 
from another State benefitting from the shale play and someone that is probably more familiar with the Bakken Shale than anybody else. 
Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Chairman, your 
leadership on this has been great. 
As I think about what Mr. H
ILLfrom 
Arkansas was saying in expressing his appreciation for regular order and the committee process, this really is prob-ably one of the greatest examples since I have been in Congress of a piece of legislation and a concept that has gone through the process the way it is sup-posed to go through the process. Be-cause not only did the Energy and Commerce Committee have hearings on H.R. 702, which we are going to vote on tomorrow which lifts the ban, I know you had a bill that similarly lifts the ban. You had hearings in the Agri-culture Committee, which I think, by the way, the hearing you had was prob-ably the best hearing on the entire topic. You honed in on that impact on the consumer and the input costs for producing another important product: food. 
And we are pretty good in the United 
States in places like Texas and North Dakota and lots of places in between at growing food—enough food to feed not just Americans, but a hungry world, and enhance our trade balance and en-hance our economy in using the peace-ful tool of food rather than weapons of war. I think, similarly, the shale revolu-
tion presents the same opportunity that food does, and that is to use the peaceful tools of energy development in place of or to enhance weapons of war. 
One doesn’t need to be too creative to 
see that in the world today there is some chaos. When you have Vladimir Putin pushing further into Eastern Eu-rope, when you have him now bombing in Syria, when you have him selling arms to Iran, you have Iran being able to get arms and now being able to sell their oil in the global marketplace, to have this stabilizing impact of U.S. production into the global market-place, I think it can only benefit every-body. And that is true of not just stabi-lizing price, as we see the Brent global price much higher than the domestic WTI price. On average, over the last 5 years, that spread has been $11—a spread that is not enjoyed by con-sumers, but certainly harms economic opportunity and job opportunity in the United States. Your hearing really honed in on that cost to consumers and the benefit to consumers. Also, the hearing in the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee as well. 
So we have had three committees of 
jurisdiction talking about this issue and this bill coming to the floor tomor-row, going through the Rules Com-mittee, and the Rules Committee al-lowing a number of amendments to be debated and voted on tomorrow. Many amendments were introduced by Demo-cratic Members as well as Republican Members. It has just been a rich experi-ence. There are a number of issues re-lated to it. 
Coming from North Dakota, I can 
tell you firsthand that not that many years ago I was the economic develop-ment and finance director in the State of North Dakota at a time when we were just stabilizing out-migration. But part of the reason we were stabi-lizing it was because we lost so many of our young people. Our small towns were shrinking. While we were diversi-fying our economy a little bit here and there, the shale revolution that came along with the technology that com-bined fracking with horizontal drilling dramatically changed our State. 
Probably my favorite anecdote of the 
whole situation—while there are many—is the fact that the little town of Killdeer hadn’t had a football team for 20 years because they couldn’t field enough young men, and now they have a football team. And that is just illus-trative of what has happened in many of our small towns; because in the sup-ply chain in the oil and gas industry, the jobs are not only numerous, they are really good. They pay, on average, 25 percent higher than the national av-erage. 
So it really is a grand opportunity 
that is somewhat being lost—certainly, its potential is being lost—because we are now sort of hemmed in with light sweet crude being produced more than we can use in our refineries in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.063 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6929 October 8, 2015 
United States, especially the light 
sweet crude which our refineries are not set up to take, for the most part, but refineries outside the United States are set up to take, for the most part. In fact, 92 percent of the oil re-fined outside of the United States is light sweet crude. Only about 25, 30 percent of the refining capacity in the United States is set up to take light sweet crude. So that distinction is im-portant to understand when you see that we are now overproducing for the refinery capacity we have in our coun-try. 
I want to address, Mr. Speaker, some 
comments made earlier this week by Secretary of Energy Ernie Moniz, a man I have great respect for—clearly, an intellect. He made some comments in the Senate Commerce Committee that, while technically accurate, I sup-pose were certainly incomplete. He had said that now is not the time to lift the oil export ban; and he said that accord-ing to the EIA, somehow we weren’t really hemmed in because we were still importing some oil. 
It ignores so many things, not the 
least of which is that distinction be-tween light sweet and heavy sour that I talked about just moments ago; the fact that our refineries, for the most part, in the United States are set up for the heavy sour that we aren’t pro-ducing an excess of—and, by the way, about 30 percent of which are owned by vertically integrated companies out-side of the United States who have more of an interest in buying their oil than ours. But the world is really where the opportunity exists. 
The other thing that he ignores in his 
statement saying that we are not yet hemmed in, he ignores just the natural order of things, that global markets, global demand being accessible to do-mestic producers, U.S. producers, will grow the production. You can’t expect people to produce more of something than they can sell or than can be used in their limited market. If we have ac-cess to the global demand, of course we are going to produce more—that is the whole point—creating more jobs, more entrepreneurial opportunities. 
The other thing that bothers me 
about what Secretary Moniz said about now not being the time is that it ig-nores so many things. It ignores the fact that we still have a very low work-force participation rate in this coun-try. We need more jobs. We have many people that are either underemployed, unemployed, no longer looking for work, and these are good, high-paying jobs up and down the supply chain. 
And lest we forget, they are not just 
jobs in the oil patch. It is not just in west Texas; it is not just in Houston; it is not just in North Dakota or Okla-homa or New Mexico. These jobs are in every State in the country. 
In fact, according to the Energy 
Equipment and Infrastructure Alli-ance, which did a vast study on this, the third leading recipient of new jobs, if this export ban is lifted, is the State of Illinois. And you might wonder, 
well, why is it? Well, because Illinois has a lot of manufacturing, especially a lot of large equipment manufacturing. Those manufacturing jobs are great for families. They are great for the econ-omy. They are great for startup busi-ness opportunities. So it is every State in the country that benefits. Secretary Moniz certainly dismisses that, or at least ignores it, in his statements. 
I want to wrap up with this point. I 
always like to say that America’s na-tional security and America’s eco-nomic security are tied directly to America’s energy security. I touched on it earlier, but there has never been a time certainly in my public service when the world was in a more fragile state, and certainly chaos is reigning. 
I talked about Vladimir Putin’s push 
into Eastern Europe, his bombing of Syria, his alliance with Iran. 
Iran, by the way, is another major 
producer of oil, who, as per the Iran nu-clear deal, now gets to sell their oil onto the global marketplace. But our President thinks it is a better idea for them than he does for United States producers. He ignores the opportunity that, again, the peaceful development of oil and gas and the production of it and then the marketing of it in the global marketplace, the opportunity that has to spread influence and create peace in places that desperately need it, especially for our allies. 
It is interesting. I doubt that the 
folks that scheduled the floor time for tomorrow’s bill had this in mind, be-cause this was more of a process of reg-ular order than it was the calendar; but we are, right now, in the middle of the 42-year recognition of the Yom Kippur War. 
b1800 
The Yom Kippur War was what sort 
of began, really started, the energy cri-sis that led to the 1973 embargoes. We are reliving, in many respects, some of the geopolitical aspects of that time and that situation. 
Our friends in Israel are not sure 
whether we are with them or not as a country, whether we are going to be with them on big issues, dependent on Russian oil largely, a Russia that is playing bad in the neighborhood, and uncertainty as to who is going to fill the leadership vacuum in places like Syria, a very important player, 42, 43 years ago. 
There is a lot adding up to this being 
a very, very important vote tomorrow on lifting the export ban on H.R. 702. There are things adding up that we didn’t even contemplate at the time that the bill was introduced. 
But it is a grand opportunity to se-
cure America’s economy, secure Amer-ica’s national security while at the same time spreading our influence of freedom and free enterprise around the world. 
So I am looking forward to, hope-
fully, a lot of bipartisan votes tomor-row, a big vote, so that we can send that over to the United States Senate, 
who I know has a different standard than we have. But, hopefully, we can show them the way. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding so 
much time to me. 
Mr. CONAWAY. I thank the gen-
tleman from North Dakota, clearly, a State that is a major player in this oil and gas renaissance that has occurred over the last 5 years. 
I would also like to point out that 
the oil and gas business, per se, is an incredibly fertile ground for small business development. And my dad, I mentioned earlier, was a great example of this. 
There are lots of narrow-focused as-
pects of the service side of the busi-ness. We all think of the drilling rigs and the big investments there, but there are various aspects, whether it is hauling things or mud or whatever is the deal, where entrepreneurs, men and women who want to take a little risk, can put a little capital together, put some tools together, and begin serv-icing an aspect of the business that is there. 
So it is incredibly fertile in terms of 
setting up new businesses. I have got one group in Eastland, Texas, that, just as the renaissance was beginning to start, they thought it was a good idea to get into some aspect of the fracking business and, over a very short period of time, built that business into a multi-billion-dollar deal and sold it. 
So incredible wealth was created as a 
result of small businesses turning into a medium-sized business, turning into a big business, and then, ultimately, sold to another bigger business for an awful lot of money. 
And every time that happens there 
are jobs created associated with that and wealth created with that that ben-efits not only those individual commu-nities, but all of us that are involved. 
We failed to mention that there is no 
ban on exporting product. Crude oil that is refined, turned into gasoline, turned into diesel, there is no ban on that. 
So refiners today can take that 
heavy crude that they use and the lit-tle bit of light, sweet crude that they use, turn that into a product that they then can sell into the world market, and the same folks can sell it back into our communities for us to use in our cars and in our trucks. 
That gasoline, in the main, particu-
larly by folks, individuals, is bought with after-tax dollars. That means they have had to earn a buck, pay the taxes on it, and then take what is left out of that dollar to actually buy gaso-line. 
As we have seen over the last several 
months, these lower gasoline prices have been a big boon to folks in our country that have to drive a car to get to work or take their kids to school, whatever it might be. 
So if you have got a $1 or a $2 drop in 
the price of gasoline and you are buy-ing 15 gallons a week or 15 gallons 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.064 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6930 October 8, 2015 
every so often, that is $15 to $30 of 
after-tax dollars that you can then spend somewhere else to benefit you and your family. 
Another aspect of what is happening 
is not related to what will go into the bill tomorrow, but it is something we have talked about on this floor ad nau-seam, and that is the XL Pipeline. This pipeline is designed to haul Canadian oil sand oil, bitumen oil, that is, in ef-fect, heavy crude south to the United States. 
This is the kind of crude that could 
run our refineries and our refineries would desperately like to have rather than buying the heavy crude from Ven-ezuela and other places where the re-cipients of our checks when we buy that crude oil aren’t necessarily friends of ours, aren’t necessarily on the same geopolitical page that we are on. 
So having that pipeline would be an-
other aspect of freeing up this market. The more efficient you can make mar-kets, the less artificial restraints, the less goofy things you have got in there, then the better pricing mechanisms you get, the better and the more effi-cient those markets are, and then ev-erybody up and down that chain bene-fits from that. 
As I mentioned earlier, we have got 
this odd circumstance where the pro-ducers in the United States sell on the West Texas Intermediate number to a refinery. That refinery then turns it into gasoline, and they sell it based on the Brent crude. 
So there is a differential being made 
by somebody, and shrinking that dif-ferential is what will keep the price of gasoline and diesel from increasing. 
One of the arguments for folks who 
don’t represent producing provinces is: Why would I be in favor of something that would increase the folks I rep-resent gasoline and diesel prices? 
Every study has shown that that will 
not happen. Now, the price of gasoline and diesel will go up by the world mar-ket. But as a result of lifting this ex-port ban, it will, in fact, not increase the price of gasoline as we produce it. 
This is a win on every level. It is a 
win for consumers, as I have men-tioned, it is a win for taxpayers, and it is a win for taxing entities. 
My colleagues from North Dakota 
and from Arkansas mentioned that re-serves in the ground are valued for property tax purposes, and those prop-erty taxes that are generated from that then support our schools and other county, city, and State functions. 
As that developed crude oil is ex-
plored and those producing wells come online, that creates a property tax base that benefits all of the taxpayers in those particular entities. 
So it is a win across the world. It is 
a win for our allies and the geopolitical issues that we have talked about. So it is good for this country. It is good for jobs. And it is something that I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle can thoroughly look at. They have had plenty of time to do it. As was mentioned, it went through 
regular order, several hearings on the issue, actual legislation went through the subcommittee and the committee, the normal regular order, as we like to say around here, and everyone has had a chance to weigh in. 
Tomorrow there will be some amend-
ments made in order under the rule. Folks will be able to weigh in. Some of those I will support. Some of those I will be against. But they were all pre-sented as a way to get someone else’s idea about this issue to the floor to have us debate it. I think that is a healthy thing, that we will be able to do that tomorrow. Some of those will perhaps pass, and some of them won’t. 
But whatever happens, I have got 
great confidence that the bill that we will pass tomorrow with a big bipar-tisan vote can then go to the Senate and move the ball and move the initia-tive over there. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gen-
tleman from Texas, whose work on this issue started his career in this business and has just joined us and is the lead sponsor on the bill that we will be vot-ing on tomorrow. 
We have got probably 4 or 5 minutes 
left. I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ), my chairman 
emeritus of the Energy and Commerce Committee, the Dean of the Texas dele-gation, for whatever thoughts he might care to share with us. 
Mr. BARTON. I thank the gentleman 
from Midland, Texas, the chairman of the Agriculture Committee and a stal-wart original sponsor of the bill. I ap-preciate your leadership, and I appre-ciate you doing this Special Order. 
Mr. Speaker, tomorrow we are going 
to have a debate on H.R. 702. It is a bill to repeal the ban on crude oil exports. This is the last remnant of the 1970s era energy policy for America that said we were running out of energy and that the only way to use the energy we did have was to keep it in the United States. 
As a consequence of the Arab oil em-
bargo, we had price controls on oil. We had price controls on natural gas. We had limits on what natural gas could be used for. We had a very restrictive, defeatist, in my opinion, energy policy. 
All that has been repealed except for 
one thing, and that is this ban on crude oil exports. There are a number of opinions about why that has not been repealed, but I think the primary rea-son is that, until the last 5 years, Mr. Speaker, we really didn’t have a sig-nificant amount of oil that could be ex-ported. 
But a funny thing happened. Some 
engineers in Texas—I have to give my State credit—developed two tech-nologies, one called hydraulic frac-turing where you pressurize a forma-tion, and another where you can turn the drill bit and drill horizontally. 
The combination of hydraulic frac-
turing and horizontal drilling has transformed what were considered to be uneconomic reserves, i.e., these tight shale formations in south Texas 
in the Eagle Ford, in North Dakota in the Bakken, in Louisiana, and up in through Pennsylvania, Ohio, and New York, into economically producible oil and gas formations. 
The consequence is, in the last 5 
years, U.S. oil production has doubled. It got as high as almost $10 million a barrel about a year ago. Because of the collapse in oil prices, that production level has declined some, but the capac-ity is still there. 
So we have created a surplus in the 
domestic market of this light, sweet shale oil, but we can’t export it. So what has developed is a two-tiered price market. You have a domestic price for oil in the United States that is anywhere from $2 to as much as $30 below the world price, which is set by North Sea oil called Brent. 
That price differential is causing 
wells in the United States to shut in. It is preventing new wells from being driven. 
If we can pass our bill tomorrow and 
the Senate pass it and the President sign it, that price differential, Mr. Speaker, will go away, and we will be competitive to export oil into the world market. 
If we are able to do that, good things 
happen. We create jobs in the United States. We put pressure on OPEC and Russia in the world market. We prob-ably bring that world price down slightly, which will result in lower gas-oline prices for United States con-sumers. 
We will be competitive in the energy 
markets everywhere in this world. In Asia, in South America, in Western Eu-rope, Central Europe, U.S. oil will be used as an economic product, but also as a strategic asset for the security of our country. 
So, Mr. Speaker, we hope to have a 
big vote on that tomorrow, somewhere between noon and 1:00. We have, I think, 10 amendments the Rules Com-mittee has made in order. Some of those we will accept. Some of them we will oppose. 
But it has been an open process, 
hearings in a number of committees, including your committee, Mr. Chair-man, the Agriculture Committee, open markup in subcommittee of Energy and Commerce, full committee, and amendments accepted from both sides of the aisle that will be on the floor to-morrow. 
So H.R. 702 is good for America, good 
for the country. It is a job-creation bill, and we hope that we will get a big vote tomorrow afternoon. 
Mr. CONAWAY. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
I want to brag on the House for hav-
ing conducted this business with re-spect to this bill the way it has. 
If you go back to your grade school 
or your junior high civics classes, I’m a bill on Capitol Hill trying to become a law, this is exactly what happened with this deal. It went through the process the way it is supposed to, kind of the old-fashioned deal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.065 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6931 October 8, 2015 
We hope to see tomorrow a big bipar-
tisan vote so the American people can at least in this one glimmer look and say, hey, the House of Representatives functioned the way that the Founding Fathers intended it to and moved an important piece of legislation forward. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to a big 
vote tomorrow. I yield back the bal-ance of time. 
f 
WATER PROBLEMS IN THE CITY 
OF FLINT, MICHIGAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan). Under the Speak-
er’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) for 
30 minutes. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that I have 5 legis-lative days—and any other speaker who may arrive—to revise and extend remarks and include extraneous mate-rial on the subject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I come to 
the floor today just to take a few min-utes to call attention to a problem that I have been trying to raise in this body and in my work before I came to Con-gress for some time, specifically, to de-scribe the conditions in my own home-town of Flint, Michigan. 
The subject that I am addressing is 
the unique and really difficult chal-lenges facing America’s older indus-trial cities, cities like my hometown of Flint, Michigan, a city that is the birthplace of General Motors. It is where the first UAW contract was cre-ated, was signed. But it is a city that has really struggled as it has made this transition from the old to the new economy. 
It is a city that had 200,000 people 
just a couple of decades ago and now hovers right around 100,000 citizens, a poorer city than it once was, a city that has lost 90 percent of its manufac-turing jobs. 
b1815 
I raise this because I believe that this 
Congress and the Federal Government have an obligation to reinvest in these communities, communities that helped build this country and that can have a significant effect on our future. These are the cities where innovation took place and where it can take place again. 
But my own hometown right now is 
struggling, struggling with a problem, unfortunately, that is not entirely of its own making. My home of Flint, a city that was once really the center of the auto manufacturing universe, can’t even guarantee to its citizens one of the most essential functions of govern-ment. It can’t guarantee to citizens that it can deliver clean, drinkable water to their households. We have elevated lead levels in the 
city of Flint in their water system. It has been known for some time, for about a year that there have been sig-nificant problems with water quality in Flint. And despite protests, really, at the State and Federal levels, public of-ficials saying that there is no problem with the water, that it is completely safe to drink—in fact, one State offi-cial told city of Flint residents that they just needed to simply relax. 
It has been revealed recently through 
independent studies, now confirmed by the State government, that we have lead levels far in excess of what is al-lowed under the Federal lead and cop-per rules. This is completely unaccept-able. 
In fact, what makes this even more 
troubling is that this is a tragic set of circumstances that has public health implications for the citizens of my community that were completely avoidable, that are the result of deci-sions that were made by the State of Michigan when it took over control of this fiscally stressed city. 
This is a city that is struggling in a 
lot of different ways. Twice in the last decade, it has been under the control of a receiver, of a State-appointed emer-gency manager that takes away the au-thority of local government officials to make decisions for themselves, takes away the authority of the Flint citi-zens to elect their own representatives to govern themselves, and places au-thority to control the city in the hands of a single master, an emergency man-ager. 
Well, it was during the period of time 
that one of those emergency managers was in control that the State decided for the city of Flint that, for a tem-porary period of time, simply to save money, it would begin to draw water, rather than from the city of Detroit water system, which had a water source from Lake Huron, but it would begin to draw water from the Flint River, a small river that passes through our hometown, a river that is the namesake of our own community. 
The sad thing is—and this tells you a 
little bit about how some folks in dif-ferent levels of government at the Fed-eral and State level think about these older cities. There was no robust re-view, no testing, no examination as to whether or not this river water would result in clean water being delivered to homes, drinkable water delivered to citizens. As a result, this water drawn from the Flint River is substantially more corrosive and has led to lead leaching from the pipes in the delivery system into the drinking water in Flint homes. 
In fact, there was a study that was 
just done in the last day or two that shows that in Flint school district buildings, water being delivered to Flint schoolchildren has lead levels far above the actionable level under the EPA lead and copper rule. 
Think about this. In the 21st century 
in the United States of America, we have a city, a great, old city that was 
a part of the industrial revolution, that can’t even deliver clean and safe drink-ing water to its citizens, not only be-cause of our failure to invest in infra-structure in this country, which is a big part of the problem, but largely be-cause officials at the State government simply decided, well, that Flint River water, that will be good enough. There was no real scientific research that de-termined whether or not that water would be safe—‘‘it will be fine.’’ And even when evidence was presented indi-cating that that water might be un-safe, Flint citizens were told by the State government to just relax; don’t worry about it. 
Well, that is a complete failure of 
government. It is a failure of govern-ment, frankly, at the Federal level be-cause, for almost a year now, I have been asking the EPA to intervene; to, first of all, help this old city of Flint rebuild itself and rebuild its water sys-tem by providing some relief through the clean drinking water revolving loan fund, some degree of loan forgive-ness, which is allowable under Federal law; but in this case, a technicality has prevented the EPA from allowing the State of Michigan to grant that kind of relief. That could make a huge dif-ference for the city and its ability to rebuild its own infrastructure. But so far, all we get from the EPA is ‘‘no,’’ and we asked for technical assistance from the EPA. 
Now, recently we have had more at-
tention; but, frankly, it is not enough. I mean, where is the urgency? 
If the role of the U.S. EPA is to en-
sure adherence to this rule, this law that requires clean and safe drinking water to be available to its citizens, they ought to do more than sit back and offer opinion. They need to be en-gaged. So I call on the EPA to take a much more focused role in making sure that the citizens of Flint have clean drinking water. 
I mentioned that this was not an ac-
cident. This decision to use this ques-tionable water source was done when the city was under financial receiver-ship, when an appointed emergency manager was making the decisions for the city of Flint. So here we had a situ-ation where this emergency manager, this outside new management is ap-pointed to come in and deal with the issue of fiscal insolvency and, by only looking at the short-term balance sheet, made a decision to get cheaper water that turned out to be dangerous for the residents of the city and, actu-ally, potentially has handed the city a huge cost to fix what could be hundreds of millions of dollars of permanent damage to the water system as a result of that decision. 
So an emergency manager comes in 
with the idea that somehow outside management is the only problem that this city faces, makes decisions that not only ruin the reputation of the city but also cause significant health risks, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.066 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6932 October 8, 2015 
and then hands the city a bill, poten-
tially to the tune of hundreds of mil-lions of dollars, and at the same time, over the last decade, has continued to cut direct support to that very city. I mean, this just doesn’t make sense. 
The citizens of the city are not re-
sponsible for the fact that its infra-structure has been allowed to deterio-rate. They are not responsible for the fact that at the Federal level and at the State level we have not supported redevelopment in these places. In fact, through transportation policy, housing 
policy, tax policy, land use policy at the Federal and State levels, we have actually, unfortunately, contributed to the hollowing out of these older cities, and now the citizens of this place have to pay the price. 
The failure to reinvest in these older 
cities is not without victims; and right now, it is the people of the city of Flint that are the victims of a failure at the Federal, frankly, and at the State level. It is something that just cannot be tolerated. 
So when we think about this ques-
tion, when we think about this par-ticular case of the city, my hometown of Flint, and the fact that these deci-sions have been made for them by peo-ple at the State capital, they are pay-ing the price. And almost inexplicably, even though today in a complete rever-sal, an admission of failure by the State, the State has come in and said now they are going to help facilitate the reconnection temporarily to the Detroit water system until a perma-nent Lake Huron line can be estab-lished. Inexplicably, there they are ac-tually asking the city government to empty out its remaining resources, fi-nancial resources, and put millions of dollars up to help contribute to pay for fixing a problem that the State govern-ment is actually responsible for mak-ing. The State broke the system, and now, yet again, it is the city residents who are being asked to contribute to pay for a problem that they did not create in the first place. 
Sadly, while this may seem like an 
extreme case, it is a pretty consistent tale all across this country, but espe-cially in the Northeast and Midwestern United States. But in the South and West as well, there are older cities that have, in the past, contributed greatly 
to economic growth in this country and have been allowed—in some ways, encouraged—to wither, to be hollowed out, and we can’t let this continue. 
So here when we see before our very 
eyes 30, 40, 50 American cities—as I said, including my own hometown— continue to fall farther and farther be-hind, have their infrastructure con-tinue to deteriorate, what do we spend our time talking about here in the United States Congress? Petty fights between Democrats and Republicans and, frankly, more recently, petty fights between Republicans and other Republicans. 
We haven’t even touched the idea of 
a big infrastructure bill that could help places not just like my hometown of Flint, but other places across the Mid-west and across the country that could be much more productive if we simply had 21st century infrastructure, a water system that can deliver clean water to its residents. 
There is no excuse. There is no ex-
cuse at the Federal level for us not pro-viding the kind of help that would make a place like Flint a far more pro-ductive place with decent roads, good schools, and a water system that deliv-ers clean water. I mean, that seems pretty fundamental, and it is. Without that, these older communities, these older cities have no chance of con-necting to the new economy, no chance of contributing the way they are capa-ble of to the next economy of this country. It is shameless that we haven’t seen the urgency that I think is required in order to deal with this enormous problem. 
There are victims of this failure. 
There are victims, individuals who have been really left behind because of the failure at the Federal and at the State level. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I know I have taken 
a few moments. I don’t need to take the full half hour that has been allot-ted to me because we will continue this discussion. We will continue this con-versation. 
I just want to make sure that the 
folks who are listening, the people in this body, people across the country understand that unless we take time, unless we make the effort in this body to address the problems of these older 
cities, we will not have done our job. It is important that the American people know that this Congress is willing to stand up for them and stand up for America’s cities. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. H UDSON (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today and October 9 on 
account of family reasons. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED 
Bills of the Senate of the following 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 32. An act to provide the Department of 
Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary; in addition, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
S. 2162. An act to establish a 10-year term 
for the service of the Librarian of Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on October 7, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 2835. To actively recruit members of 
the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection Officers. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 6 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, October 9, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the third quarter 
of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO TIMOR-LESTE, INDONESIA, NEPAL, AND KOSOVO, EXPENDED BETWEEN A UG. 11 AND AUG. 21, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Vern Buchanan ............................................... 8 /13 8 /15 Timor-Leste ....................................... .... .................... 383.26 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 383.26 
Hon. David Price ...................................................... 8 /13 8 /15 Timor-Leste .................................. ......... .................... 383.26 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 383.26 
Hon. Adrian Smith ................................................... 8 /13 8 /15 Timor-Leste .................................... ....... .................... 383.26 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 383.26 
Hon. Jim McDermott ................................................ 8 /14 8 /15 Timor-Leste ...................................... ..... .................... 191.63 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 191.63 
Hon. Dina Titus ....................................................... 8 /13 8 /15 Timor-Leste .................................. ......... .................... 383.26 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 383.26 
Hon. Susan Davis .................................................... 8 /13 8 /15 Timor-Leste .................................... ....... .................... 383.26 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 383.26 
Justin Wein .............................................................. 8 /13 8 /15 Timor-Leste ............................... ............ .................... 383.26 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 383.26 
Sean Brady .............................................................. 8 /13 8 /15 Timor-Leste ................................ ........... .................... 383.26 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 383.26 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K08OC7.068 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6933 October 8, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO TIMOR-LESTE, INDONESIA, NEPAL, AND KOSOVO, EXPENDED BETWEEN A UG. 11 AND AUG. 21, 2015— 
Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Vern Buchanan ............................................... 8 /15 8 /17 Indonesia ......................................... ..... .................... 512.56 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 512.56 
Hon. David Price ...................................................... 8 /15 8 /17 Indonesia .................................... .......... .................... 512.56 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 512.56 
Hon. Adrian Smith ................................................... 8 /15 8 /17 Indonesia ...................................... ........ .................... 512.56 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 512.56 
Hon. Jim McDermott ................................................ 8 /15 8 /17 Indonesia ........................................ ...... .................... 512.56 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 512.56 
Hon. Dina Titus ....................................................... 8 /15 8 /17 Indonesia .................................... .......... .................... 512.56 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 512.56 
Hon. Susan Davis .................................................... 8 /15 8 /17 Indonesia ...................................... ........ .................... 512.56 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 512.56 
Justin Wein .............................................................. 8 /15 8 /17 Indonesia ................................. ............. .................... 512.56 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 512.56 
Sean Brady .............................................................. 8 /15 8 /17 Indonesia .................................. ............ .................... 512.56 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 512.56 
Hon. Vern Buchanan ............................................... 8 /17 8 /19 Nepal ............................................. ....... .................... 508.22 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 508.22 
Hon. David Price ...................................................... 8 /17 8 /19 Nepal ........................................ ............ .................... 508.22 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 508.22 
Hon. Adrian Smith ................................................... 8 /17 8 /19 Nepal .......................................... .......... .................... 508.22 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 508.22 
Hon. Jim McDermott ................................................ 8 /17 8 /19 Nepal ............................................ ........ .................... 508.22 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 508.22 
Hon. Dina Titus ....................................................... 8 /17 8 /19 Nepal ........................................ ............ .................... 508.22 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 508.22 
Hon. Susan Davis .................................................... 8 /17 8 /19 Nepal .......................................... .......... .................... 508.22 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 508.22 
Justin Wein .............................................................. 8 /17 8 /19 Nepal ..................................... ............... .................... 508.22 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 508.22 
Sean Brady .............................................................. 8 /17 8 /19 Nepal ...................................... .............. .................... 508.22 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 508.22 
Hon. Vern Buchanan ............................................... 8 /19 8 /21 Kosovo ............................................ ....... .................... 406.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 406.00 
Hon. David Price ...................................................... 8 /19 8 /21 Kosovo ....................................... ............ .................... 326.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 326.00 
Hon. Adrian Smith ................................................... 8 /19 8 /21 Kosovo ......................................... .......... .................... 406.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 406.00 
Hon. Jim McDermott ................................................ 8 /19 8 /20 Kosovo ........................................... ........ .................... 163.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 163.00 
Hon. Dina Titus ....................................................... 8 /19 8 /21 Kosovo ....................................... ............ .................... 406.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 406.00 
Hon. Susan Davis .................................................... 8 /19 8 /21 Kosovo ......................................... .......... .................... 406.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 406.00 
Justin Wein .............................................................. 8 /19 8 /21 Kosovo .................................... ............... .................... 326.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 326.00 
Sean Brady .............................................................. 8 /19 8 /21 Kosovo ..................................... .............. .................... 326.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 326.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 13,805.69 .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... 13,805.69 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN, Sept. 20, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPE NDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND 
SEPT. 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Frank Lucas .................................................... 8 /31 9 /1 Switzerland ..................................... ...... 749.30 785.42 .................... 9,263.35 .................... .................... .................... 10,048.77 
Hon. Frank Lucas .................................................... 9 /1 9 /4 France ........................................... ........ 887.58 995.04 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 995.0 4 
Hon. Eddie Bernice Johnson .................................... 8 /31 9 /1 Switzerland ........................................... 749.30 785.42 .................... 14,351.75 .................... .................... .................... 15,137.17 
Hon. Eddie Bernice Johnson .................................... 9 /1 9 /4 France ................................................. .. 887.58 995.04 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 995.04 
Tom Hammond ........................................................ 8 /31 9 /1 Switzerland ...................................... ..... 749.30 785.42 .................... 2,987.45 .................... .................... .................... 3,772.87 
Tom Hammond ........................................................ 9 /1 9 /4 France ............................................ ....... 817.58 916.57 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 916.57  
Adam Rosenberg ..................................................... 8 /31 9 /1 Switzerland ...................................... ..... 749.30 785.42 .................... 2,987.45 .................... .................... .................... 3,772.87 
Adam Rosenberg ..................................................... 9 /1 9 /4 France ............................................ ....... 817.58 916.57 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 916.57  
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 6,964.90 .................... 29,590 .................... .................... ......... ........... 36,554.90 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Oct. 1, 2015. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3107. A letter from the Acting Congres-
sional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Fee Increases for Over-time Services [Docket No.: APHIS-2009-0047] received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3108. A letter from the Acting Congres-
sional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim rule — Golden Nematode; Re-moval of Regulated Areas in Orleans, Nas-sau, and Suffolk Counties, New York [Docket No.: APHIS-2015-0040] received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
3109. A letter from the Acting Congres-
sional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Importation of Tomato Plantlets in Approved Growing Media From Mexico [Docket No.: APHIS-2014-0099] (RIN: 0579-AE06) received October 5, 2015, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
3110. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (Greene County, PA, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA-2015-0001] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8401] received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
3111. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Reportable Events and Certain Other Notifi-cation Requirements (RIN: 1212-AB06) re-ceived October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
3112. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Allocation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Benefits Payable in Terminated Sin-gle-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Paying Benefits received Oc-tober 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and 
the Workforce. 
3113. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Multiemployer Plans; Electronic Filing Re-quirements (RIN: 1212-AB28) received Octo-ber 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
3114. A letter from the Administrator, U.S. 
Energy Information Administration, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report entitled ‘‘The Availability and Price of Petroleum and Petroleum Products Produced in Countries Other Than Iran’’, the twenty-third in a series of reports required by Sec. 1245(d)(4)(A) of the National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2012; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3115. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Listing of Color Additives Exempt From Cer-tification; Mica-Based Pearlescent Pigments [Docket No.: FDA-2015-C-1154] received Octo-ber 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3116. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC7.008 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6934 October 8, 2015 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-
cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Revisions to the Minor New Source Review (NSR) State Implementation Plan (SIP) for Port-
able Facilities [EPA-R06-OAR-2010-0283; FRL-9935-04-Region 6] received October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3117. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Alabama; Infra-structure Requirements for the 2008 Lead Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA- R04-OAR-2013-0185; FRL-9935-21-Region 4] re-ceived October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3118. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Butanedioic Acid, 2-Meth-ylene-, Homopolymer, Sodium Salt; Inert In-gredient Tolerance Exemption [EPA-HQ- OPP-2015-0395; FRL-9933-74] received October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3119. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Rhode Island; Sulfur Content of Fuels [EPA-R01-OAR-2014-0605; A-1-FRL-9935-31-Re-gion 1] received October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3120. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Promulgation of State Im-plementation Plan Revisions; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Ozone, 2008 Lead, and 2010 NO2 National Ambient Air Quality Standards; North Dakota [EPA-R08-OAR- 2012-0974; FRL-9935-15-Region 8] received Oc-tober 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3121. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Dimethyl sulfoxide; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0630; FRL-9934-17] re-ceived October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3122. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Kentucky Infra-structure Requirements for the 2008 Lead NAAQS [EPA-R04-OAR-2014-0443; FRL-9935- 19-Region 4] received October 6, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3123. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Kentucky: New Sources in or Impacting Nonattainment Areas [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0384; FRL-9935-22- Region 4] received October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3124. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Georgia Infra-
structure Requirements for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards [EPA-R04-OAR-2012-0696; FRL-9935-24- Region 4] received October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3125. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Maine; General Permit Regulations for Non-metallic Mineral Processing Plants and Con-crete Batch Plants [EPA-R01-OAR-2015-0527; A-1-FRL-9935-33-Region 1] received October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3126. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Trans-1,3,3,3- tetrafluoroprop-1-ene; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP- 2012-0043; FRL-9934-74] received October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3127. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Cellulose Carboxymethyl Ether, Potassium Salt; Tolerance Exemption [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0482; FRL-9934-45] re-ceived October 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3128. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; MI; In-frastructure SIP Requirements for the 2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, 2010 SO2, and 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS [EPA-R05-OAR-2014-0657; FRL-9935- 18-Region 5] received October 7, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3129. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Infra-structure for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA- R06-OAR-2014-0205; FRL-9935-44-Region 6] re-ceived October 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3130. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Oregon: Lane Regional Air Protection Agency Open Burning Rules and Oregon Department of Environmental Quality Enforcement Proce-dures [EPA-R10-OAR-2014-0562; FRL-9935-48- Region 10] received October 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3131. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Governmentwide Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Prin-ciples, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards [FRL-9926-01-OARM] (RIN: 2030-AA99) received October 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
3132. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule: 2015 Revisions and Confidentiality De-terminations for Petroleum and Natural Gas Systems [EPA-HQ-OAR-2014-0831; FRL-9935- 50-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS37) received October 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3133. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — NESHAP for Brick and Structural Clay Products Manufacturing; and NESHAP for Clay Ceramics Manufac-turing [EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0290 and EPA-HQ- OAR-2013-0291; FRL-9933-13-OAR] (RIN: 2060- AP69) received October 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3134. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed item to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to Sec. 1512 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for FY 1999 (Pub. L. 105-261), as amended by Sec. 146 of the Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for FY 1999 (Pub. L. 105-277), and the President’s Sep-tember 29, 2009 delegation of authority [74 Fed. Reg. 50,913 (Oct. 2, 2009)]; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
3135. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to significant malicious cyber-enabled activities that was declared in Executive Order 13694 of April 1, 2015, as re-quired by Sec. 401(c) of the National Emer-gencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and Sec. 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
3136. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to South Sudan that was declared in Executive Order 13664 of April 3, 2014, as required by Sec. 401(c) of the Na-tional Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and Sec. 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3137. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Sudan that was de-clared in Executive Order 13067 of November 3, 1997, as required by Sec. 401(c) of the Na-tional Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and Sec. 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), and pursuant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3138. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule and technical amendment — Ocean Dumping: Expansion of an Ocean Dredged Material Disposal Site Offshore of Jacksonville, Florida [EPA-R04-OW-2014-0372; FRL-9934-57-Region 4] received October 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
3139. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Effluent Limitations Guide-lines and Standards for the Steam Electric 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08OC7.000 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6935 October 8, 2015 
Power Generating Point Source Category 
[EPA-HQ-OW-2009-0819; FRL-9930-48-OW] (RIN: 2040-AF14) received October 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
3140. A letter from the Deputy General 
Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Women-Owned Small Business Federal Contract Program (RIN: 3245-AG72) received October 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness. 
3141. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a letter respectfully urging Congress to take action as soon as possible and raise the debt limit well before Treasury exhausts its extraor-dinary measures; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3142. A letter from the Acting Commis-
sioner, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Annual Report on Continuing Disability Reviews for FY 2013, pursuant to Sec. 221(i) of the Social Security Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3143. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Department of Commerce, transmitting draft legislation to implement the Conven-tion on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes; jointly to the Committees on Natural Resources and the Judiciary. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, 
Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Ms. M OORE , Ms. C ASTOR of Flor-
ida, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
of New Mexico, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. 
TEDLIEU of California, Mr. N OR-
CROSS , and Mr. M OULTON ): 
H.R. 3708. A bill to amend the Balanced 
Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 to provide for an increase in the dis-cretionary spending limit for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Rules, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself and 
Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK ): 
H.R. 3709. A bill to make permanent the 
pilot program administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs regarding enhanced con-tract care authority for the health care needs of veterans located in highly rural areas, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. L
AMALFA (for himself, Mr. 
COSTA , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. R OONEY  
of Florida, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. E LLMERS  
of North Carolina, and Mr. Y OHO): 
H.R. 3710. A bill to amend the Plant Pro-
tection Act with respect to authorized uses of methyl bromide, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. VARGAS: 
H.R. 3711. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Interior to conduct a special resource study of Chicano Park, located in San Diego, California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. B
ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. 
NORTON ): 
H.R. 3712. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve access to mental health services under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. 
C
ONYERS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Mr. C HABOT , 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-
fornia, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and 
Mr. P IERLUISI ): 
H.R. 3713. A bill to reform sentencing laws, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BOST (for himself, Ms. M
ENG, 
Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, 
and Mr. R OONEY of Florida): 
H.R. 3714. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to allow the Small Business Admin-istration to establish size standards for small agricultural enterprises using the same process for establishing size standards for small business concerns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness. 
By Ms. BROWN of Florida: 
H.R. 3715. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to permit interments, funerals, memorial services, and ceremonies of de-ceased veterans at national cemeteries and State cemeteries receiving grants from the Department of Veterans Affairs during cer-tain weekends if requested for religious rea-sons; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself, Mr. 
W
ELCH , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD ): 
H.R. 3716. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to require States to pro-vide to the Secretary of Health and Human Services certain information with respect to provider terminations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. FATTAH: 
H.R. 3717. A bill to provide for the estab-
lishment of a grant program to support United States-Israel cooperation for neuro-science-related research and related techno-logical innovation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARNEY ): 
H.R. 3718. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to curb waste, fraud, and abuse in the Medicare and Medicaid programs; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GUINTA (for himself and Ms. 
K
USTER ): 
H.R. 3719. A bill to provide for the com-
prehensive approach to eradication of the heroin epidemic, to develop the best prac-tices in law enforcement and prescription medication prescribing practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. 
N
ORTON , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. T ONKO , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mrs. T ORRES ): 
H.R. 3720. A bill to encourage water effi-
ciency; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Oversight and Government Reform, Armed Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HINOJOSA (for himself, Mr. 
P
OLIS, and Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
H.R. 3721. A bill to expand the use of open 
textbooks in order to achieve savings for stu-dents; to the Committee on Education and 
the Workforce. 
By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. P ETER -
SON, Mr. M CCAUL, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS  
of California, Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida): 
H.R. 3722. A bill to strengthen our mental 
health system and improve public safety; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, Veterans’ Affairs, Appro-priations, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. P OEof 
Texas): 
H.R. 3723. A bill to provide for media cov-
erage of Federal appellate court proceedings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. NOEM (for herself and Mr. 
R
OSKAM ): 
H.R. 3724. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commis-sioner of the Internal Revenue Service from rehiring any employee of the Internal Rev-enue Service who was involuntarily sepa-rated from service for misconduct; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 3725. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of the Treasury to guarantee principal and interest payments on bonds issued by the government of the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, including its public corporations and instrumentalities, on the condition that the government of the territory demonstrates meaningful improvement in the management of its public finances, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 3726. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to authorize States to issue spe-cial permits to allow the operation of vehi-cles of up to 95,000 pounds on Interstate Sys-tem highways for the hauling of livestock; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08OC7.000 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6936 October 8, 2015 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Ms. N ORTON , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico): 
H.R. 3727. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to provide protections for consumers against excessive, unjustified, or unfairly discriminatory increases in pre-mium rates; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 3728. A bill to amend the Iran Threat 
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 to modify the requirement to impose sanctions with respect to the provision of specialized financial messaging services to the Central Bank of Iran and other sanc-tioned Iranian financial institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-
self, Mr. O
LSON , and Mr. D UFFY ): 
H.R. 3729. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to prohibit certain re-search on human fetal tissue obtained pursu-ant to an abortion; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 3730. A bill to authorize unused visas 
numbers made available under section 101(a)(15)(E)(iii) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act to be made available to nation-als of Ireland, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.J. Res. 69. A joint resolution proposing a 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself, Mr. W AL-
DEN, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. S CHRA -
DER, and Ms. B ONAMICI ): 
H. Con. Res. 85. Concurrent resolution con-
demning the senseless murder and wounding of 18 people, sons, daughters, fathers, moth-ers, uncles, aunts, cousins, students, and teachers, in Roseburg, Oregon on October 1, 2015; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for 
himself, Ms. E
STY, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Miss R ICEof 
New York, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, 
and Ms. P ELOSI ): 
H. Res. 467. A resolution establishing the 
Select Committee on Gun Violence Preven-tion; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mr. L
ARSON  
of Connecticut, Ms. E STY, Mr. C OSTA , 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. G IBSON , Ms. H AHN, 
and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania): 
H. Res. 468. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of October 8, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-
self, Mr. T
URNER , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
DONOVAN , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. R IBBLE , 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mrs. R OBY, Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. 
BYRNE ): 
H. Res. 469. A resolution urging North At-
lantic Treaty Organization (NATO) member countries to meet or exceed the two percent gross domestic product commitment to 
spending on defense; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself and Mr. 
J
OYCE ): 
H. Res. 470. A resolution congratulating 
the National Institute of Nursing Research on the occasion of its 30th Anniversary; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Ms. J
UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
TED LIEU of California, Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
KILMER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Ms. M ENG, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Mr. F ARR, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. L EE, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Ms. E SHOO , and Ms. B ASS): 
H. Res. 471. A resolution recognizing Fili-
pino American History Month and cele-brating the history and culture of Filipino Americans and their immense contributions to the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. L
AR-
SENof Washington, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
PERLMUTTER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. H ECKof 
Washington, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. K EATING , Ms. 
LOFGREN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, 
Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. B ECERRA , 
Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. F ARR, Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. T AKANO , 
and Mr. T AKAI): 
H. Res. 472. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of the week of October 11, 2015, through October 17, 2015, as ‘‘Earth Science Week’’; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H. Res. 473. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of June as National Gun Violence Awareness Month and calling on Congress to address gun violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: 
H.R. 3708. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 
By Mr. POLIQUIN: 
H.R. 3709. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 ‘‘. . . To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, 
and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. L
AMALFA: 
H.R. 3710. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Section 8 
of Article I of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. VARGAS: 
H.R. 3711. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 2 of Section 3 of Article IV of the 
Constitution, which states: The Congress shall have the Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Con-stitution shall be so construed as to Preju-dice any Claims of the United States, or any particular State. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 3712. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE: 
H.R. 3713. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The authority to enact this bill is derived 
from, but may not be limited to, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. BOST: 
H.R. 3714. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legisla-tion necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. 
By Ms. BROWN of Florida: 
H.R. 3715. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Art I, section 8, clause 18 of the Constitu-
tion of the United States—The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. BUCSHON: 
H.R. 3716. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States 
By Mr. FATTAH: 
H.R. 3717. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I Section 8 Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, which states the United States Congress shall have power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’. 
By Mr. ROSKAM: 
H.R. 3718. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08OC7.100 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6937 October 8, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 states The 
Congress shall have Power To provide . . . for the . . . general Welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. GUINTA: 
H.R. 3719. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VII, Claus XVIII: The 
Congress shall have Power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this con-stitution in the Government of the United States 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 3720. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. HINOJOSA: 
H.R. 3721. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
General Welfare: Article I, Section 8, 
Clause 1 
By Ms. M
CSALLY: 
H.R. 3722. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, and Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution.’’ 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 3723. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 3724. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Secion 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
Constitution of the United States. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 3725. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to pro-vide for the general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; to borrow money on the credit of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution; to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution such powers, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution; and to make rules and regulations respecting the U.S. ter-ritories, as enumerated in Article IV, Sec-tion 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 3726. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8: To regulate Commerce 
with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes; 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 3727. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall 
have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 3728. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1. Section 8. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 3729. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have the power to regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 3730. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.J. Res. 69. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-ing Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 10: Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 167: Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 288: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 304: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 546: Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
H.R. 592: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 602: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka, and Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 674: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 771: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 775: Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 776: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 793: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 845: Mr. R YANof Wisconsin. 
H.R. 855: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 870: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 953: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 969: Mrs. T ORRES , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, and Mr. G RAVES of 
Louisiana. 
H.R. 985: Mrs. N OEMand Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 1142: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1149: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 1188: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. B ERA, Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. 
CRENSHAW . 
H.R. 1217: Ms. A DAMS , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. 
BASS, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. 
CASTRO of Texas, Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. F UDGE , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
GABBARD , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. K USTER , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
PAYNE , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Ms. 
LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. V EASEY , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. B ROWN  
of Florida, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
CLAY, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 1258: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 1388: Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 1401: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. B ASS, and Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 1453: Mr. V ARGAS and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 1550: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama and Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 1603: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. T URNER , Mr. K ENNEDY , and 
Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 1627: Mr. P IERLUISI and Mr. C URBELO  
of Florida. 
H.R. 1671: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 1686: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1786: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. 
O’ROURKE . 
H.R. 1853: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 1854: Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 1877: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 1986: Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 2017: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 2077: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 2217: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 2237: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2248: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 2266: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. 
VEASEY . 
H.R. 2293: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 2322: Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 2366: Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 2368: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 2450: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2477: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. W ALBERG , and 
Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 2493: Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 2494: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 2513: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 2597: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. S TEWART , and 
Mr. R OYCE . 
H.R. 2657: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 2667: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 2698: Mrs. N OEMand Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 2710: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama and Mr. 
PALAZZO . 
H.R. 2713: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 2716: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 2730: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 2732: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2759: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2808: Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 2855: Ms. J UDY CHUof California and 
Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2863: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 2880: Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. M URPHY of Flor-
ida, and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 2894: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 2896: Mr. B UCK. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. M ARCHANT , Ms. L OFGREN , 
and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 2923: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 2994: Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 3024: Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 3033: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. M ESSER , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
PALAZZO , and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 3036: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 3151: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 3221: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3222: Mr. W OMACK . 
H.R. 3225: Mr. T HORNBERRY . 
H.R. 3229: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
HARPER , and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 3299: Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 3314: Mr. B RADY of Texas. 
H.R. 3351: Mr. L OEBSACK and Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 3364: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3366: Ms. J UDY CHUof California and 
Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC7.020 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6938 October 8, 2015 
H.R. 3381: Ms. J UDY CHUof California and 
Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 3384: Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 3418: Mr. H IGGINS and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 3423: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 3463: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3468: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 3471: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 3473: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 3480: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia and Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3488: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B UCK, and Ms. 
STEFANIK . 
H.R. 3513: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 3518: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 3532: Mr. M CCLINTOCK and Ms. 
KUSTER . H.R. 3559: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 3573: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 3580: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 3628: Mr. L OUDERMILK . 
H.R. 3634: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 3640: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3652: Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 3664: Mr. S WALWELL of California and 
Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 3666: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. 
LONG, and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 3696: Mr. L EVIN, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 3707: Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. M OORE . 
H. Con. Res. 75: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, 
Ms. E STY, and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H. Res. 112: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H. Res. 203: Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H. Res. 289: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H. Res. 348: Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. 
DESANTIS . 
H. Res. 354: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H. Res. 416: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia. 
H. Res. 419: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H. Res. 429: Mr. H ONDA . 
H. Res. 440: Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-
gan. 
H. Res. 445: Ms. A DAMS . 
H. Res. 456: Ms. F UDGE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC7.025 H08OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7227 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8, 2015 No. 148 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Today 
the opening prayer will be offered by Reverend Dr. Charles R. Smith, pastor of the Madison Baptist Church in Madi-son, GA. 
The guest Chaplain offered the fol-
lowing prayer: 
Let us pray. Gracious God, the One who created us 
in Your image and the One who values every person as uniquely as our finger-prints, we invoke Your guidance with the realization that we are nothing without You. Guide those in this Chamber to recognize that honorable governance seeks the best for all; that today’s actions bear tomorrow’s fruit; that integrity should be championed over winning. Offer them wisdom to weigh their decisions not propagating partisan policy but based on fair legis-lation for everyone. Grant them for-titude to exemplify selfless service even to those individuals on the other side of the aisle, recognizing that what they do has a ripple effect, much like tossing a pebble into a pond. 
We thank You that You cherish 
every person as an individual. We thank You that You hear our prayer. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HELLER ). The Senator from Georgia. WELCOMING THE GUEST 
CHAPLAIN 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I want 
to take a moment to acknowledge the presence of our guest Chaplain today, Charles Smith, and his lovely wife Jen-nifer and his family members who have traveled from Madison, GA, and around Georgia to be here today as he serves our country as our guest Chaplain for today. 
Charles has a doctor of ministry de-
gree from the Southern Baptist Theo-logical Seminary. His wife is a family and marriage counselor and an or-dained minister. His niece Megan serves us in the Republican cloakroom and does so on a daily basis with great joy for all of us. 
So we want to welcome Charles 
Smith, his family, and thank him so much for his ministry today, his wit-ness today, but also thank him for all the leadership he has given to Megan, who does such a great job for us. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-
MENT APPROPRIATIONS BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, ask 
most Americans to name two of the most basic duties of a Senator, and you are likely to hear some combination of the following: No. 1, protect the coun-try. That means working with us to pass the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. No. 2, fund the government. That means working with us to pass the 12 appropriations bills that fund it. 
But some of our Democratic col-
leagues don’t seem all that interested in these things. It is not just that their words tell us this story, their actions do as well. The Democratic leader has used the phrase ‘‘waste of time’’ to refer to a bill that protects our coun-
try. Passing that bill usually inspires bipartisan cooperation, but this year it required overcoming senseless resist-ance from the other side before we fi-nally witnessed that cooperation yes-terday with the bill’s passage. 
Democratic Senators have used 
phrases such as ‘‘kind of a waste of time,’’ and ‘‘a huge waste of time,’’ to refer to the bills that fund our govern-ment. 
Passing these bills used to be rou-
tine, and the new majority has worked hard to ensure that it does again after 6 years of inaction. That is why we passed the budget. That is why we passed the 12 appropriations bills through committee in a bipartisan way. But now Democrats have decided as part of some arbitrary political strategy to indiscriminately filibuster every last funding bill. 
Now Democrats may no longer be in-
terested in passing these bipartisan bills, but it doesn’t mean they aren’t interested in taking credit for the same legislation they are now blocking. Take the bill that funds veterans. Democrats voted with us to support it in committee, then they issued press releases bragging about its contents, and then they filibustered it. Take the bill that funds defense. Democrats voted with us to support it in com-mittee, then they issued press releases bragging about its content, and then they filibustered it, repeatedly. 
Today we will consider the bill that 
funds America’s energy security and its water infrastructure. Democrats voted with us to support this bill in committee, too. In fact, over 70 percent of the Democrats in committee sup-ported the bill that is before us today. Democrats issued press releases with nice things to say about the bill’s con-tents. One lauded the bill for funding important energy efficiency advances in our military and for low-income families. Another reminded us the bill provides ‘‘robust funding’’ for vital pro-grams that deserve to be funded. Today 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.000 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7228 October 8, 2015 
we will see if Democrats are seriously 
prepared to filibuster this bill as well. 
This bill would strengthen our na-
tional security. The bill would enhance our energy security. The bill would root out waste with smart targeted re-ductions so we can put that money to better use, funding more important in-frastructure projects, more innovative energy research, and more critical safety improvements for our dams and waterways. 
This bill is also critically important 
to our home States. Kentuckians would benefit from initiatives to protect the Ohio River shoreline, from cleanup work in Paducah, and from construc-tion of the Olmstead Lock and Dam and other vital inland waterway projects. 
Mr. President, this is a good bill. It 
deserves our support on the merits. It is good for our constituents and good for our country. That should be reason enough to support this funding bill. I would also remind my Democratic col-leagues that 70 percent—70 percent—of the Democrats in committee did sup-port the bill before us today. 
f 
SCHEDULE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, let 
me finally announce the schedule for today. At 12:45 p.m. there will be a clo-ture vote on the motion to proceed to the Energy and Water appropriations bill. That will be the last rollcall vote of the week. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE ASSISTANT 
MINORITY LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, for the 
record, the Democratic leader, Senator R
EID, is attending a funeral this morn-
ing and I am standing in his stead. 
First, I will address the comments 
from the majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL . I have to disagree with his 
opening that Democrats are not inter-ested in funding the government, that Democrats are not interested in fund-ing the Department of Defense. I may remind my friend from Kentucky, the Senator who is the Republican leader, that it was the Republican side that initiated the government shutdown 2 years ago. For 16 days the government was shut down in a vain attempt to protest the Affordable Care Act. Now that threat is before us again. 
It is unfortunate we are facing this, 
but I don’t believe it is fair to blame our side of the aisle for delay. You see, Mr. President, as early as June, we started saying we are facing an October 1 deadline, and we need to have a budg-et compromise, a budget negotiation. Why? Because there is a fundamental disagreement about funding our gov-ernment in this fiscal year that began 
October 1. 
The Republicans have argued to use 
wartime funds—$38 billion worth—to supplement the Department of Defense. The leaders at the Department of De-fense say this is the wrong approach. They cannot build a strong national defense with an injection of wartime funds which may or may not exist at the end of the process—may or may not exist next year. 
I might add, coincidently, that the 
Republicans failed—failed—to put addi-tional funds in for nondefense spend-ing. Some of it is related to national security—the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, and so many agencies that keep us safe here in the United States. The failure of the Republicans to pro-vide funds for critical agencies that provide health and education services is the reason we have reached an im-passe in the budget negotiations. 
It is why 3 months ago we on the 
Democratic side said to the Repub-licans: You are in charge. You are in the majority. But if we are going to have a process that ultimately suc-ceeds, you need to engage on a bipar-tisan basis in this negotiation. They refused. They refused and they came up with a short-term spending bill—we call it a continuing resolution or CR— which takes us to the first or second week of December. Beyond that there is no certainty about what is going to happen. 
The Senator from Kentucky talks 
about the appropriations process, where so many Senators voted for a bill and now are against it. I have been on appropriations committees in the House and the Senate for a long time. In the Senate we have an upside-down approach, where you vote on the over-all bill first, then vote on amendments. In each of the cases the Senator from Kentucky refers to, many of us may have voted for the overall bill, hoping that amendments would solve the budget problems I have described. When those amendments failed to solve those budget problems, we said: This ultimate bill is not going to work, and we know it. That is the reality of the process in the Committee on Appro-priations. 
So in June we invited the Repub-
licans to meet with the President and Democratic leaders to work out a budg-et compromise. There is an indication that some conversation is underway, but not enough. 
Why have we reached this impasse? 
Frankly, it is because the Republican leadership—certainly in the House—is in disarray. Today there is going to be an election in the House of Representa-tives for a new Speaker. A group of ul-traconservative Republican House Members were successful in ousting J
OHN BOEHNER from the Speakership. 
Now they are going to try to replace him but with conditions. One of those conditions is, as printed in the paper this morning, that the new House Speaker has to pledge to the Freedom 
Caucus—the tea party Republicans— that he will never, never agree to any compromise that is a bipartisan bill 
coming out of the Senate. 
Now, how is that for a standard when 
you are trying to govern in this coun-try—when you have a President of one party and the Congress in control of the other party? The Freedom Caucus says: Don’t negotiate; don’t com-promise. That is a recipe for a shut-down, a sequestration, and a con-tinuing resolution. Let me tell you what that does. If we get into a con-tinuing resolution for next year—this year we are in, I should say—it is going to mean dramatic cuts in many agen-cies. 
Yesterday the National Institutes of 
Health were called by Senator B
LUNT , 
who chairs the appropriations sub-committee for that agency. We sat be-fore Dr. Collins and his leading re-searchers for the United States of America, and we asked them: What happens if our budget process breaks down, if we go into sequestration, which is an across-the-board cut, or we go into a continuing resolution, which is a continuation of this year’s budget? What happens at the premier medical research facility in the world, the Na-tional Institutes of Health? Dr. Collins told us in very honest and somber tones: It would mean that we would suspend research in areas like precision medicine, destined I think to save lives across the world. We would suspend brain research in areas like Alz-heimer’s disease. 
Once every 67 seconds in America— 
once every 67 seconds—an American is diagnosed with Alzheimer’s. Last year, we spent $226 billion as a Federal Gov-ernment in Medicare and Medicaid on Alzheimer’s care. We estimate about the same number, over $200 billion, was spent by families trying to care for those inflicted by dementia and Alz-heimer’s. There is a suggestion now that because our failure on budget ne-gotiations will lead to the suspension of research, we would destroy any hope of finding a cure for this dreaded dis-ease and scores of other diseases. That is how serious this conversation is. It 
is unfortunate that it has reached this point. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, when I 
was young and going to grade school, we feared the bomb. We were in a cold war. We were given duck-and-cover drills to get under our desk just in case there might be a nuclear attack on the United States of America. That is im-printed in my mind to this day—the fear which we had about this threat to our safety. 
I wish to read a commentary that is 
making the rounds with wide circula-tion by a mother who talks about a similar concern for her children. She writes: 
Two weeks ago, my second and fourth 
grade daughters came home from school and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.003 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7229 October 8, 2015 
told me they’d a ‘‘code red drill in case some-
one tries to kill us. We had to all hide in the bathroom together and be really quiet. It was really scary but the teacher said if there was a real man with a gun trying to find us, she’d cover us up and protect us from him. [Her little boy] started crying. I tried to be brave.’’ 
This mother goes on to write: 
My 3-year-old nephew had the same drill at 
his preschool in Virginia. Three-year-old American babies and teachers—hiding in bathrooms, holding hands, preparing for death. We are saying to teachers: Arm your-selves and fight men with assault weapons because we are too cowardly to fight the gun lobby. We are saying to a terrified genera-tion of American children—WE WILL NOT DO WHAT IT TAKES TO PROTECT YOU. WE WILL NOT EVEN TRY. So just be very quiet, hide and wait. Hold your breath. Shhh. 
In the year 2013, the number of Amer-
ican police officers shot dead in the line of duty was 27—27, in 2013. In 2013, the number of preschoolers—that is, children under the age of 4—who were shot dead was 82; 27 American police of-ficers, 82 children under the age of 4 
were shot dead. We need to do better as a nation. 
When I heard on the news this last 
Saturday that the monstrous tragedy in Oregon was the 45th—45th—school shooting this year in America, it broke my heart, and, more, it angered me. 
In just a short while, in a few min-
utes, Members of the Senate Demo-cratic caucus will come together out-side of this building to talk about the need for America to take action to deal with gun violence. There are so many aspects of it. 
I am honored to represent the city of 
Chicago, but having met with Mayor Rahm Emanuel yesterday, we have seen a 20-percent increase in gun vio-lence and deaths this year, and in Mil-waukee, a 100-percent increase over last year. In scores of other cities, there is the same phenomenon. The city of Chicago and many others will be flooded with guns. 
When I met with the Bureau of Alco-
hol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives in Chicago on Monday, I asked them: Where are all these guns coming from? And they told me they have analyzed the crime guns seized in the most vio-lent areas of Chicago, and they found that 40 percent of those guns came from gun shows in Lake County, IN, just across the border from Chicago—40 percent of guns. We also know that we have a phenomenon where girlfriends and friends and family will go buy guns, because the criminal—the felon who wants to use those guns to ter-rorize and rob and kill—couldn’t pass the test for purchasing a gun. It is known as a straw purchase. The girlfriend buys the gun and hands it over to the boyfriend who goes out and kills somebody. Well, there are things we can do to change this. We need to close the gun show loophole. It makes no sense that we don’t even check the backgrounds of people who fill their trunks and their cars with firearms and ammunition at these gun shows. And yet when it comes to Federal li-censed dealers, there has to be a back-
ground check. This gap in coverage ac-counts for 40 percent of the crime guns in the most dangerous neighborhoods in Chicago. So the gun show loophole needs to be closed. 
We also need to make it clear that if 
you are going to make a straw pur-chase of a gun and do so for the pur-pose of giving it to someone who is going to use it in the commission of a crime, you will pay a heavy price for that, too. 
I grew up in a family with a lot of 
members of my family owning firearms in downstate Illinois. It was common for families to go hunting, to go out for target practice, and there was a gun cabinet in most homes. When a little boy, sometimes a young girl, reached a certain age, they were taken out in a rite of passage to go hunting for the first time. It is a part of the culture where I grew up, and it is an acceptable part of the culture when those guns are used responsibly and safely. 
I don’t know a member of my family 
who would object to the following statement: No one who is a convicted felon or mentally unstable should be allowed to buy a gun in the United States. I don’t know of a member of my family who would object to the notion that if you are going to buy a gun so someone you know can use it to com-mit a crime and kill someone, you are going to be punished. Those are the two things that we should start with when it comes to reducing gun vio-lence. Those two provisions are not going to hurt any legitimate, respon-sible, legal gun owner. But they are going to keep guns out of the hands of those who would misuse them. 
We have to restore some sense of 
order in this country, and we have to realize that when we reach the point that 3- and 4-year-olds are being killed in larger numbers each year by guns than even those brave men and women who serve in our police departments— when it has reached that point—clear-ly, Congress has to act. For Congress to 
act, we need to hear from the American people. If they share these feelings—if they share the feeling—we need to move forward as a nation and stop this senseless tragedy. 
I hope that after we gather today on 
the floor, Members of the Senate will come together and talk about this issue, and that across America people will join us in this effort. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 10:45 a.m., with the time equally di-vided between the two leaders or their designees, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that during this pe-riod, any time in a quorum call be equally divided between both sides be-fore the vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-
MENT APPROPRIATIONS BILL 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor as the ranking mem-ber of the Energy and Water Develop-ment Subcommittee of the Appropria-tions Committee. In that capacity, I rise to oppose consideration of the fis-cal year 2016 Energy and Water appro-priations bill. 
Let me be clear, I do this reluctantly. In my view, this is a very good bill. 
Senator A
LEXANDER and I have put 
forth a well-balanced bill within the al-location levels we were provided, which was a good level. 
It has been a great pleasure for me 
over the years to work with Senator A
LEXANDER . I have the utmost respect 
for him. We have always worked things out, but this year I think we have a bigger issue, and I wish to address that in my remarks. 
First, 6 of the 12 appropriations sub-
committees received base allocations lower than last year. 
Another four subcommittees received 
nominal increases but were still forced to make cuts due to rising costs be-yond their control. 
That leaves only two subcommit-
tees—Energy and Water Development and Homeland Security—that received real funding increases. 
That is why I believe considering the 
Energy and Water bill in isolation as we are now, rather than debating larg-er funding issues, is misleading. That is why I can’t support the motion to pro-ceed to the bill. 
We all know the vote today is not 
just about Energy and Water. It is about the entire appropriations proc-ess, and that is the debate we should be having. 
Instead of debating just this specific 
bill, the debate should be focused on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.005 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7230 October 8, 2015 
eliminating sequestration, negotiating 
a budget agreement with the President and the House, and putting an end to the destructive cycle of continuing res-olutions, omnibuses, and threats of government shutdown. 
The Republican leader has already 
initiated budget negotiations. I am led to believe three meetings have been held. It can be done. It is what needs to be done. I fully support that effort. That is where we should focus our ef-forts. 
Before I get into specifics of the En-
ergy and Water funding issues, I want to take a step back and discuss two very disturbing issues I have seen from my seat on the Appropriations Com-mittee, and I am not a newcomer. 
I have been on that committee since 
I came to the Senate, which is more than 20 years ago. They are the nega-tive effects of sequestration and the unravelling of the overall appropria-tions process. 
The strict budget caps put in place 
by the 2011 Budget Control Act have been terrible for our country. 
These spending caps, and the across- 
the-board cuts used to enforce them, were designed to be so devastating that Congress would do everything it could to avert them. 
The problem is, the Supercommittee 
failed to reach the agreement in 2011, so those devastating cuts took effect. 
These spending caps, which have es-
sentially frozen spending levels for the last 3 years, do not account for the in-creasing requirements placed on the Federal Government. 
The cost of veterans’ health care is 
rising, insufficient, and has been roundly criticized. The cost of low-in-come housing is rising, the cost of edu-cating our children is rising, and the cost of fighting natural disasters, such as drought and wildfires, is also rising. But the spending caps are not rising, meaning Congress is forced to make cuts to vital programs, and of course you get into the battle between the na-tional security portfolio, such as de-fense, and the domestic portfolio. 
My portfolio on Energy and Water is 
part national security, because of the nuclear weapons for our country, and the domestic part is the Office of Science, the Department of Energy, the Army Corps of Engineers, which is the only infrastructure program we actu-ally have functioning. 
Having a static budget like this year 
after year, which does not even ac-count for inflation, is no way to run a country. 
I am also disappointed by the col-
lapse of the appropriations process. At one time—and I hope this is interesting to the Presiding Officer since he is a newcomer—it was the norm to pass each spending bill as a stand-alone piece of legislation. All Members could offer amendments, and each of us took ownership of the outcome. We haven’t done that in a decade. 
It used to be that the entire Appro-
priations Committee, members of both sides, would support bills drafted by 
each subcommittee chairman and ap-proved by the full committee. We haven’t done that in 5 years. It was heresy for a bill to come out on the floor and not have members of the Ap-propriations Committee support it. That is all gone today. 
Everything changed in 2011. My Re-
publican colleagues decided to vote against every appropriations bill to protest funding levels. 
The die was cast, and we have had to 
cope with the consequences ever since. 
Since fiscal year 2010, we have passed 
24 short-term continuing resolutions, which do nothing but keep the govern-ment going at the funding levels of the year we were in at the time we passed the continuing resolution. That is nine more than in the preceding 5-year pe-riod. It is a 60-percent increase. 
When Congress can’t agree on fund-
ing levels, we end up putting Federal spending on autopilot. 
Mr. President, 2011 also marked the 
year when Congress turned over the power of the purse to the executive branch. By banning the use of congres-sional adds, we not only admitted that we know less about our States than ex-ecutive agencies, we also removed a key reason many Members voted for the appropriations bills. 
And contrary to conventional wis-
dom, congressional adds were not out of control. 
In 2010, the last year they were al-
lowed, they totaled just one-half of 1 percent of spending approved by the Appropriations Committee. One-half of 1 percent were adds made by Members of this body and the other body to do public projects in their districts. 
I believe every Senator knows a great 
deal about his or her State—I really do—and projects that are important for the State’s survival, and I believe they evaluate them based on the importance to the public. I believe they know what vital projects need to be funded. Re-moving that ability has removed indi-vidual Member’s stake in an appropria-tions process that functions, and so it is nonfunctional today. It has damaged our ability to govern, and I deeply be-lieve that. 
That is a long way of saying we need 
to return the appropriations process to the way it was handled in years past, and today’s political vote on this bill doesn’t move us in that direction. 
Even though I do believe the Energy 
and Water bill represents an acceptable compromise under the circumstances, there are still significant issues with the bill caused by low spending caps. 
The bill provides—and this is impor-
tant—$35.4 billion. That is an increase over fiscal year 2015 funding of $1.2 bil-lion for defense and $8 million for non-defense programs, and that is where you can see the problem. Those na-tional security projects get an add of $1.2 billion—and it is largely the nu-clear weapons—and all of our domestic projects, such as the Office of Science, all of the energy projects, all of the in-novations, the Energy Department, the 
Army Corps of Engineers, fixing rivers, fixing dams, dredging, and everything the Army Corps of Engineers does only get $8 million as opposed to the $1.2 bil-lion that is added for defense. But even with that increase, there are signifi-cant shortfalls. 
I will give a few examples. For the 
past 4 years, California and the West have been suffering from a historic drought. I just came from the Energy and Natural Resources Committee meeting. Senator B
OXER and I have put 
together a drought bill. We have worked on it for 2 years, and we finally have a bill with some short-term fixes and some long-term projects which can increase water supply in California. 
Our reservoirs are at historic lows, 
and the Sierra Nevada snowpack, our major source of water, is at the lowest it has been in 500 years. 
We have millions of dead trees lit-
tering the State, increased lightning strikes, big wildfires that go up like ex-plosions into the air because it is so dry, and the State’s agriculture sector, which feeds the country, has been heavily affected. This is a $43 billion industry that saw losses of $2.2 billion last year, has lost 17,000 jobs, and on and on and on. 
Here are some other ways the Energy 
and Water bill is weakened by low spending caps. I will talk for a moment more about the Office of Science. This is money used to expand research at our National Laboratories, and we are $196 million below the President’s budget request in this bill. Energy effi-ciency and renewable energy programs have seen an even bigger deficit with funding levels at $773 million below the President’s budget request. This delays the development of vital technologies to reduce energy consumption and slash consumer spending. 
Defense programs are also under-
funded. With higher spending caps, we could be putting into place strategies to keep nuclear materials out of the hands of terrorists. We just heard about a cesium sale to shady people that I can’t remember ever happening before, and whether this opens the door to more, I don’t know, but I do know it is a real weakness we have. 
If we had some money, we could se-
cure radiological resources at medical and industrial facilities, we could in-stall mobile and fixed radiation detec-tors at ports and border crossings. We could also use additional funds to mod-ernize the nuclear reactor infrastruc-ture that supports the Navy. This in-cludes developing more efficient reac-tor designs that can last 40 years with-out refueling. 
These are weaknesses we see in the 
funding picture and in our bill. As I said, I actually believe it is a good bill when you know the circumstances under which we are functioning. 
But this isn’t just about Energy and 
Water, and we can’t view it in isola-tion. As I said, Energy and Water had a decent allocation, even with the over-all budget restrictions. But cuts made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.007 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7231 October 8, 2015 
to other bills are far more dangerous, 
and we can’t ignore these cuts. 
I will highlight a few of them. The 
Subcommittee harmed by the current spending caps is responsible for the De-partments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education. The sub-committee received an allocation of $3.6 billion below last year. The Sub-committee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education re-ceived cuts. These are draconian, and these programs affect our most vulner-able Americans. That is what the Pres-idential election is all about right now—the discontent over our inability to solve some of these problems. 
There is a $331 million cut to employ-
ment and training services for youth, veterans, and the unemployed. There is an $87.8 million cut to teen pregnancy prevention programs. There is a $215 million cut to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention—disease con-trol. They are seeing diseases that I haven’t seen since my childhood, such as measles, spring up all over the State of California, and we need to do these things to keep our people safe. Vac-cinations are important. 
There has been a $198 million cut to 
shelter and services for unaccompanied immigrant children, a $69 million cut to Federal student aid programs, and the elimination of a $250 million pro-gram to expand access to preschool. Expanding access to preschool is some-thing everybody wants for low- and moderate-income 4-year-olds. 
The Transportation, Housing and 
Urban Development Subcommittee, on the other hand, did receive an addi-tional $1.9 billion this year. However, the committee required a $3.4 billion increase just to maintain current serv-ices. 
As a result, the Subcommittee was 
forced to cut funding for mass transit projects by more than $500 million below last year. 
Affordable housing assistance is 
slashed by $834 million, and the Com-munity Development Block Grant Pro-gram that I used as the Mayor of San Francisco a long time ago, which could always be counted on, was reduced by $100 million. 
These cuts affected millions of Amer-
icans and hurt communities across the country. We should not have to choose between providing rental assistance to low-income families and providing transportation options so they can get to work. 
I see the Presiding Officer is nodding. 
I have about 3 more minutes. 
I ask unanimous consent to finish my 
statement. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I thank my friend. 
I appreciate it. 
The Commerce, Justice, and Science 
Subcommittee also received a mis-leading increase in its allocation. While the Subcommittee received an extra $965 million on paper, it actually needed $1.1 billion just to account for 
last year’s credit from the Toyota set-tlement that is no longer available this year. As a result, the subcommittee was forced to cut numerous important programs below last year’s levels. 
They include the U.S. Marshals Serv-
ice, which was cut by $141 million; legal representation for immigrant children, reduced by $55 million; and Federal assistance to State and local law enforcement agencies, cut by $139 million. 
Here is my conclusion. My good 
friend and colleague Senator A
LEX-
ANDER is rightly proud of the work he 
and his staff have put into the Energy and Water bill, and, as I said, it is a good bill. 
I sincerely wish the circumstance we 
find ourselves in today were different. Those of us on this side of the aisle should have a voice in what happens and how we can solve this problem. 
So what I plead for is, in these nego-
tiations that are starting, by Leader M
CCONNELL , to move ahead, let’s get it 
started and let’s stop the CRs, let’s stop the omnibuses, and let’s stop the fights over the debt limit and shutting down the government. Let’s go back to an appropriations process that this country did well by and that worked. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for his 
forbearance, and I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
f 
BALANCED BUDGET AMENDMENT 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, a pre-
vious President of the United States once wrote that if he could add one amendment to the Constitution, it would prohibit the Federal Govern-ment from incurring more debt. That President’s name was neither Bush nor Reagan but Jefferson. The 217 years since then have proven three things: The national debt crisis is growing, it is dangerous, and only the Constitution can compel Congress to act. We must act before it is too late. 
The national debt was 19 percent of 
gross domestic product when Thomas Jefferson called for a balanced budget amendment. President George Wash-ington told the House of Representa-tives that the regular redemption of the public debt was the most urgent fiscal priority. In his first report on the public credit in 1790, Treasury Sec-retary Alexander Hamilton warned that continuously accruing national debt interest would be a signal ‘‘either of inability, or of ill faith, and will not cease to have an evil influence on pub-lic credit.’’ 
The commitment to fiscal balance 
over the next 150 years was so strong that many referred to it as our unwrit-ten fiscal constitution. Unfortunately, that commitment did not last. The na-tional debt topped 40 percent of GDP for the first time in 1934, and 2 years later the first balanced budget amend-ment was introduced in Congress. Eighty years ago, Members of Congress began to realize that an unwritten con-
stitution was no longer strong enough to limit the national debt. Good inten-tions are not enough to balance the Na-tion’s checkbook. 
Senator Millard Tydings, a Maryland 
Democrat, introduced the first bal-anced budget amendment to reach the Senate or House floor. The 1947 Appro-priations Committee report on his pro-posal, S.J. Res. 61, opened with these words: ‘‘In no other way except by an amendment to the Constitution can Congress be compelled to balance its budget in peacetime.’’ The Judiciary Committee held its first balanced budget amendment hearing in 1956 on amendments introduced by Senator Harry Byrd, a Virginia Democrat, and Senator Carl Curtis, a Nebraska Repub-lican. In current dollars, the national debt today is nearly five times what those distinguished Senators de-nounced as astronomical and stag-gering. 
Here is where the national debt has 
gone as Congress has failed to propose a balanced budget amendment. Let me refer to this chart. As we can see, the national debt as a percentage of GDP is going up the charts today to the high-est ever. The national debt was 32 per-cent of GDP when I first introduced a balanced budget amendment in 1979. It climbed to 34 percent of GDP in 1982 when the Senate—but not the House— passed a BBA; more than 62 percent of GDP in 1997 when we came within one vote of approving a BBA that I intro-duced; and 95 percent of GDP when the Senate voted on a BBA that I intro-duced in 2011. Today the national debt stands at 103 percent of GDP, literally swallowing the economy. 
They say that the more things 
change, the more they stay the same. As the national debt continues to change in the wrong direction, BBA op-ponents make the same arguments they always have. First, they say the national debt is simply not a problem that needs a solution. The evidence, however, is all around us. 
In a July 2010 policy paper, for exam-
ple, the Congressional Budget Office outlined what it called the signifi-cantly negative consequences of our rising national debt and repeated those warnings in its latest budget outlook. Here are the consequences of a rising national debt—this is the Congres-sional Budget Office in 2015—reduced investment, resulting in lower national income and higher interest rates; Fed-eral spending on interest payments would rise; less flexibility to address fi-nancial and economic crises; and in-creased likelihood of a fiscal crisis in the United States. 
ADM Michael Mullen, former Chair-
man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, says this national debt crisis is a serious threat to national security—a conclu-sion echoed by experts from the Brook-ings Institution to the Heritage Foun-dation—or we can listen to the Govern-ment Accountability Office, which warned in 2009 that every year since 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.009 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7232 October 8, 2015 
that ‘‘the long-term fiscal outlook is 
unsustainable.’’ 
A recent study published in the Jour-
nal of Economic Perspectives looked at periods in different countries over the last two centuries when national debt exceeded 90 percent of GDP for more than 5 years. The authors found that these periods not only lead to ‘‘sub-stantially slower’’ economic growth but that ‘‘even if such episodes are originally caused by a traumatic event such as a war or financial crisis, they can take on a self-propelling char-acter.’’ 
These findings are very important for 
us today because the national debt has been more than 90 percent of GDP since the recession ended in 2009. In fact, we are entering the longest period in American history with the national debt above this toxic level. CBO projects exactly what this study pre-dicts—that the national debt will re-main above 100 percent of GDP and that GDP will grow at a rate ‘‘notably less’’ than in the past. Our own actual experience already proves the same thing. In the 6 years since the recession ended, debt has been twice as high and GDP has grown at half the rate as dur-ing the same period after previous re-cessions. This really does look like a self-propelling crisis. 
The second argument by BBA oppo-
nents is that even if the national debt is a problem, Congress can solve it by willpower. That willpower once existed, but it is long gone. The Federal budget has been balanced in only 7 of the 80 years since a balanced budget amend-ment was first introduced in Congress and total deficits over those years dwarf total surpluses by 23 to 1. 
The third argument by balanced 
budget amendment opponents is that even if Congress won’t solve the na-tional debt by willpower, it can do so by legislation. In 1985 we enacted the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 when the na-tional debt was 42 percent of GDP. We have enacted one law after another as the national debt has continued to climb. Most recently, we enacted the Budget Control Act of 2011 when the national debt had swelled to 95 percent of GDP, but it failed, as did all the oth-ers. Willpower and legislation have both failed to tackle this crisis. 
The national debt today stands at 
nearly $18.2 trillion. In its most recent budget outlook, CBO projects that under current law the national debt will swell to more than $25 trillion in the next decade. GAO issued its latest ‘‘Federal Fiscal Outlook’’ report in Au-gust. Without significant action by Congress, GAO says, Federal debt as a percentage of GDP could in the next 25 years climb to four times its historical average. 
New data show that the deficit for 
fiscal year 2015 will likely be lower than expected. If the best thing to say about our current fiscal condition is that it could be worse, we are really in trouble. In its June long-term budget outlook, CBO says that after a few 
years at a more modest level, deficits will once again increase, especially when interest rates start to rise. 
Since President Obama took office, 
we have seen both the greatest buildup of debt and the lowest interest rates in history. This is the perfect fiscal storm. Even a small rise in interest rates will explode the cost of servicing this massive debt and contribute to higher deficits and greater debt. CBO projects that interest rates will indeed rise, and, as a result, ‘‘the govern-ment’s net interest costs are projected to more than double relative to the size of the economy over the next decade.’’ Both CBO and the Concord Coalition anticipate that over the next decade, interest costs alone will approach $1 trillion a year—that is with a ‘‘t’’—$1 trillion a year. 
The fourth argument by BBA oppo-
nents really amounts to plain old scare tactics. They figure that Americans may want a balanced budget but only if their own favorite spending continues. So BBA opponents claim that a BBA will automatically cut this or that pro-gram. Not only is this a cynical ap-proach to a very serious problem, but it is not true. A balanced budget amendment will require that Congress finally get serious about priorities and decide which spending is the most im-portant and the most cost-effective. Long-term fiscal responsibility is more important than any one spending item in the budget. 
I introduced my first balanced budget 
constitutional amendment in June 1979. I said then and I repeat today that a balanced budget amendment ‘‘re-quires that Congress think in order of budget priorities.’’ Nothing short of the Constitution will make that hap-pen. 
One definition of insanity is doing 
the same thing over and over and ex-pecting different results. Neither will-power nor legislation can tackle the growing national debt crisis. It has been nearly 70 years and more than $15 trillion of debt since the Appropria-tions Committee declared in 1947 that only a constitutional amendment can compel Congress to balance its budget. That is the only option left. 
The last gasp of BBA opponents isn’t 
really an argument at all. They say that adopting a balanced budget amendment will not by itself solve the debt crisis. I have introduced 7 and co-sponsored 20 balanced budget amend-ments since I was first elected. In all this time, during all the hearings and floor debates, I have never once heard anyone claim that adopting a balanced budget amendment will, by itself, magically make the debt disappear. Of course it won’t. Neither did enacting all of those so called budget control acts. Congress will still have to make the decisions to determine whether we continue drowning in debt or chart a different course. 
Congress cannot amend the Constitu-
tion by itself. Article V of the Con-stitution provides that constitutional 
amendments may be proposed by either two-thirds of Congress or by a conven-tion called at the request of two-thirds of the States. In either case, a proposed amendment does not become part of the Constitution until at least three- fourths or three-quarters of the States ratify it. Congress can do nothing more than propose a balanced budget amend-ment so that the American people may decide whether they want to add it to their Constitution. 
Government does not get to set its 
own rules. The Constitution is the law that governs government, and it be-longs to the American people. It is the primary way the American people set rules for how their government must operate. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that I be permitted to finish these remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, Congress 
has proven, over decades of failure re-sulting in trillions of dollars of debt, that it will not exercise its fiscal au-thority properly. The American people must be given a chance to decide whether to make fiscal responsibility mandatory. It is the American people who ought to decide this. The only way they can is to propose a balanced budg-et amendment and send it to the States for consideration. 
I have looked at dozens of national 
polls since I was first elected to the Senate conducted by major polling firms or national news organizations. Three-quarters of Americans supported a balanced budget amendment in 1976 and three-quarters supported it last year. Is it possible, however, that all of those polls over all those years are ac-tually wrong? The American people might be content with the national debt swallowing the economy. They may not be bothered by being on an unsustainable fiscal path. Who knows, they might welcome soaring national debt interest payments crowding out other budget priorities. They might be OK with slower economic growth and a greater threat to national security. The American people might believe, with balanced budget amendment op-ponents here in Washington, that the national debt is no big deal or that Congress can solve it on its own. If so, then the American people will decline to ratify a balanced budget amend-ment, but the choice has to be theirs, not ours. 
The Peter G. Peterson Foundation 
also does polling, each month com-piling the Fiscal Confidence Index of Americans’ opinions about the national debt. The results are both clear and consistent: 71 percent of Americans are concerned about national debt, as seen here—let me just define it a little bit— 71 percent say their concerns about the national debt have increased; 63 per-cent say addressing the national debt is on the wrong track; 81 percent say addressing the national debt should be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.010 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7233 October 8, 2015 
among Congress’s top three priorities; 
83 percent say Congress should spend more time addressing the national debt; 62 percent expect the national debt crisis to get worse in the next few years. 
Some of my colleagues may believe 
we have no obligation to handle the American people’s money responsibly. They might still claim that Congress can get its fiscal act together on its own or they may deny that the Amer-ican people should be able to set the fiscal rules for the government they elect, using the Constitution that be-longs to them. 
Those colleagues should remember 
what the American people think about Congress. Disapproval of this institu-tion is 83 percent today, higher than 98 percent of the time since the early 1970s. The percentage of Americans with very little or no confidence at all in Congress is the highest since Gallup started asking in May of 1973. 
I am continually amazed at the wis-
dom and foresight of America’s Found-ers. Thomas Jefferson was right in 1798 that one of the most effective ways of keeping the Federal Government with-in constitutional principles is to re-quire a balanced budget. The Appro-priations Committee was right in 1947 that Congress will not balance its budget unless the Constitution requires it. After seven more decades of at-tempting to tackle the debt by will-power or legislation, the crisis is worse than ever. 
Continued failure is not an option, 
and there is only one solution. We must act before it is too late. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-
MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016—MO-TION TO PROCEED 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2028, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 96, H.R. 
2028, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 11:30 a.m. will be controlled by the majority. 
The Senator from West Virginia. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, yester-
day the Senate came together in a bi-partisan way to pass the National De-fense Authorization Act conference re-port. This important legislation au-thorizes vital resources for our Na-
tion’s troops, our wounded warriors, and their families. 
This NDAA provides for our national 
security needs and will meet our com-mitments to our allies. The defense funding bill also includes programs that will directly benefit the West Vir-ginia National Guard, including our partnership program with Peru and the Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Program to fight the wave of prescrip-tion drug abuse that is all over our States and our State in particular. 
This bill provides funding for 
STARBASE—I visited STARBASE just recently—an innovative program that provides hands-on learning opportuni-ties for students in science, tech-nology, and mathematics, and helps spur their interest in STEM. They were really excited that day. 
On Monday when I visited the 167th 
Air Lift Wing in Martinsburg, I enjoyed the opportunity to personally meet and thank our servicemembers and learn about the challenges they face. These brave men and women deserve our uni-fied support and should not be subject to the gridlock that has been too com-mon in Washington. 
Unbelievably to me, though, the 
President has threatened to veto this bipartisan legislation, even though it authorizes the same amount of spend-ing for national defense that he asked for in his budget submission. Just re-cently the administration authorized tens of billions of dollars for Iran through sanctions relief, including money that will be used admittedly to further destabilize the Middle East. Now the President is threatening to veto funding authorization for our own troops. 
We face great and growing threats to 
our national security. ISIS continues to advance. Syria’s ongoing civil war is creating a flood of refugees in Europe, Russia is increasing its influence in the Middle East, and Iran will gain strength due to the sanctions relief granted in the nuclear agreement. It would be a mistake for the President to veto this funding for our national de-fense. 
As the Washington Post editorialized 
this weekend, ‘‘American presidents rarely veto national defense authoriza-tion bills, since they are, well, vital to national security.’’ 
The editorial continues, ‘‘Refusing to 
sign this bill would make history, but not in a good way.’’ 
This is not the legacy the President 
wants to leave behind. He should recon-sider his position and follow the lead of the 70 Senators who voted yesterday— including 21 Democrats—to put our na-tional security before politics. 
The Senate is now considering an-
other bipartisan bill that has impor-tant implications to our national secu-rity. The Energy and Water appropria-tions bill funds programs that help us use our energy resources in the most efficient way possible. 
I serve on the Appropriations Com-
mittee. I saw the bipartisan work that occurred between the chair and the 
ranking member. Continued innovation in our energy resources, whether it is coal, natural gas or oil, is absolutely a strategic asset to our national energy independence. 
The benefit of innovation in our en-
ergy sector is reflected in the vast re-serves of shale gas that are now being produced in West Virginia and else-where across the country. It was less than a decade ago, when I came to Con-gress, many of us were worried about a shortage of natural gas. Today, natural gas production is surging. In West Vir-ginia alone, production has increased by over 500 percent in the last decade. It is exciting to watch. An energy econ-omy is a jobs economy. 
Not only does shale gas help us meet 
our domestic energy needs, we have an opportunity to expand our LNG ex-ports, creating more jobs at home while helping to meet the energy and security needs of our allies in Europe and Japan. 
Innovation and investment in clean 
coal technologies, not across-the-board regulation, should be our focus. The Energy and Water appropriations bill includes $610 million in fossil fuel de-velopment. This is a necessary invest-ment in entities such as the National Energy and Technology Lab in Morgan-town, so that they can use these dol-lars to develop the technologies to make coal, oil, and natural gas produc-tion cleaner and more efficient. 
I strongly disagree with EPA regula-
tions that require the use of tech-nology that is not commercially avail-able. That is what we see in these regu-lations. They increase the cost of en-ergy and they decrease the reliability of electricity grid. The best way to pro-vide that energy and improve our envi-ronment is to invest in the tech-nologies that will help us and use those coal reserves in the most efficient way possible. 
This bill also provides important 
funding for the Appalachian Regional Commission. West Virginia is the only State that is completely within the boundaries of the Appalachian Re-gional Commission, and the ARC plays an important role in helping West Vir-ginians meet our economic challenges. The funding provided in this bill can help ARC promote rural broadband— something I talk a lot about on the floor of the Senate—and will expand rural health care services and offer op-portunity to our State’s workers. 
Investments made in the Army Corps 
of Engineers through this bill will help provide the infrastructure we need to make sure American products can move to markets across the country and around the world. 
The Energy and Water appropriations 
bill impacts every American. It was carefully crafted, robustly debated in committee, and passed the full Appro-priations Committee with bipartisan support. 
Mr. President and my fellow Mem-
bers of the Senate, the Appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.012 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7234 October 8, 2015 
Committee did its part. We passed all 
12 government funding bills for the first time since 2009. Nine of these bills had bipartisan support. So far Demo-crats have chosen twice to block de-bate on the Department of Defense ap-propriations. Last week, the Demo-crats blocked debate on the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs ap-propriations bill. That obstruction is the reason the government is con-tinuing to operate on a continuing res-olution. 
Let’s get the bills on the floor. Let’s 
debate them, make changes, and then vote again. That is what we are sup-posed to be doing. None of us was sent here to pass short-term continuing res-olutions and allow the government to operate on autopilot. Let’s do our job. That is what we are sent here for. We are here to advocate for our State and national priorities, and this Energy and Water bill reflects those priorities. The full Senate should have an oppor-tunity to debate this bill, offer amend-ments to improve it, and pass a bill that will lead to energy security and improve our infrastructure. By con-trast, voting to filibuster this and other appropriations bills will make the threat of a government shutdown more likely. 
Americans deserve a government 
that makes wise and strategic invest-ments to best meet our needs. Endless continuing resolutions are not the most effective way to meet those needs and can prove wasteful in dollars and time. I ask my colleagues to allow de-bate on this important legislation to move forward and to support invest-ments in our energy and infrastructure priorities. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I rise 
reluctantly to acknowledge that I am going to vote in opposition to moving to cloture on this Energy and Water appropriations bill—reluctant because I have supported every single move-ment to go to the appropriations act because that is what the Senate should be doing. However, I will not reluc-tantly but will passionately object for the following reason: included in this energy and water report is language that was circuitously placed into the bill that would disadvantage my State of Georgia and show a preference to other States that surround it. It is not our job as Members of the Senate to circuitously write language into a bill that directs what policy this country may seek to follow. 
My State, Florida, and Alabama have 
been in litigation for 30 years over what is called the water wars in the ACF and the ACT Basins. There has been litigation and cases have been dis-missed from the courts. We have set-tled law in terms of the disposition and responsibility of the Corps of Engi-neers. 
It is my responsibility, as a rep-
resentative of my State, to do what is right, but it is also my responsibility 
to ask you the rhetorical question as follows: Should any Member of the Senate be able in any way possible to 
circuitously place language into a bill that would disadvantage one State or advantage another without debate or without direction? If we become that type of a body in the Senate, we are no longer the most liberating body in the world; we are the most punitive body in the world. 
I appreciate the job the Energy and 
Water Development Subcommittee has done in writing this bill, I appreciate the appropriations that benefit the State of Georgia, but I do not appre-ciate the use of an appropriations bill to direct the actions of the Corps of Engineers to disadvantage my State and advantage another State without debate, without any degree of direc-tion, and in total conflict with the courts’ decisions in the past. So I re-luctantly will vote no on moving for-ward on cloture until we remove this language from the underlying bill. 
I yield to the Senator from Georgia, 
Mr. P
ERDUE . 
Mr. PERDUE. I thank the Senator. Mr. President, the bill before us, the 
Energy and Water Development Appro-priations Act of 2015, is an important bill, and I appreciate Senator I
SAKSON ’s 
leadership in this matter. I hope this bill can be considered again in the near future but under different cir-cumstances. 
This bill currently contains language 
that you just heard that would prevent the Army Corps of Engineers from up-dating the Master Water Control Man-ual for the Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa River system. By blocking updates to the water control manual, this bill would give Alabama the power to veto any plan by the Army Corps of Engi-neers to use Federal projects to accom-modate both States’ water supply needs. 
When we look at what is really hap-
pening, it should concern every Mem-ber of this body as well as every person in the United States. For the last 30 years, as the Senator just mentioned, the States of Georgia and Alabama have been in litigation about the use of water in the ACT River system. In in-stances like this, the court system is the best way to resolve these issues be-tween the States, not the body we are in today. Instead, the senior Senator from Alabama has chosen to insert spe-cific language in this bill to litigate this issue in the Senate instead of the courts. As anyone can imagine, with nearly 30 years of court cases and 60 years of water rights issues, the line between who is right and who is wrong can sometimes get blurry, but the fact is the Senate should not be intervening in a dispute between the States. This is an issue that should be decided by the courts, and the Senate certainly should not allow one Senator to invalidate progress on a multi-State water issue problem. 
Several attempts have been made to 
get the Governors of Alabama, Georgia, and Florida to get together and once 
and for all solve this issue. 
I want to applaud today Georgia’s 
Governor, Nathan Deal, for his recent attempts to solve this issue and hope that one day we will reach a resolution to this problem that meets everybody’s needs. But for now, it seems incredibly shortsighted to force any party in the negotiating process to give in and to tip the scales in one State’s favor. 
I have had my fair share of negotia-
tions in my career, just as the senior Senator from Georgia has in his busi-ness career. I can tell you that forced negotiations never end well for any-body involved. I also know that the citizens of Georgia are not in favor of prolonging this issue any further. I know, Senator, that many of our col-leagues in Georgia and many of our colleagues here don’t like to be forced to decide issues between the States they don’t represent. 
With that, Senator, it appears that 
this bill incentivizes the State of Ala-bama not to negotiate, causing our col-leagues to adjudicate this matter with-out all the facts. 
I ask the Senator, can you give us 
your interpretation of this language one last time here? I appreciate the Senator’s leadership on this. 
Mr. ISAKSON. I thank the Senator 
for his leadership. Without reservation, the language benefits one State to the detriment of another. It is not the re-sponsibility of the Senate to do so. It is inappropriate. I would ask this ques-tion of every Member of the Senate: If we became a body of equal representa-tion, two Senators per State, that could secure that they write language into appropriations bills that disadvan-tages another State, would you want to be a part of that body or would you rather be a part of a body that debates, delegates, and then does what is right for the citizens of the United States of America and right for those they rep-resent? 
I appreciate very much the hard 
work of the Appropriations sub-committee. They have done a good job. We appreciate the priorities that Geor-gia has gotten. But I don’t appreciate a body or the attempt to make this body a court of arbitration between some-body with seniority or somebody with cash versus somebody without, or somebody with a preference versus somebody without. We need to get back to the business of debating and doing what is right for America, not disadvantaging our neighbors or advantaging ourselves over someone else, other than to negotiate what is right for the country and right for the people we represent. 
I commend the Senator from Georgia 
and appreciate his wholehearted sup-port in this. I am going to ask every Member of the Senate to vote no on moving forward on the Energy and Water appropriations bill until the lan-guage advantaging one State over an-other is removed. 
I yield back. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.013 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7235 October 8, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
FISCHER ). The Senator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that I be per-mitted to speak as in morning business for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
MENTAL HEALTH REFORM ACT OF 2015  
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
am deeply saddened by the terrible tragedy that occurred in Roseburg, OR, last week that resulted in the loss of nine lives and injured many more. My heart goes out to the victims and their families, who are struggling to under-stand this senseless act of violence and are shouldering incomprehensible grief. Roseburg, Newtown, Aurora, Virginia Tech, the Navy Yard—these mass shootings are examples of tragedies that our country has experienced far too often. 
The common thread that runs 
through all of these acts of violence is untreated or undertreated severe men-tal illness. The shootings in Roseburg should serve as a wake-up call that it is time—indeed, it is past time—for a comprehensive overhaul of America’s mental health system. 
A serious flaw in our current system 
is that it is simply far too difficult for families to get help for their adult chil-dren who are suffering from severe mental illness. Over the past several months, it has been my privilege to get to know Joe Bruce from Caratunk, ME. 
Motivated by his own family’s tragic 
experience, Joe has become a powerful advocate for mental health reform. 
Let me share with you and with my 
other colleagues Joe’s tragic story. In 2006, Joe’s 24-year old son Will, who had a history of severe and persistent mental illness, was discharged from a psychiatric hospital and returned home without the benefits of any medication. Will had been advised that without his consent, his parents had no right to participate in his treatment or to have access to his medical records. 
Will believed that there was nothing 
wrong with him and that he was not mentally ill, which can be char-acteristic of some individuals with se-vere bipolar disorder or paranoid schiz-ophrenia. Will would not consent to his parents’ involvement with his treat-ment, and because he was an adult, his father Joe and his wife Amy were barred from all access to his treatment or his medical records. 
Tragically, the fears that Amy and 
Joe had voiced to Will’s doctors that Will would hurt or kill someone came true. On June 20, 2006, Joe returned home to find the body of his wife Amy. His son Will was in a deep state of psy-chosis and, believing his mother to be involved with Al Qaeda, murdered her with a hatchet. 
Because of that tragedy, Will was 
committed to the same psychiatric hospital, which had previously dis-charged him, by a criminal court. He is now doing well because he is getting the treatment and care he should have had before. As his father says: ‘‘Iron-
ically and horribly, Will was only able to get treatment by killing his moth-er.’’ 
Joe also introduced me to a group of 
families from Maine, who are part of a group known as the Families of the 4%, a reference to the segment of our popu-lation that suffers from severe mental illness. All of them spoke of similar difficulties in getting needed treat-ment and care for their adult children suffering from severe mental illness. 
This group of parents was distressed, 
exhausted, and so worried about their loved ones. One mother told me that she had made more than 60 calls seek-ing help for her son, whom she believed was dangerous. 
Another mother described her son 
chasing her around the kitchen table with a butcher knife. A few of these families had more uplifting stories, be-cause they had finally been able to get needed help for their children. One mother told me about her son who is currently receiving treatment and is in stable condition after being hospital-ized more than 30 times in 10 years and spending time homeless and in jail. 
Another father told me about his son 
who had been hospitalized more than a dozen times but is now living in an apartment and able to hold a part-time job because he too is finally receiving the care he needs. 
While millions of Americans suffer 
from mental illness, only a very small number engage in unspeakable acts of violence against themselves or others. Yet many of the tragedies that we have witnessed in recent years—these mass shootings—might have been prevented had the proper resources been in place to support a timely diagnosis, early intervention, and effective treatment for those struggling with severe mental illness. 
That is why I have joined with my 
colleagues, Senator and Dr. C
ASSIDY  
and Senator M URPHY , in sponsoring the 
Mental Health Reform Act of 2015. This bill is patterned on a bill that has been introduced by Congressman T
IMMUR-
PHY, a clinical psychologist in the 
House of Representatives. It will make critical reforms to address a lack of re-sources, to enhance coordination, and to develop real solutions to improve outcomes for families dealing with mental illness. 
My hope is that this most recent 
tragedy in Oregon will provide an im-petus for the Senate to consider our bi-partisan bill, which has been endorsed by so many mental health groups, in-cluding the National Alliance on Men-tal Illness, the American Psychological Association, and the National Associa-tion of Psychiatric Health Systems. Passage of this comprehensive, bipar-tisan legislation would help to jump- start the much-needed conversation in this country about how to better care for people living with severe mental ill-ness and to help their loved ones. 
This bill addresses one facet, but a 
significant and ignored one, of the problem of mass shootings. I will con-
tinue to support other actions, such as the gun purchase background checks proposed by Senator M
ANCHIN and Sen-
ator T OOMEY . I hope we can come to-
gether to pass both bills to help lessen the chance that other families will have to endure the loss of a loved one to a mass shooting. 
I urge all of our colleagues to join 
Senator C
ASSIDY , Senator M URPHY , and 
me in cosponsoring this important leg-islation to strengthen our mental health system, to help ensure that oth-ers in this country do not suffer, as far too many families have done, because of adult children suffering from severe mental illness. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
MENTAL HEALTH AND SAFE COMMUNITIES ACT  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
know the President is traveling to Or-egon tomorrow. There is a lot of focus, and appropriately so, on the tragedy that occurred last Thursday afternoon in Oregon. I want to start out my re-marks this morning by offering, again, our deepest condolences and heartfelt prayers to the families and friends who suffered so much in what seems like a senseless act of violence. 
Perhaps stating the obvious, that it 
is terrible for our Nation to experience yet another tragedy like this, what I hope is that we don’t become numb to hearing these reports so we end up being frozen into inaction or dysfunc-tion but that we actually look for ways to try to work together to try to make some progress to deal with the root causes of incidents like this. 
For the family and friends of those 
who lost loved ones last week—like so many others who have lost children, their friends, and siblings in one of these shootings—we know the emo-tions are still raw and real. So it is with great deference to those who have suffered this loss that I wish to discuss what I believe to be one of the major contributing factors to these seemingly senseless acts of violence that have oc-curred across the country, and I will talk a little bit about some legislation which I have introduced which I think will actually help us address one of those root causes. 
The legislation I have introduced is 
called the Mental Health and Safe Communities Act. I believe it would bring real change to our Nation and provide help to those struggling with mental illness. This bill would em-power families with more options for their loved ones. I think about the mother of Adam Lanza, the shooter at Sandy Hook, and how she knew her son was suffering from mental illness, but basically she didn’t have any options other than to let him continue to de-scend and become sicker and sicker or to go to court and seek an involuntary commitment for a temporary period of time. 
So to make sure that families like 
Adam Lanza’s and like the mother of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.014 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7236 October 8, 2015 
the Oregon shooter—she said her son 
seemed to be doing fine as long as he took his medication, but when he quit taking his medication, he would be-come a real problem because he would get sicker and act out. 
The legislation I have introduced at-
tempts to strengthen the safety of our communities by providing families with more options when it comes to treating people with mental illness and treating them different from common 
criminals. 
We know the majority of inmates at 
our jails in America are people with mental illness. They may have com-mitted some petty crime because of their mental illness, and frequently, because of their attempts to self-medi-cate with drugs or alcohol, they get in trouble with the law. But rather than just lock them up, wouldn’t it be so much better if we could get at the root causes of their mental illness and the reason they show up there in the first place? That is actually the goal of some very innovative programs I will mention in just a moment, but the goal of my bill that I introduced in August is to support families before it is too late and to provide a path to recovery and healing for the mentally ill. 
Proactively treating those with men-
tal problems is a vital component to reducing the risk of violence in towns and cities across the country. This bill would help the whole community, in-cluding families, as I mentioned, and schools. Certainly teachers and admin-istrators at schools are privy to infor-mation and know things or suspect things that could be very helpful in providing assistance to families and those suffering from mental illness. It would also help law enforcement, pro-viding them the training to spot the warning signs of individuals who could become a danger to themselves and others. 
Many of the provisions of this legis-
lation are based on policies that have been proven effective in State and local jurisdictions around the country. 
Recently, I was in San Antonio—my 
hometown and where I served as a dis-trict judge. In August I had an oppor-tunity to visit with those in the San Antonio area who have taken a leading role in coming up with new and innova-tive ways to approach this issue, in-cluding one of the leaders of that ef-fort, Sheriff Susan Pamerleau. She championed those reforms, made our community safer, and provided fami-lies with alternatives to an endless cycle of incarceration for people with mental illness who don’t actually get their symptoms and the cause of their problems treated. 
The mental health program in Bexar 
County, which is the county where San Antonio is located, is now touted as the national standard for how to think strategically about those suffering from mental illness in our criminal justice system. The legislation I have introduced will help institute some of these best practices at the national level. This legislation would empower fami-
lies who struggle to find help for their mentally ill loved ones and encourage the development of mental health awareness programs in schools to help educators identify students with men-tal illness and provide them with the resources and treatment they need. It also includes specialized training for those on the frontlines, such as law en-forcement. I heard in San Antonio re-cently that because of the training law enforcement receives, they have been able to reduce, if not almost com-pletely eliminate, the violence that oc-curs when a police officer arrives at a call and encounters someone who is mentally ill. By providing the special-ized training, you can deescalate the violence and allow the officer to direct the person to a place where they can actually get some help. 
This legislation would also encourage 
State and local governments to create pretrial screening and assessment pro-grams to identify mentally ill offend-ers, provide need-based treatment, and develop post-release supervision plans so they don’t become a danger to them-selves and others. 
This bill also strengthens the current 
background check system by incentivizing information sharing among the States so that law enforce-ment has appropriate information re-garding individuals with adjudicated mental illness in the criminal justice system. One example that is pretty close to Washington, DC, is the Vir-ginia Tech shooter, who actually had been adjudicated mentally ill, but the State of Virginia had not uploaded that information to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System maintained by the FBI. So when he purchased a firearm, it did not show that he was disqualified, as he would have been if that information had been uploaded to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. Trying to make it easier for the States to put information into the system is one of the goals of this legislation. 
I hope my colleagues will view this as 
a commonsense attempt to try to make a significant step forward that will help not only those with mental illness get the help they need but also equip our Nation’s law enforcement officers to perform their jobs. 
Last week, more than 20 mental 
health organizations sent a letter to Members of the House advocating for mental health reform, calling the need ‘‘urgent’’ to ‘‘improve the lives of tens of millions of Americans, their fami-lies, and our communities.’’ We need to listen to them, and we need to act. 
I know from reports that some of our 
Democratic colleagues have said they are going to introduce some gun con-trol legislation that we all know has been tried before and cannot pass this Chamber. What we need instead is a broad consensus to try to get some-thing done that can bring people to-gether, and I believe my legislation can do that by addressing the root cause of some of these horrific events—again, 
mental illness. 
So instead of calling each other 
names, as the minority leader did on the floor last week, I would invite our colleagues across the aisle to do some-thing constructive and to work to-gether on this legislation. 
The Mental Health and Safe Commu-
nities Act is a serious proposal and will take important steps toward pre-venting additional tragedies across the country. I think many of us understand that mental health reform, generally speaking, is long overdue, and this is an issue many groups in the mental health community support. 
I should point out that there are 
many other organizations that support this legislation as well. Just to make my point about this being consensus legislation, I will mention some of the organizations that are supporting the Mental Health and Safe Communities Act: the National Alliance on Mental Illness, the National Association of Po-lice Organizations, the American Cor-rectional Association, the American Jail Association, the Council of State Governments, the Treatment Advocacy Center, the National Association of So-cial Workers, and the National Rifle Association. Madam President, I dare-say that you won’t find a group like that coming together on many issues, but on this legislation, on which we worked very closely with them, they have actually been able to settle some of their differences and meet each other on common ground in a way that I think gives us hope that we can actu-ally get some legislation passed and send it to the President. That will ac-tually provide help to people like Adam Lanza’s mother or the mother of the shooter in Oregon, who had no-where else to turn, under the current state of the law, in order to get her son to comply with his doctor’s orders to take his medication. Thanks to the miracle of modern medical science, there are miraculous medications that can help people suffering from mental illness lead productive and relatively normal lives. 
I encourage my colleagues to con-
sider how we can move this conversa-tion forward in a way that results in real, positive change for our country— above the polarizing rhetoric and polit-ical gamesmanship that tends to char-acterize too much of what we do here in Washington and certainly on this topic. 
Last week President Obama ad-
dressed the Nation after this horrific incident in Oregon. I believe his emo-tions were real, but unfortunately he didn’t offer any concrete solutions to the problem. He said, among other things, that making our communities safer will require changing our laws. He went on to say that Congress needs to put forward such legislation, and that what is I have tried to do. 
I am pleased that the President indi-
cated his interest and concerns, but the real question is, Will the President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Oct 08, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.016 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7237 October 8, 2015 
work with us on legislation that actu-
ally offers solutions or will it just be a matter of grandstanding? Will our Sen-ate colleagues offer legislation that previously has shown it cannot move in the Senate and render us dysfunctional or will they work together in a bipar-tisan way to try to find common ground and real solutions? I think that is the question. 
I would ask our colleagues who are 
offering legislation—sort of reliti-gating some of these issues on which we haven’t been able to find con-sensus—which of these proposals would have actually gone on to address the root causes of some of these incidents in the past? I think that is a very im-portant question because if you are in-terested in demagoguing an issue, you can talk about that and offer purported solutions which can’t pass and which actually would not have changed the outcome. What I have tried to do is fig-ure a way that—OK, given our dif-ferences on this issue, how can we find that common ground and offer solu-tions? 
Through this legislation, we would 
give families a way to help their men-tally ill family members. We would help schools appropriately identify and respond to someone with mental ill-ness. We would improve the response of law enforcement and the criminal jus-tice system to make sure that men-tally ill individuals do not become dan-gerous to themselves and others. We would work to help the States fix the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. We would reduce the stigma associated with mental illness by protecting due process rights of the mentally ill. 
I was somewhat taken aback and dis-
turbed when I saw a story this morning in Politico: ‘‘Dems ready sweeping new guns bill.’’ One of the statements in the article jumped out at me. It says: ‘‘Democratic leaders are wary that their rank and file could defect and begin supporting the Cornyn bill.’’ So actually, according to this article, what is occurring is, rather than look-ing to find consensus or to join to-gether to support legislation that might actually help solve the problem, some in the Democratic leadership are actively lobbying their own Members not to get on legislation or support leg-islation that might actually pass and might actually work. That strikes me as incredibly cynical and doesn’t dem-onstrate an interest in actually solving the problem but, rather, political grandstanding. 
I would encourage all of our col-
leagues, regardless of where you stand on this issue, let’s try to figure out a way to move forward. We have a real opportunity to address the common element found in most of these mass shootings, and we don’t have any time to waste. We can do better for the American people and get the Mental Health and Safe Communities Act done. UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, following the cloture vote on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 2028 on Thurs-day, October 8, the Senate proceed to executive session to consider the fol-lowing nominations en bloc: Calendar Nos. 123, 266, 267, 300, 325 through 328, 330, 331, and 335; that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc without in-tervening action or debate; that fol-lowing disposition of the nominations, the motions to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any statements re-lated to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be im-
mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion, and the Senate then resume legis-lative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I have come to the floor to speak in support of the fiscal year 2016 Energy and Water appropriations bill. I want to thank the senior Senator from Ten-nessee for his leadership in developing this bill, for doing his part to help the Senate return to a regular budgeting process, and I want to urge my col-leagues not to filibuster when we vote on it. 
The Appropriations Committee 
passed this bill with broad bipartisan approval in late May. The final vote in committee was 26–4, with all Repub-licans and 10 Democratic Senators sup-porting it. That means close to 90 per-cent of the Appropriations Committee voted to advance this bill—a very strong ratio that we should carry over here on the floor, instead of grounding it with demands for more and more spending. 
There is a lot in here that the Senate 
should like. My colleague from Ten-nessee has developed a good, balanced bill that will provide funding and direc-tion to the Department of Energy, the Army Corps of Engineers, and the Bu-reau of Reclamation. It will allow the Senate to advance our Nation’s energy security, nuclear waste cleanup, flood control, and infrastructure develop-ment. 
We hear a lot of talk about the im-
portance of Federal energy policy around here. As the chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee, I certainly agree that energy policy and stewardship of our public lands are worthy of our time and atten-tion. And that is one of the reasons this bill should be allowed to go for-ward. It will support research and de-velopment for our conventional energy resources, for renewable resources, for nuclear energy, and for many other promising technologies. 
It includes a pilot program for the 
consolidated storage of spent nuclear fuel, a step in the right direction after years of stalemate that have placed our 
Nation’s nuclear future in limbo. 
It focuses on the legacy wastes from 
the Manhattan Project and provides considerable funding for environmental cleanup at legacy sites around the country. 
It will also uphold our Nation’s nu-
clear security, providing funds for non-proliferation efforts and weapons ac-tivities. 
But that is not all this bill will ac-
complish. 
It will also fund the Army Corps of 
Engineers, whose construction projects and maintenance operations are crit-ical not only for Alaska’s harbors, but for every port in the country. Dozens of communities in my home State depend on the sea for their livelihoods—it is a 
source of food, jobs, and income. With-out a viable port, many Alaskans can-not maintain their traditional subsist-ence way of life, so this is particularly vital to our Alaska Native commu-nities. 
I don’t have time to tick through 
what this bill will do for all 50 States— but I can tell the Senate a little about what it will do for Alaska. 
It will fund general investigations in 
Craig, Kotzebue, Perryville, and St. George. 
It will provide construction funds for 
Port Lions and fund the Continuing Authorities Program, which allows projects that are needed by small com-munities to take place far quicker than can occur through the usual congres-sional approval process. 
Operations and maintenance funds 
will go towards dredging in Anchorage, Homer, Nome, and other cities to en-sure their harbors are in good working order and able to handle maritime traf-fic. 
This is a good bill. It spends a total 
of $35.4 billion—which used to be a big number around here. It makes impor-tant choices and wise choices and funds our priorities. 
So if you care about the national lab 
system or university research pro-grams, you should support this bill. 
If you care about energy innovation 
and nuclear safety and nonprolifera-tion, you should support this bill. 
If you care about ports, roads, har-
bors, and other infrastructure all around the country, you should support this bill. 
And if you think the Senate should 
lead in the Federal budgeting process— if you are serious about getting that back on track, serious about us playing a role instead of being a bystander— you should support this bill. 
Again, I thank the senior Senator 
from Tennessee for his hard work and encourage the Senate to move to full consideration of this important bill. 
Mr. CORNYN. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.017 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7238 October 8, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that during the Democratic-controlled time, Demo-cratic speakers be allowed to speak for up to 3 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
come to the floor today to speak on an issue that hits far too close to home for far too many families in Washington State and across the country—in Roseburg, OR; in Blacksburg, VA; in Newtown, CT; in Seattle, WA, where a student at Seattle Pacific University opened fire just over 1 year ago; in Marysville, WA, where a teenager killed four students in a high school cafeteria before turning the gun on himself; and in so many other commu-nities, too many to list. 
Madam President, in the hours and 
days and weeks after those shootings in my State, the community showed incredible resilience and strength. But I can tell you that anyone who has been affected by gun violence under-stands all too well that all the strength in the world will never erase the pain of the parents who lost a child or the students who lost friends and teachers. 
Today I echo the questions I have 
heard from so many people in Wash-ington State: What will it take for this Congress to adopt simple, common-sense reforms? Why would this Con-gress hesitate at taking even the most basic steps to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals? Why do we fail to act when children at school and young adults on campus and women in abusive relationships and so many others are so vulnerable to the threat of gun violence? 
I know this is a complex issue, but 
that doesn’t mean we should do noth-ing. It is long past time for us to im-prove background checks. It is long past time for us to end the illegal pipe-line of guns that contribute to crime. 
I think it is also important to note 
that too often those who commit ter-rible acts of violence needed help and intervention they did not get. To be clear, they represent a very small mi-nority of the many people in our coun-try who struggle with mental illness. But when so many lives are truly on the line, we need a comprehensive ap-proach, and that should include strengthening our mental health care system so that it is available to anyone who needs it. 
Madam President, this issue isn’t 
going to go away. I wish it would. I wish we never had to have this con-versation again. I wish we had never had to hear about the latest child killed, the latest school upended. I know we all wish that. Wishing will not make it happen. It is time for Con-
gress to listen to the American people and act. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, 
Congress has failed to protect the American people from the tragic gun violence that is plaguing our Nation. The mass shooting in Roseburg, OR, was the 297th in the United States this year alone. That is more than one mass shooting per day so far this year in our country. 
In fact, every year more than 30,000 
Americans are killed by guns. Yet the Republicans have blocked any legisla-tion to prevent future tragedies. It is past time for us to act. It is time for us to listen to the American people, who overwhelmingly support commonsense legislation on guns. Ninety percent of Americans support background checks before someone can buy a gun. Ninety percent of Americans support back-ground checks before someone can buy a gun—90 percent of Americans. 
So let’s close the loopholes that 
allow online gun sales and sales at gun shows without a background check. Ninety percent of Americans want background checks. Let’s close the loophole that allows already proven do-mestic abusers to buy guns. That is overwhelmingly supported by the American people. Let’s close the loop-hole that allows straw purchasers to buy guns and flood our streets with them. Overwhelmingly, Americans don’t want these kinds of illicit sales with no background checks to be con-ducted across our country. Let’s close the loophole that allows a gun sale be-fore a background check is completed. At least let’s complete it. Let’s take our heads out of the sand on the causes of gun violence and how to prevent it. 
We have the power here on the floor 
of the United States Senate to pass leg-islation that pretty much all of Amer-ica expects us to pass. It is time to end the NRA’s vise-like control of this Chamber. The NRA says it is the Na-tional Rifle Association. Well, our goal should be, on this floor, to say that the NRA stands for ‘‘Not Relevant Any-more’’ in American politics. 
We should do this now. There is an 
epidemic of gun violence in our coun-try. It is not preordained; it is prevent-able. I am proud to join with my col-leagues in support of these common-sense gun safety measures. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri. 
Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Madam President, 
I was born in a small rural community where deer season was as much a part of fall as football and falling leaves. I was raised in a household where my dad taught us that hunting was part of our culture in Missouri. I don’t know any of my dad’s friends, but I certainly know that my father, were he still alive, would be shaking his head about the massacres, about school shoot-ings—45 school shootings in one year— 
of innocent children, innocent college students being mowed down. It is hor-rific and it is tragic. 
The American people want us to re-
spect gun rights, but they want us to use common sense. They don’t want terrorists to be able to buy a gun at a gun show. We should not be selling AK– 47s to terrorists at gun shows. We should not be allowing someone who is convicted of stalking the ability to buy a gun. 
That is the only thing we are talking 
about, the principles of common sense that run deep in my State. Close the gun show loophole. Make background checks more effective in order to keep guns out of those hands that should never hold them. 
No one is trying to do anything other 
than protect the innocent. No one is trying to remove a gun from lawful citizens of the United States, but if we do nothing, if we shrug our shoulders and do nothing when an overwhelming majority of our country want us to try to close these loopholes and make background checks more effective, then we are part of the problem. We really need to look in the mirror at the billions we are spending to fight terror-ists who are not mowing down our citi-zens, our innocent children sitting in classrooms, and the billions of dollars we are spending to try to make sure il-legal immigrants don’t come in this country when, among us, we allow ter-rorists to buy guns at gun shows, and we allow convicted stalkers to get a weapon. Fifty percent of murder vic-tims in domestic violence have been stalked. 
I hope that Americans rise up and 
call their Congressman, call their Con-gresswoman, call their Senator, and get busy because we have to take ac-tion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I rise today to join my colleagues in calling for commonsense action to keep guns out of the hands of dan-gerous people who should not have guns, including domestic abusers, and to close loopholes in existing laws that are now being exploited by criminals who are prohibited by law from pos-sessing guns. 
Like the Presiding Officer’s State, 
my State is a big hunting State. We are proud of that tradition, so when-ever I look at any of these proposals, I think: Would this somehow hurt my Uncle Dick in his deer stand? Would it do anything to take away the rights of those who hunt, the rights of legal gun owners? That is how I look at each pro-posal, and the proposals we are talking about today would not do that. I wouldn’t be supporting them if I thought they did. 
We know that no single policy can 
prevent every tragedy that has been caused by gun violence, but there is one area—what I call the silent vic-tims—the women and the children who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.019 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7239 October 8, 2015 
are killed in their homes every single 
day due to acts of domestic violence. According to domestic violence ex-perts, more than three women per day lose their lives to their partners. More than half of those are killed—are shot—with a gun. This means that thousands of women—thousands and thousands of women in the United States—were murdered by an intimate partner using a gun between 2001 and 2012 alone. These crimes don’t discrimi-nate. They impact people across all backgrounds, ethnicities, and income levels. They are serious crimes, and the numbers tell the story of the work left to do. 
I am a former prosecutor. Before I 
came to the Senate, I spent 8 years running an office of 400 people. We made prosecuting felons in possession of guns one of our major priorities, and I am proud of the work we did. I will say that some of the disturbing cases that were murders, that were shoot-ings, did not always involve felons, but they involved criminals. They involved people who, over a series of crimes, had racked up a number of convictions, maybe in the misdemeanor area, maybe for restraining orders and other things. 
I remember one case where a woman 
was shot to death by her boyfriend. He killed her and then killed himself while both of their children were still in the house. It was ultimately his 12-year-old daughter who went to the neighbors for help. The worst part of the story: It could have been prevented. In the 2 years leading up to the murder-suicide, the police had been called at least five times to resolve domestic disputes. Yet somehow this man managed to have a gun in his hands that day and kill his girlfriend. 
Consider the police officer who was 
called to a domestic scene. The guy there had mental health problems. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. I ask unanimous 
consent for 30 more seconds. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. The man there 
shot the police officer in the head— shot him in the head. I was at that scene, and what I will never forget are the three little kids, including the lit-tle girl with a blue dress with stars all over it, going down the aisle of that church after being in that church a week before for a nativity play with her father. That is what we are talking about, and we are very glad that this proposal will be in the package of pro-posals along with the background check. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I 
am very proud to stand up with my col-leagues and say: It is time to act. Enough is enough. Close loopholes that are being used by people who are not following the law, unfortunately re-sulting in death and injury to children 
and families across the country. 
Like a lot of my colleagues, I grew up 
in a small rural town in Northern Michigan. My family members are all hunters. We enjoy the outdoors and gun ownership. I purchase and own guns myself. That is not what this is about. My family goes through back-ground checks. We don’t want people being able to use loopholes and not to have to follow the law. So this is sim-ply about making sure that the law makes sense and that we are enforcing it. 
I also think it is very important to 
stress the fact that we know there are tremendous mental health needs in this country. In fact, Senator B
LUNT  
and I offered legislation—the Excel-lence in Mental Health Act—before this body that was passed as a pilot project to get started about 18 months ago. If we had the full support of our Repub-lican colleagues in the House and the Senate, we could quickly make com-prehensive quality mental health serv-ices available all across the country. Instead, because we have not yet—I hope we can get that support. I would love to see that support. If we had that support, we would have more than eight States that are going to have emergency mental health services available, 24-hour services available, so families or law enforcement or individ-uals have a place to take someone or someone can go in themselves and ask for help—24-hour psychiatric services available on an emergency basis. 
That is what is in the Excellence in 
Mental Health Act. We have begun the process to make sure it is available in these States. It needs to be available in 50 States. We need to make sure com-prehensive services are available in the community for behavioral health just as we have for federally qualified health centers. 
We came together on a bipartisan 
basis to extend funding for federally qualified health centers. We now have a new category called federally qualified behavioral health clinics, and funding will be available to comprehensively provide those services in eight States under our pilot project. It needs to be in 50 States. 
I welcome colleagues coming to the 
floor and talking about what we need to do in mental health. We have col-leagues on both sides of the aisle. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Ms. STABENOW. If I may ask for 15 
more seconds. 
We have colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle on bipartisan proposals on a number of different issues. Let’s get that done, too. Let’s fully fund com-prehensive community mental health services. Let’s work together on the other issues. It is time to pass com-monsense gun safety laws. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, 
today Democrats, from the most mod-erate and conservative Members of our 
caucus to the most liberal, are united around a series of principles. They are principles that are overwhelmingly supported by over 90 percent of the American people—universal back-ground checks. They are principles that are supported, according to Pew, a nonpolitical poll, by 85 percent of gun owners. They will save tens of thou-sands of lives without impinging on the rights of any legitimate gun owner. 
The gun owners know it. That is why 
85 percent of them support it. Gun own-ers don’t want felons to get guns. Gun owners don’t want people who have been convicted of stalking and abuse to get guns. We know that. Yet our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle refuse to move on anything. Senator C
ORNYN —I know Senator S TABENOW  
and Senator M URPHY and others have 
done great work on mental health. Senator C
ORNYN came to the floor 
today and talked about mental health. First, we want to do things on mental health. We should. It is a huge prob-lem. I would like to see my good friend from Texas support the money that is needed—not a pilot program, but the money that is needed. 
The more important point is this: 
Doing things on mental health—which we should—is not a substitute for clos-ing the gun show loophole. Some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are feeling the heat, but instead of tak-ing the action they should, supporting closing the gun show loophole, they say let’s focus on mental health with-out giving any good reason why we shouldn’t close the gun show loophole. Let’s do both. 
Today we are calling on the Amer-
ican people to create a groundswell. President Obama was exactly correct. The gridlock in Congress on guns— which befuddles almost all American people in every State, purple, red, or blue—is because the overwhelming sup-port of the American people is not translated into action here. We are calling on the American people to raise their voices in the next few months. We are calling on the American people to write. We are calling on the American people to call. We are calling on the American people to tweet. We are call-ing on the American people to post on Facebook. We are calling on the Amer-ican people to march and tell Wash-ington: Enough—enough of these ter-rible shootings that all of us grieve over. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous con-
sent for an additional minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Let’s put the other 
side on notice. We will get a vote on this legislation. We will use all the pro-cedural means in our ability. Once the groundswell occurs and people on both sides of the aisle have to study the issue, they will have to vote. We will do it either toward the end of this term 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.020 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7240 October 8, 2015 
or early in the next term of this Con-
gress, and we believe we have a chance to win. The American people have said enough. A small group in the House and Senate, who are so unrepresenta-tive of the views of their constituents, will not hold things up any longer. That is my belief. I hope and pray it becomes a reality. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, de-
mocracy doesn’t work like this. De-mocracy doesn’t work such that 90 per-cent of the American public can sup-port the pretty simple concept that you should not get a gun if you are a criminal and have Congress ignore its will. Democracy doesn’t work like that. 
As Senator S
CHUMER said, this is 
really about making sure the American public are engaged at the highest level and are making it absolutely clear that silence in the face of these mass mur-ders, silence in the face of young men and women—predominantly young men getting gunned down in the streets of our cities every day—isn’t acceptable. 
We are hopeful that over the course 
of the next several weeks and months Congress is going to hear loud and clear that our silence has effectively become an endorsement for these mur-ders. I know that is hard to hear. But the reality is that when the Nation’s most esteemed deliberative body does absolutely nothing in the face of this slaughter—we don’t even hold one sin-gle public hearing—those whose minds are becoming unhinged start to think that those in charge have quietly en-dorsed it, because if they didn’t, they would be doing something about it. 
The outline that we have laid before 
our colleagues today is reasonable, commonsense, and exists side by side along with the protection of the Sec-ond Amendment, and we should adopt it as quickly as possible. But at the very least, we should get started on a conversation about how we can end our silence on this issue. 
I live every day with the memory of 
standing before the parents of Sandy Hook Elementary School on that morning on which 20 first graders were gunned down. I live every day with the thought of a young man, disturbed in his mind, walking in with a military- style assault weapon, and in less than 5 minutes, killing every single little boy and girl that he shot. Twenty little boys and girls were shot in under 5 minutes. Every single one of them was dead because of the power of that gun, because it was being loaded by car-tridges of 30 bullets at a time. It is something no hunter needs in order to enjoy his sport or his pastime. 
I talked to my first grader this morn-
ing as he was heading off to school. I told him that I was coming to talk about keeping guns out of the hands of 
criminals. He looked at me with this vision of puzzlement. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has used 3 minutes. Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, I 
ask for 1 additional minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MURPHY. He didn’t understand 
why it was already the law of the land. A 7-year-old had enough common sense to know that criminals should not be able to own guns. As he went off to his first grade classroom—not unlike the first grade classroom that those little boys and girls walked into in December of 2012—I was reminded of the fact that if little boys and girls in a quiet town in Connecticut or young men and women in a quiet town in Oregon are not safe, then my son is not safe either. In the face of political opposition, which is real, that is why we are com-ing together to say: Enough is enough. It is time for us to understand that without a change in the law, the re-ality on the ground for those who are being affected by this plague, this epi-demic of gun violence, will not end ei-ther. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, we are saying today not only enough is enough but also: Rise up, America, and demand action from this Congress, which for too long has been complicit—in fact, an aider and abettor in the mass killings that have taken place at Virginia Tech, Columbine, Charleston, Sandy Hook, and now Roseburg. 
If America rises up, Congress will 
hear and heed that message, just as it would in any public health crisis, and today we face a public health crisis as real and urgent as a contagion of flu or tuberculosis or, yes, Ebola. The same kind of urgency and immediacy in re-sponse is necessary—commonsense, sensible measures to fill gaps, close loopholes, and expand existing law to keep guns out of the hands of dan-gerous people. One of those principles should be this: no background check, no gun; no check, no sale. 
Let us close the gap that permits 
countless criminals to buy guns be-cause the background check isn’t com-plete within the required 72 hours. One of the 15,729 ineligible purchasers over 
the last 5 years—people who were barred by law from buying guns—was Dylann Roof in Charleston. He used his gun to kill nine people in a church in Charleston. He was ineligible to buy a gun, but the background check was not completed within 72 hours. 
We are igniting and activating a si-
lent majority in America. More than 90 percent of the American people want background checks on every gun buyer, along with other commonsense meas-ures, such as a ban on illegal traf-ficking and straw purchases and a men-tal health initiative in school safety. Let us give America its say, and this moment is one we should seize to say: Rise up, America. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
it wasn’t long ago that towns such as Columbine, Aurora, Blacksburg, New-town, and now Roseburg were unknown outside their States. But today, these towns have witnessed the worst kind of tragedy: mass shootings, bodies torn to pieces, families shattered. The common element in each has been an unstable individual who had easy access to dead-ly weapons. 
I stood here 2
1⁄2years ago to argue for 
restrictions on the manufacture, trans-fer, and importation of military-style assault weapons and high-capacity am-munition magazines. That vote failed. 
I stood here to argue for universal 
background checks. It makes sense that there be a process to ensure a fire-arm isn’t purchased by someone who can’t legally possess it, such as a felon. Even that bill, supported by the over-whelming majority of the public, failed. 
Here we are once again, standing on 
the Senate floor, demanding action in the wake of another deadly shooting. As frustrated as I may be, I have not lost hope that the American people will rise up and force their elected rep-resentatives to take real action to help stop these senseless murders. I hope they pick up their phones and call every Senator, every Representative, and every Presidential candidate and demand to know where they stand. 
President Obama noted this week 
that the United States is the only country—the only country—that so fre-quently suffers these deadly attacks. Let me quote some figures. In 2013, we had 33,636 people killed by guns. In 2011, there were 146 gun deaths in the United Kingdom and 698 in Canada. In 2012, Australia saw 226 gun deaths. Last year, there were 6 gun deaths in Japan. Our number is 33,636. 
We cannot let that continue. Gun 
laws work in other countries, and they can work here too. There are simple ac-tions that Congress can take to make a difference. An individual should not be able to buy any weapon they want on-line or at a gun show with no back-ground check. An individual should not be able to purchase weapons and then immediately resell them, without background checks, to criminals. An individual who has committed domes-tic violence should not be able to pur-chase firearms. 
These are not drastic changes. In 
fact, all of these proposals are already law in some States. Congress simply must take some action. The longer we delay, the more innocent people, in-cluding children, will be killed in our schools, our office parks, our movie theaters, and our streets. 
I wish to conclude with a story writ-
ten by blog writer Glennon Doyle Melton. She offers up a powerful tale, and I would like to read a portion of it. 
‘‘Two weeks ago, my second and 
fourth grade daughters came home from school and told me that they’d had a code red drill.’’ 
She recalled her daughter saying: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.023 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7241 October 8, 2015 
[The drill was] in case someone tries to kill 
us. We had to all hide in the bathroom to-gether and be really quiet. It was really scary but the teacher said if there was a real man with a gun trying to find us, she’d cover us up and protect us from him. Tommy started crying. I tried to be brave. 
Glennon continues: 
My three-year-old nephew had the same 
drill in his preschool in Virginia. Three-year- old American babies and teachers—hiding in bathrooms, holding hands, preparing for death. We are saying to teachers: arm your-selves and fight men with assault weapons because we are too cowardly to fight the gun lobby. 
We are saying to a terrified generation of 
American children—WE WILL NOT DO WHAT IT TAKES TO PROTECT YOU. WE WILL NOT EVEN TRY. So just be very quiet, hide and wait. Hold your breath. Shhh. 
This is chilling. To hear what our 
children and grandchildren must en-dure, even in their earliest years. I wish to say to all of us that we must have the courage to stand up and do what it takes to provide some common-sense protection for our constituents and for our country. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Madam Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Madam Presi-
dent, I rise to talk about the topic of gun violence. Time and again we have heard calls in this Chamber for tougher gun safety laws. We have debated ideas that have ultimately fallen short of passage. These were basic reforms that would better protect all Americans, and every time these proposals have failed, more of our communities have fallen victim to gun violence. There are more and more vigils, more funer-als, and more questions about how these tragedies keep happening. 
Today lawmakers in Washington put 
forward a set of general principles to guide us as we work to stop the enor-mous amount of gun violence and gun deaths in our country. These principles include more thorough background checks, which the vast majority of Americans support. They include clos-ing the various loopholes that make it so easy for criminals—not law-abiding citizens—to buy guns, and they include cracking down on gun trafficking and making it a Federal crime. 
I have introduced a bipartisan bill 
with Senator K
IRK. The bill called the 
Hadiya Pendleton and Nyasia Pryear- Yard Gun Trafficking and Crime Pre-vention Act of 2015. It was named after two young girls who lost their lives when stray bullets from gang violence killed them. 
This bill is bipartisan. My main co-
sponsor is a Republican. Gun traf-ficking is recognized all around this country as a major source of fuel for American gun violence. Our bill would finally make gun trafficking a Federal 
crime. It would give law enforcement the tools they need to get illegal guns—we are not talking about legal guns—off the streets and prosecute those who make money dealing in traf-ficked weapons. 
Right now there is no Federal law 
that prevents someone from loading their truck in Georgia, driving up I–95, and reselling those guns to gang mem-bers in New York. These guns go to dangerous criminals. They are not going to our law-abiding citizens. They are not going to hunters in upstate New York. They are going to gang members in New York City, Chicago, and big cities across this country. 
We need to make it possible for our 
law enforcement to do their jobs. I have said it over and over again, noth-ing ever happens in Washington until regular people stand up and demand ac-tion. They want this nonsense to stop. They want innocent lives not to be lost because of criminals and the mentally ill who can so easily get access to weapons. It is insane that we cannot do commonsense gun reform that the vast majority of Americans and gun owners actually support. 
If you, God forbid, are a parent who 
has lost a child, we need to hear your voice. If you are a member of law en-forcement, we need to hear from you about what has worked and what has not worked. What resources do you need for us to help you do your job? If you are a law-abiding gun owner, we need to hear your ideas about how to prevent criminals from getting their hands on guns. If your life has been af-fected by gun violence, we need to hear your ideas about how to prevent other people from having to live through the horror you have lived through. 
The only way we are going to make 
our country safer from gun violence is through Federal action. Right now, we are stuck with a patch of State and local laws which make it very hard for law enforcement to do their jobs to keep us safe. We urgently need Federal gun safety reform. Month after month, year after year illegal guns tear apart communities in New York and across our country. 
According to the last Federal data, 
there were 8,539 firearms recovered and traced in my home State in 2013 alone, and of those more than 8,500 guns, nearly 70 percent of them came from out of State. 
I cannot say this more strongly: We 
have to make gun trafficking a Federal crime. Give law enforcement the tools they need to keep our communities safe. Stop handing guns over to crimi-nals. We can do this. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 338 
Ms. AYOTTE. Madam President, I 
come to the floor to urge my col-leagues to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. This has been a very important pro-gram for preserving our outdoor spaces 
and the beauty of our country. It is particularly important to my home State of New Hampshire, where this fund actually comes from leasing reve-nues from oil and gas, and so these are dollars that are supposed to be des-ignated for this purpose since the law was passed in 1965. I am very dis-appointed that this body has allowed the LWCS authorization to expire. 
We have a bipartisan bill, which is 
cosponsored by Senator B
URR, Senator 
BENNET , and myself—the Burr-Bennet- 
Ayotte bill, which is one that I will seek unanimous consent on in a mo-ment. It has a number of cosponsors. This is a very bipartisan bill. Senator T
ESTER , Senator S HAHEEN , Senator 
ALEXANDER , Senator C OLLINS , and Sen-
ator K INGhave also cosponsored this 
bill. This bill would permanently reau-thorize the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund. 
We know from a previous vote in the 
Senate, we have 60 votes for permanent reauthorization. People on both sides of the aisle feel very strongly about preserving our great outdoors in this country. 
In New Hampshire, the Land and 
Water Conservation Fund has been used on 650 projects, from every aspect of our State—from Sunapee to Ossipee, to Berlin, to Seabrook, to my home city of Nashua, and the Mine Falls Park that I run in every day whenever I am home. 
According to travel officials, 660,000 
visitors are expected to travel to New Hampshire this weekend over the Co-lumbus Day holiday. We welcome them, but they are coming to experi-ence the beauty and iconic fall foliage of New Hampshire, and the Land and Water Conservation Fund has given them opportunities to enjoy our great outdoors, whether it is hiking, bicy-cling or hunting, whatever they like to do in the great outdoors. 
Protecting our treasured outdoor 
spaces is not a partisan issue. We should work together on this issue and extend this important fund. I urge this body to immediately take up and pass the reauthorization for the Land and 
Water Conservation Fund and to con-tinue to preserve our great outdoors, this beautiful country, and my beau-tiful State of New Hampshire. The Land and Water Conservation Fund has helped to preserve our beauty not only in New Hampshire but across this country and our Nation. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 10, S. 338; I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, reserv-
ing the right to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, I want to 
be very clear about what it is we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.024 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7242 October 8, 2015 
talking about today. We are discussing 
the expiration of the Land and Water Conservation Fund’s ability to accrue additional revenues to the fund and nothing more. 
According to the Congressional Re-
search Service, the Land and Water Conservation Fund currently has an unappropriated balance of around $20 billion that can be appropriated in im-plementing LWCF projects. If you as-sume the current rate of appropria-tions is roughly $300 million per year, it would take around 60 years before that fund is exhausted. 
Meanwhile, we have both the Senate 
Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee and its House counterpart, the House Natural Resources Committee, working on reforms to the LWCF to ad-dress some of the issues that are caus-ing a lot of people to be concerned with the LWCF. These issues involve, for in-stance, the maintenance backlog that we have with regard to many of our na-tional parks and public lands and also with regard to the manner in which the Federal Government acquires new land. This is of concern to many of us, espe-cially those of us who come from a State like mine where the Federal Gov-ernment owns nearly 70 percent of the land. 
On that basis, Madam President, I 
object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from New Hampshire. Ms. AYOTTE. Madam President, I am 
obviously disappointed that an objec-tion has been rendered by my colleague from Utah, but I will say I appreciate his interest in making sure we main-tain our public parks and lands, and this is certainly an interest that we all share together. It is my hope that we reauthorize this program—I know there are some very important projects that can go forward not only in New Hampshire but across the country—be-cause you can’t do anything new unless you reauthorize it. 
I am disappointed that there is an ob-
jection, but I am hoping this is some-thing we can overcome and make sure we can work together and get this re-authorized. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, just to 
clarify. We have two committees, one in the Senate and one in the House, looking at the possibilities for reform-ing this program. I am confident we can find agreement on how this pro-gram ought to be reformed. That is my goal, and I will continue to work to-ward that end. I want to make sure we have reforms put in place as we reau-thorize this. 
In the meantime, I want to be clear: 
This doesn’t do anything to halt the program as a whole. This just deals with the accrual of revenue to a fund that has an accumulated unappropri-ated balance of $20 billion. We cer-tainly have time. This shouldn’t be rushed through. We need to give the committees the time they need in 
order to work out the reforms needed. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I join the Senator from New Hamp-shire, Ms. A
YOTTE . I thank her for her 
leadership on the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. She has been out front on this, she cares about it, she is effec-tive, and works well with other Mem-bers of the Senate. My bet is that she will succeed before very long. 
In 1985 and 1986, at President Rea-
gan’s request, I was chairman of the President’s Commission on Americans Outdoors. It was our job to look ahead for a generation and try to see what kind of recreational facilities Ameri-cans would need in the next genera-tion. Our principal recommendation was that we fully fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund. It was cre-ated in the 1960s and has worked with States, as well as through the Federal Government, to create city parks and opportunities to enjoy one of those as-pects of the American character that makes us exceptional; that is, the great American outdoors. 
Senator B
URRof North Carolina and 
Senator A YOTTE of New Hampshire 
have been among the most vigorous supporters of the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. I join with them, and I look forward to their success. 
Now, on another subject, Madam 
President, in about 15 minutes, the full Senate will have an opportunity to vote on whether we want to consider the Energy and Water Appropriations bill this year. We are voting on the mo-tion to proceed to the bill. 
I will try to put that in plain 
English. That means our Appropria-tions Committee, which consists of 30 Members of the Senate, has finished its work on the Energy and Water Appro-priations bill. In fact, we finished it on May 21. We voted in a bipartisan way, 26 to 4, to send it to the floor of the Senate. 
Senator F
EINSTEIN , who is a wonder-
ful partner to work with from Cali-fornia, is the ranking Democrat on the Energy and Water Subcommittee. She helped write the bill. I helped write the bill. Thirty other members of the Ap-propriations Committee helped write the bill. This will be an opportunity for the other 70 Members of the Senate to get involved in our first responsibility, which is the Senate appropriations process. 
So the question is that a ‘‘yes’’ vote 
means yes we want to debate the bill. 
As a Member of the Senate, I would 
like to be involved in the Energy and Water appropriations process. I would like to have a say about where we put our nuclear waste. I would like to have a say about our National Laboratories and what they are doing to create new jobs for our country. I would like to have a say about whether we will be first or whether we will be in the mid-dle of the pack on supercomputing. I 
would like to have a say about whether the harbors along our coasts are dredged and deepened so that the big ships from the Panama Canal, which is being widened, will come to the United States and bring cargo and jobs here instead of other places. I would like to have a say about nuclear weapons. I would like to have a say about whether to move ahead with a new class of sub-marines. 
All of that is in this bill. All 30 Sen-
ators on the Appropriations Committee have had our say, but the other 70 Sen-ators have not. The way the Senate works is this is the time for Senators to stand up and say yes or no. I want to have my say on behalf of my State about national defense and about growth, about jobs, about our country. Why wouldn’t a Senator want to do that? It is hard for me to understand this. 
The Democrats are saying: No, we 
don’t even want to talk about it. They are saying: No, we don’t want to debate it. 
That is our job. It is our job to debate 
it. They say: Well, we have a difference of opinion over spending. Do my col-leagues know how big our difference of opinion is? Three percent. This bill that we are about to vote on spends 97 percent as much money as the Demo-crats want to spend. They want to spend 3 percent more. I actually think this is a pretty good way to appro-priate. That means we at least been able to squeeze 3 percent out. And if later on, in a few weeks, we have a way of negotiating an agreement that says we will spend 3 percent more, we can add that 3 percent in 24 hours. It would not take long at all. That would be the way to do it. 
The way we are supposed to do an ap-
propriation is to bring the bill to the floor and let all 100 Senators vote on it—not just the 30 who are on the Ap-propriations Committee—and have a conference with the House of Rep-resentatives. They have had their say. Then we send it to the President and he has his say. 
Now, the President has said he will 
veto it because it needs to spend 3 per-cent more. That is his prerogative under the Constitution. It is the pre-rogative of the minority Democrats in the Senate to say we will uphold the President’s veto because we agree with him on spending. But we don’t start the process at the beginning and not even allow the full Senate to do its ap-propriations job. We go through the whole process and let the President have his say and then we sit down and talk about what to do. 
This is a very bad precedent that 
really insults the Senate. What this means is that if the Republicans are in the minority of the Senate in the next Congress and we have a difference of opinion with the Democrats over how much to spend, we won’t have an ap-propriations process, some might say. They will say: We have a difference of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.026 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7243 October 8, 2015 
opinion, and since we have 41 Senators, 
we will just stop the appropriations process at the beginning. We won’t let the rest of the Senate have its say. 
That is not the way we are supposed 
to do our job. We are sent here to have our say on behalf of the people. 
Let me give an example or two, if I 
may. Senator F
EINSTEIN and I worked 
very hard on this bill. It provides a total of $35 billion; $1.2 billion more than last year and $668 million below the President’s budget request. The bill is consistent with the Federal law that is called the Budget Control Act. We didn’t just make up out of thin air how much to spend. The law tells us how much to spend. That is the law of the Senate, which the House and the Sen-ate all voted for, passed, and signed, and which governs what we spend. Our friends on the other side would like to spend more. That is their prerogative and they can vote to spend more. But why would they stop us from having a discussion about spending more? 
Half the bill is nondefense spending 
that supports scientific research and laboratories, harbors, locks, and dams. Half the bill is defense spending. It funds nuclear weapons, life extension programs. It maintains our nuclear weapons stockpile. As I said earlier, the Senate Appropriations Committee fully considered it and approved the work that Senator F
EINSTEIN and I had 
done, 26 to 4, on a bipartisan basis. De-fense spending is higher this year, pri-marily because of an agreement we made a few years ago when we enacted the START treaty to modernize our nuclear weapons program. It funds sev-eral other important agencies, includ-ing the Department of Energy, the Army Corps of Engineers, and the Na-tional Nuclear Administration. It re-duces wasteful spending because of our oversight. Every year, Senator F
EIN-
STEIN and I cut out of our budget at 
least one program that we consider low priority. We did that again this year. And if the Senate would allow us to have the bill on the floor and discuss it and vote on it and approve it, we could save $150 million from the U.S. con-tributions to the International Ther-monuclear Experimental Reactor in France. But, no, we are not going to discuss that, say our friends on the other side. 
The bill helps our economy. Former 
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke wrote a good column in the Wall Street Journal earlier this week. He said: Don’t count on the Fed alone to make the economy better. We have to do some other things. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I thought I had 
until 12:45 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democrats have 9 minutes remaining. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I am sorry. If I 
may have 30 more seconds to wind up— no one told me that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. I thank the Chair. 
So I would say to my friends on the 
other side, if you want to have a say about nuclear waste, about nuclear de-fense, about National Laboratories, about flood control, about waterways, and about locks and dams, then vote yes, because that will give you a say and you will be doing your job. Voting no sets a dangerous precedent for the Senate that says we are not interested in doing our job on appropriations. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I 
rise as the vice chair of the Appropria-tions Committee to urge my colleagues to vote no on the motion to proceed to the Energy and Water appropriations bill. 
I wish to comment about the re-
marks of the Senator from Tennessee. First of all, I have such admiration for him and for his advocacy for Ten-nessee, the skilled legislator that he is. He has been an advocate for his State and for the United States of America. He is an outstanding chair of the Sub-committee on Energy and Water Devel-opment. I know he and my colleague, the ranking member, Senator F
EIN-
STEIN , have worked very well together. 
I don’t dispute many of the things 
the Senator said in terms of what im-pact this would have on the economy. Certainly, if one is the Senator from Maryland, the Corps of Engineers is part of our economy, particularly be-cause of the role it plays in helping to keep our waterways open and able for the Port of Baltimore to be viable and accept the new Panama Canal ship-ments. We could go through item after item. 
We need a bipartisan budget agree-
ment. While the Senator says he wants to have his say, which I appreciate, we have been trying to get budget negotia-tions going since May. In the com-mittee I voted to move this bill for-ward because I wanted to move the process forward. I was hoping that the leadership of both bodies would move to a new top line 302(b) allocation and lift the caps. We need leadership on both sides of the aisle and on both sides of the dome. We wanted that five months ago, yet here we are for yet an-other parliamentary maneuver that just pits well intentioned, hard-work-ing people against each other over process. We need a new top line so we can have a better bottom line for our national security and our economic se-curity. 
I am deeply worried that the trajec-
tory we are on is hollowing out our America, that we are hollowing out the much-needed infrastructure that we need, part of which comes from the Army Corps of Engineers, which in-cludes our waterways. 
Look at the whole issue of dam safe-
ty. Our colleagues in South Carolina now are worried about the rivers. The Corps of Engineers is working 36-hour days with Governor Haley to really try 
to help South Carolina. But we need in-vestments in our infrastructure, not only for crisis response. And by the way, of course we are going to stand with the people of South Carolina to help them. We need to be able to cancel sequester, and we need to be able to do it for defense and for nondefense. 
In the Energy and Water bill that is 
before us, the increases are in the de-fense side. Some of the national secu-rity issues have been outlined by the Senator from Tennessee. But in the area of nondefense, it has just gone up a couple of hundred million dollars— excuse me, $8 million. The bill is short on infrastructure and it is short on re-search funding. 
Now, I believe we should have a sen-
sible approach to spending. I know that we agree with the budget caps, but these budget caps are placing a cap on our national security. They are placing a cap also on our compelling infra-structure needs that every State is cry-ing out for. The Senator from Ten-nessee knows the requests have come his way, along with Senator F
EINSTEIN . 
We are also capping innovation. We 
need to be able to have more break-throughs, whether it is in life science— we had a wonderful hearing yesterday that we both attended regarding the breakthroughs at NIH, but we need breakthroughs in energy. 
We need to maintain our Strategic 
Petroleum Reserve. We need the Corps of Engineers to have the resources it needs for flood control, waterways, and harbors. My port depends upon it. 
We also need adequate funding for 
the cleanup of uranium enrichment plants such as in Portsmouth, OH, where 500 workers will lose their jobs. 
We need to stop talking and engaging 
in parliamentary dueling. 
My hope is to encourage our leader-
ship to come up with a new budget deal that lifts the caps so that the Senate appropriations committees can get on with their job. 
I have worked now with our col-
league, the full committee chairman, Senator C
OCHRAN . The Senator from 
Mississippi, a gentleman of the old school, has done a good, solid job run-ning the committee. As to the chair-man that we have worked with, we feel we have good relations. But it is not how well we get along; it is how much we get done. And the way to get it done this year is to be able to lift the budget caps, come up with a sensible agree-ment with appropriate offices, and then let’s let the appropriators do our job. 
I wish to say to my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle, we do look for-ward to working with you, but when all is said and done, we want to get more done than we get said. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
we yield back any remaining time on our side. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, we 
yield back our remaining time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.031 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7244 October 8, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is yielded back. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays 
before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 96, H.R. 2028, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Mike 
Crapo, Richard C. Shelby, Richard Burr, Daniel Coats, Ben Sasse, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, Steve Daines, Chuck Grassley, Susan M. Collins, Thad Cochran, James Lankford, Lamar Alexander, John Hoeven, Roy Blunt. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 2028, a bill making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and 
the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
SASSE). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 49, 
nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 278 Leg.] 
YEAS—49 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin 
Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Isakson Kaine 
King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen 
Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Graham 
Reid Rubio 
Scott 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 49, the nays are 47. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF MARIO CORDERO 
TO BE A FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSIONER 
NOMINATION OF SARAH ELIZA-
BETH MENDELSON TO BE REP-RESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA ON THE ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL COUNCIL OF THE UNITED NATIONS, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR 
NOMINATION OF SARAH ELIZA-
BETH MENDELSON TO BE AN AL-TERNATE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMER-ICA TO THE SESSIONS OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS 
NOMINATION OF W. THOMAS 
REEDER, JR., TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION 
NOMINATION OF LUCY TAMLYN TO 
BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF BENIN 
NOMINATION OF JEFFREY J. HAW-
KINS, JR., TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC 
NOMINATION OF DAVID R. 
GILMOUR TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-
POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE TOGOLESE REPUBLIC NOMINATION OF EDWIN RICHARD 
NOLAN, JR., TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF SURINAME 
NOMINATION OF CAROLYN PATRI-
CIA ALSUP TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF THE GAMBIA 
NOMINATION OF DANIEL H. RUBIN-
STEIN TO BE AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF TUNISIA 
NOMINATION OF SUSAN COPPEDGE 
AMATO TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE TO MONITOR AND COM-BAT TRAFFICKING, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR AT LARGE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider en bloc the following nominations, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nominations of Mario Cordero, of California, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner for the term expiring June 30, 2019; Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, of the District of Columbia, to be Representative of the United States of America on the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador; Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, of the District of Columbia, to be an Alternate Rep-resentative of the United States of 
America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America on the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations; W. Thomas Reeder, Jr., of Virginia, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation; Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Benin; Jef-frey J. Hawkins, Jr., of California, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Central African Repub-lic; David R. Gilmour, of Texas, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Togolese Republic; Edwin Richard Nolan, Jr., of Massachu-setts, a Career Member of the Senior 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.032 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7245 October 8, 2015 
Foreign Service, Class of Minister- 
Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Repub-lic of Suriname; Carolyn Patricia Alsup, of Florida, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Repub-lic of The Gambia; Daniel H. Rubin-stein, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Tunisia; and Susan Coppedge Amato, of Georgia, to be Di-rector of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, with the rank of Ambassador at Large. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the nominations en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nominations of Mario Cordero, of Cali-
fornia, to be a Federal Maritime Com-missioner for the term expiring June 30, 2019; Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, of the District of Columbia, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America on the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador; Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, of the District of Columbia, to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America on the Eco-nomic and Social Council of the United Nations; W. Thomas Reeder, Jr., of Vir-ginia, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation; Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, a Career Mem-ber of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Benin; Jef-frey J. Hawkins, Jr., of California, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Central African Repub-lic; David R. Gilmour, of Texas, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Togolese Republic; Edwin Richard Nolan, Jr., of Massachu-setts, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister- Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Repub-lic of Suriname; Carolyn Patricia Alsup, of Florida, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Repub-lic of The Gambia; Daniel H. Rubin-stein, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Tunisia; and Susan Coppedge Amato, of Georgia, to be Di-rector of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, with the rank of Ambassador at Large? 
The nominations were confirmed en 
bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-
MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016—MO-TION TO PROCEED—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND  
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Senator W
YDEN and Senator M URRAY be added 
as cosponsors to S. 2165, a bill intro-duced earlier today to permanently au-thorize the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 2165 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. 2165, which is a permanent extension of the Land and Water Conservation Fund; that the bill be read three times and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, re-
serving the right to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, this 
Land and Water Conservation Fund has been around for 40 years. It has $20 bil-lion built up in reserve. The authoriza-tion, as it is expired at this point, only changes the amount of money coming into it. 
We are still doing the same projects. 
Literally, this fund has 65 years worth of reserve built into it. 
What we are trying to find is some 
way to be able to help protect the lands that we already have. We are adding more lands. We are not doing mainte-nance on the lands. We have an $11 bil-lion maintenance backlog just in our national parks. 
So I do have a concern that we are 
continuing to add more lands, and we are not taking care of what we have. There is not an immediate emergency need for this because the fund con-tinues to operate. We are just not add-ing new dollars into it in the days ahead. 
But, again, we have about 65 years of 
reserve currently in it. So we are not in a hurry. We do want to be able to get 
this right, though, on how we actually maintain our lands as well as actually do purchasing or State entities do— whatever it may be—so I do object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, if I 
could continue, because I am very dis-appointed that these objections are now proceeding. Just to be clear, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has been around for 51 years, and this is the first time in the history of the Land and Water Conservation Fund that it has expired. So I hope that sportsmen, I hope that fishermen, I hope that ev-erybody who loves the outdoors and participates in the outdoor economy will call their Senators and make sure they understand that these are impor-tant bills to pass. 
We don’t want to become the holdup 
Senate where you cannot get the Ex-port-Import Bank finally past the fin-ish line, where you cannot get the Land and Water Conservation Fund— things that have worked for decades and decades, that are bipartisan, and that the majority of Members on both sides support—and it is about making sure they can get a vote. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund has supported more than 6 mil-lion jobs nationwide as part of outdoor recreation, and it is credited with over $900 million from, basically, Outer Con-tinental Shelf drilling. So those gas re-ceipts paid for this open space that then generates more to our economy by having outdoor recreation opportu-nities. 
So every State, I am sure, will hear 
from cities, from counties, from orga-nizations, and sportsmen who will say: Let’s get this bipartisan legislation passed; let’s continue our efforts as a conservation country to invest in the things that will help grow our outdoor economy. 
I hope my colleague from the other 
side of the aisle will stop coming to the floor and objecting to this. I know there are Members on both sides of the aisle who have tried to get this passed. I hope that when we return in a week, we will find a path forward to say that this is a priority, that after 51 years of this legislation, we haven’t lost our mind as it relates to how important outdoor recreation economies are to our country. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
TRAGEDY AT UMPQUA COMMUNITY COLLEGE  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I am 
on the floor of the Senate with my col-league from Oregon, Senator W
YDEN , to 
share a few thoughts about the tragedy that has occurred in our home State. 
One week ago today, a madman 
turned a quiet fall day in Roseburg, OR, into a day of horror and terror. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.045 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7246 October 8, 2015 
What occurred on the grounds of Ump-
qua Community College is an unspeak-able, senseless innocent tragedy—nine innocent lives cut short. 
Lucero Alcaraz was just 19 years old. 
She graduated from Roseburg High School this past year. She had received scholarships that would cover her en-tire college costs, and she had hopes of becoming a pediatric nurse working with children. 
Quinn Cooper, 18 years old, also just 
graduated from Roseburg High School. Quinn loved dancing and voice acting. He was just on the verge of taking his brown belt test in martial arts. 
Lucas Eibel, 18 years old, was a third 
graduate of Roseburg High School. He was studying chemistry. When he wasn’t in school, he played soccer and volunteered at Wildlife Safari animal park and a local animal shelter. 
Treven Anspach was 20 years old. He 
was a talented athlete, and he worked with the Douglas County Fire District when he wasn’t in class. His parents re-ferred to him as the ‘‘perfect son.’’ 
Kim Dietz loved the outdoors, her 18- 
year-old daughter, her two Great Pyr-enees dogs, and she worked as a care-taker at the Pyrenees Vineyard. 
Jason Johnson was 33 years old. 
Jason recently turned his life around. After completing a 6-month drug rehab program with the Salvation Army, he decided to continue his education. As his mother said, he had ‘‘finally found his path.’’ 
Sarena Moore. Sarena was in her 
third semester at Umpqua Community College, studying business. She was an active member of the Grants Pass Sev-enth-day Adventist Church and the proud mother of two adult sons. 
Lawrence Levine was the professor 
teaching the writing class that was as-saulted by the gunman. He loved the blues. He loved fly fishing. Writing was his passion. 
Rebecka Carnes. Rebecka graduated 
just last year from South Umpqua High School. In this picture she is holding a graduation cap, and the graduation cap says ‘‘the adventure begins.’’ She was full of zest for the life to come. 
These were nine upstanding citizens 
of the community, nine promising lives cut short. Yet even in tragedy we saw in Roseburg examples of resilience and heroism. The law enforcement officers, the first responders proceeded to act quickly and to act competently. 
There were students like Chris Mintz, 
who was shot five to seven times seek-ing to stop the gunman. The sheriff, the county commissioners, the mayor, the city manager all made decisions in a flash to respond and to address the unfolding crisis, and they did an in-credible job, but there is no job that can repair the damage done, the tear in the fabric of the community or the bro-ken hearts of the families and the com-munity and all Oregonians. This mass shooting will be seared into our memo-ries. 
The name Roseburg will be added to 
a list that includes Charleston, New-town, Aurora, Oak Creek, Virginia 
Tech, and Columbine. This is a list of communities and schools that no com-munity or school ever wants to be on. 
I was born in Douglas County, in the 
town of Myrtle Creek. I spent my early childhood there and then in Roseburg. That area is an incredibly beautiful place. It is home to one of the most beautiful rivers in the world, the Ump-qua River, and a town that is just the right size, where everyone knows each other and everyone helps each other. I am shocked when I think of the com-munity, that this could happen there. 
If this can happen in Roseburg, it can 
happen anywhere in our country. That is something that becomes evident day after day, week after week. In the course of 2015, there have been 45 shootings in our schools across the country, 18 mass murders, or roughly 1 every 2 weeks. So we grieve the lives lost at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg, and we grieve the lives lost in assaults across the country. We will search our souls to ask ourselves how we might diminish the odds of this oc-curring in another community, and that conversation will take place here in this Chamber in the weeks ahead. 
I want to close with recognizing that 
if we can diminish the opportunity of a disturbed individual to get hold of a gun and we can increase the oppor-tunity for them to get help, there will be fewer tragedies like this. 
With that, I turn the floor over to my 
colleague, Senator W
YDEN . 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I want to 
thank my colleague, Senator M ERKLEY , 
a son of Douglas County, and reflect for a few minutes on the horrendous events of the last week. My colleague has eloquently talked about this, and I am grateful for that. 
Senator M
ERKLEY and I will be re-
turning home tomorrow, but I want to talk a little bit about some of what was inspiring last Friday. My colleague and I and our colleague from the House, Congressman D
EFAZIO, went to 
Mercy Medical Center, and we saw all of the staff. My own sense is that there is no way you can truly prepare for something like this. You can go through as many training programs, have as many drills, have as many handbooks as anybody can invent, but you are never truly prepared for it. When Senator M
ERKLEY and I and a 
colleague from the other body, Con-gressman D
EFAZIO, walked into that 
mayhem, there were probably 150 staff there, and I said: This is the face of Douglas County. These are the people— the doctors and the nurses and the pharmacists and the volunteers—who were there in a time of extraordinary stress giving those individuals the very best of care and that little extra touch of Douglas County caring that my col-league knows much more about than anyone else here in the Senate. 
I so appreciated what we saw at 
Mercy Medical Center because it told me that even at a time of such pain and after such carnage, we know Doug-las County is going to come back. 
Roseburg is going to come back. The reason we know that is because of what we saw there at Mercy Medical Cen-ter—all of those committed, wonderful advocates who, against all odds, came through. 
There is one other part of Douglas 
County I want to reflect on because it says so much about the community. My colleague and I have townhall meetings around the State. We have both been in Douglas County. I was at a townhall meeting at UCC just a cou-ple of months ago. As I was driving in, all of the log trucks were parked out front because it is a community that cares a great deal about sensible nat-ural resources policy. We had a spirited town meeting, as most of the town meetings in Douglas County are, be-cause people have strong views, but on that day I saw much of what I saw at the Mercy Medical Center when my colleague and I visited—people who care about their friends and neighbors, who care about a whole host of issues, from the economy to charity to what the Congress is doing, that might actu-ally be relevant to them. 
I bring this up by way of saying I am 
so grateful my colleague made the presentation he did so that we under-stand what a huge loss this has been, but I also wanted to touch on what I saw with my friend at Mercy Medical Center and what I saw at the Umpqua Community College townhall meeting just a couple of months ago. Because at a time of great loss, we can also be in-spired by what we saw at that medical center and the friends and neighbors of goodwill coming together to deal with some of the biggest challenges the community and our country face. 
I look forward to going home with 
my colleague tomorrow, to once again talk about the challenges that are ahead after Roseburg. We talked a lit-tle bit about that on the steps, but I mostly want to say that what we saw last Friday in the middle of tragedy and great stress ought to send the mes-sage to all concerned that Douglas County is going to be back. Douglas County is a special place, and as hor-rendous as these losses were, those are people who embody the best of our State and the best of our country. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleague and, with his leadership, pro-viding whatever solace we can in the short term and then moving on to tackle the community’s bigger issues in the days ahead. 
I thank my colleague, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Mr. KING. Mr. President, on Sep-
tember 11, 2001, 3,000 people were bru-tally killed in this country. The re-sponse of our Nation was over-whelming. We changed our laws, we in-creased our intelligence community’s capacity dramatically, we fought two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.046 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7247 October 8, 2015 
wars, and we imposed vigorous inspec-
tion regimes at airports and in connec-tion with transportation. We made huge changes in order to see that such a thing did not happen again. Why? Be-cause we love each other. We are a compassionate people, and when Amer-ican lives are threatened, we react. In that case, we reacted in an over-whelming way. 
In 2014, we lost one American to a po-
tential Ebola epidemic. One life was lost. Even though it was only one life, millions of dollars were spent across the country, and our entire health sys-tem was mobilized, again, because we love each other and we want to protect each other. 
Over the last 10 years we have had 
disasters in this country that have af-fected our neighbors, most recently in South Carolina. Of course, the two great disasters of the last decade are Katrina and Sandy. Again, we re-sponded. In money, $100 billion was al-located for relief from those two storms. Why? Because we love each other and we take care of each other. 
When we see a problem in this coun-
try, particularly a problem that threatens fellow Americans, we act. We do something. When there is a risk to our colleagues and our friends and our families, we address it. Yet we have one epidemic in this country, one dis-aster that we are deliberately ignoring. It is an epidemic which takes over 30,000 lives a year, 30,000 American lives a year, and that is gun-related vi-olence. The breakdown on that 30,000 figure is over 10,000 homicides com-mitted with guns and 20,000 suicides committed with guns. 
Maine is a gun-owning State. Of any 
State, I think my State has the second or third highest percentage of gun own-ers in the country. Yet we have one of the lowest levels of gun violence. Why is that? I think it is because of our deep tradition of respect and care for firearms and the idea that is passed down from generation to generation that firearms are to be treated respon-sibly and with respect and with an un-derstanding of their destructive capac-ity. 
Thinking about this issue has made 
me reflect upon what is the proper re-sponse from what level of government. I do not think all problems in this country need to be solved by the Fed-eral Government. I think this is one of them. I think there is an important role to be played by States and local-ities because they can adjust their rules and laws according to the needs in their States. The needs, responsi-bility, and the importance of this issue in Maine may be different than it is in New Mexico or Texas or Illinois or New York. Therefore, under the genius of our system, the principle responsibility should rest at the State and local level. However, I do think there are min-imum standards the Federal Govern-ment can impose that will enable the States then to work within those standards to meet the requirements that they see are most important for 
their citizens. This is a true role of fed-eralism. 
In our Federal Constitution we have 
the Second Amendment, and I respect and support it. It is a basic part of our governing document, but the Second Amendment, to me, not only imparts rights but responsibilities. Guns are dangerous instrumentalities. Anybody who has ever used one knows that, and there are responsibilities which come with the right to keep and bear arms. 
Justice Scalia in the Heller deci-
sion—where the Court struck down the District of Columbia’s total ban essen-tially on handguns, saying it over-reached and violated the Second Amendment—was very clear and ex-plicit where he said: The Second Amendment, like all other amend-ments in the Constitution, has limits. Interestingly, specifically he men-tioned in that opinion—and nobody ever accused Justice Scalia of being a liberal. Justice Scalia pointed out: Of course you can limit the ability of fel-ons and the dangerously mentally ill to obtain handguns. The government can limit it. And also, the government can reasonably place limits on the com-mercial transaction, the sale and pur-chase of guns. 
We are here today because of one 
more in a depressingly familiar series of mass shooting incidents: Columbine, Newtown, and now Oregon. All over the country this is happening in a repet-itive way. It is important to use this occasion to reflect upon the dangers we are ignoring, the epidemic we are ig-noring, but I think we also have to re-alize that mass shootings, as horren-dous as they are, are not the bulk of the crimes committed with guns and the deaths dealt by guns in this coun-try; that those are everyday criminals, abusive spouses, and, sadly, people tak-ing their own lives. Don’t forget that those 30,000 deaths a year of our fellow citizens are not all in mass shooting situations, but they involve many other circumstances. 
So what is the solution? A friend of 
mine in Maine coined the term, which I think aptly applies—in fact, it prob-ably applies in this case more than any other: There is no silver bullet. There may, however, be silver ‘‘buckshot’’—a multiplicity of solutions, no single so-lution. Nothing we do today in the way of background checks or anything else is going to solve this problem entirely. We must recognize that. So we must move in a comprehensive way—not only on the Federal level but on the State level as well—not to compromise the Second Amendment, not to take guns out of the hands of law-abiding citizens, not to make it inherently more difficult for law-abiding citizens to maintain them but to put into place commonsense solutions to deal with this epidemic of gun violence. 
The first, of course—and I commend 
my colleague from Maine for empha-sizing this today; that is, we have to deal with the failures of our mental health system. In all of these mass 
shooting incidents, it appears that the perpetrators had some significant men-tal health issues. We have to deal with that. We have to have a better system that finds people in advance, before they act out their violent fantasies. We have to try to intervene and help those people before violence occurs. 
So mental health has to be a part of 
this, but it is not the whole answer be-cause people with those kinds of pro-
clivities, whether they are violence- prone felons or people with dangerous mental health issues, we simply have to keep guns out of their hands. 
That brings us to the second com-
monsense solution, which is back-ground checks, which we already have. We have had them for 15 or 20 years. Some people say: Well, we are worried about background checks because it will lead to a Federal registry, and they will know who has the guns and then they will come and get them. We have had the background checks for a number of years. That hasn’t happened. In the Manchin-Toomey bill that we voted on a few years ago, it was a fel-ony for any Federal official to create a registry that would be available to the government. 
The simple, basic, commonsense idea 
of a background check is to see wheth-er someone is a convicted felon or has demonstrated a dangerous mental ill-ness that should disqualify them from having a firearm. That is common sense. That has been supported—is sup-ported—by a majority of gun owners and by the vast majority of the Amer-ican people. It was even supported by some of the national gun organizations as recently as 10 or 15 years ago but no longer, for reasons I don’t understand. 
Another part of the package I think 
will be introduced in the next week or so is to add convicted spousal abusers to the list—which, again, is common sense. I mentioned in Maine we have a very low level of gun violence, but much of it involves spouse upon spouse. If we have a case where someone has been convicted of spousal abuse, to me, again it is common sense that they should not be able to obtain a gun. 
Finally, if we are going to have a sys-
tem of background checks that is na-tionwide—that, by the way, should be efficient—in this day and age, there is no reason it has to take any kind of long period to check, but if we have such a system, then it doesn’t make sense to turn a blind eye to trafficking and straw purchases, which are essen-tially designed to get guns into the hands of people who otherwise couldn’t buy them. 
That is a modest package. To the ex-
press language of Justice Scalia, it doesn’t violate the Second Amend-ment, and it will not solve the whole problem. Nothing is going to solve the whole problem. We are a human soci-ety, and humans, sadly, are often prone to violence, but it can make a dif-ference. It can make a difference. Re-member, we are talking about 30,000 people a year—30,000 people a year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.048 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7248 October 8, 2015 
The American people send us to ad-
dress issues, to address problems. On September 11, Congress acted. After Sandy and Katrina, Congress acted. During the Ebola crisis, Congress and the American health system acted. Why? Because we love each other and we value each other. It seems to me this is exactly the same case. We look out across the country, and one of the problems with this issue is it is slow motion and small. Every now and then we have one of these incidents, like we did last week, where a significant num-ber of people are killed in 1 day, but the truth is, 10,000 people a year are murdered in the United States—10,000 people a year—not necessarily in a mass shooting. But 30,000 people a year altogether, if we include suicides, is a small American town disappearing every year. If all of these deaths oc-curred in one town or in Iowa or Illi-nois or Chicago or California, we would be on this. We would find the cause. We would be at least trying to prevent it, but because it happens in slow motion in small ways across the country, in small towns and large cities, we are ig-noring it. 
The incident in Oregon gives us an 
occasion to remind us once again of how serious this is and that we have an opportunity to do something about it, not by overreaching, not by violating the Second Amendment, not by im-pinging on the rights of law-abiding gun owners—of whom we have many in Maine—but simply by the common-sense imposition of a nationwide sys-tem to be sure that people who are fel-ons or dangerously mentally ill can’t get guns. I don’t understand how any-body can object to that goal because I care about my fellow Americans, I love my fellow Americans, and I want to protect them from harm. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
HEALTH CARE EXCISE TAX  
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I rise 
today to share my concerns with the devastating impact of the Cadillac tax, enacted as part of the Affordable Care Act. The Cadillac tax is a 40-percent excise tax set to take effect in 2018 on employer-sponsored health care plans around the country. This is precisely why I have authored the only bipar-tisan piece of legislation that would fully repeal this onerous tax. The rea-son I did so is that in Nevada, 1.3 mil-lion workers who have employer-spon-sored health insurance plans will be hit by this Cadillac tax. These are public employees in Carson City. They are service industry workers on the Strip in Las Vegas, small business owners, and retirees all across the State. Hard-
ly anyone in Nevada will be shielded from the devastating effects of this Cadillac tax. 
What I am most proud of on this 
piece of legislation is the fact that we have 14 other cosponsors here in the Senate. It is also sponsored and sup-ported by 75 other organizations across the country. Some of those organiza-tions include unions, chambers of com-merce, small business owners, State and local government employees, and retirees, and they are all saying the same thing: The Cadillac tax needs to be fully repealed or our employees will experience massive changes to their health care. 
We are talking about reduced bene-
fits. We are talking about increased premiums. We are talking about higher deductibles. Over 33 million Americans who use flexible spending accounts, FSAs, and 13.5 million Americans who use health savings accounts, HSAs, may see these accounts vanish in the coming years as companies scramble to avoid the law’s 40-percent excise tax. HSAs and FSAs are used for things such as hospital and maternity serv-ices. They are used for dental care, physical therapy, and they are also used for mental health services—some-thing we badly need today. Access to these lifesaving services could all be gone for tens of millions of Americans if the Cadillac tax is not fully repealed. 
I have heard from employers—from 
big business, to unions, to small busi-nesses from all over Nevada—who are saying that they will inevitably have to eliminate services their workers currently enjoy. They will have to cut certain health care providers out of their networks. 
This goes to the heart of the broken 
promises of ObamaCare; that is, if you like your health care, you can keep it; if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. 
Earlier this week, I held a telephone 
townhall meeting with thousands of Nevadans from all walks of life. During the meeting, I asked the participants on the call ‘‘Should the Cadillac tax be repealed?’’ One of the best parts about these tele-townhall meetings is that you can do these surveys. We do this weekly. The question this week was ‘‘Should the Cadillac tax be repealed?’’ Almost 70 percent of them said ‘‘Yes, the Cadillac tax should be fully re-pealed.’’ Let me repeat that. Almost 70 percent of Nevadans supported the re-pealing of the Cadillac tax. They see this as a burdensome and costly tax that will hurt hard-working Nevadans, hard-working Americans. 
The onerous tax targets Americans 
who already have high-quality health care. No one claims that our health care system ever was or is perfect. The goal of health reform should be to help those who do not have health care cov-erage and lower costs for those who al-ready have insurance. This tax does not achieve either one of these goals. 
It is very rare these days to see this 
much agreement in Washington. Orga-nized labor, the chamber of commerce, 
local and State governments, and small businesses have all come together with a bipartisan group of Senators putting forth a solution to fix a problem affect-ing so many hard-working Americans and their families. 
Some Members on both sides of the 
aisle have tried to make this a partisan issue for different reasons, but this is not a partisan issue, which is evident by the fact that the companion legisla-tion to my bill in the House enjoys more Democratic cosponsors than Re-publicans. 
Fully repealing the Cadillac tax is an 
opportunity for Republicans and Demo-crats to join forces and work together to repeal a bad tax for one purpose; that is, to help 151 million workers keep the health care insurance that they like. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, for 20 
years one of the biggest billboards in America was next to Fenway Park, fac-ing the Massachusetts Turnpike. It had a giant number counter on it. 
When I was running for the Senate in 
2012, I would drive past that billboard sometimes three or four times a day. Each time, I would look up at the counter to see how it had changed since the last trip—up 2, up 6, up 12. The billboard was from Stop Handgun Violence, and it showed the number of children killed by guns in the United States. 
When the tragedy happened at Sandy 
Hook Elementary School, my first thought was of the 20 little children who would be added to the count on that billboard. I thought about how we, the grownups, had failed to keep safe the thousands of children counted there. 
There are mass shootings, everyday 
shootings, drive-by shootings, random shootings, sometimes with big head-lines and mostly with no headlines at all. 
The facts are simple: Eighty-eight 
Americans die every day from gun vio-lence. Seven of those people are chil-dren or teens. That is seven a day, every day, young bodies piling up by the thousands year after year. What has happened to us? If seven children were dying every day from a mys-terious virus, our country would pull out all the stops to figure out what had gone wrong and to fix it. 
Gun violence is an epidemic—an epi-
demic that kills children, kills them in schools, on playgrounds, and in our neighborhoods. But day after day, month after month, tragedy after trag-edy, the Congress has done nothing— nothing. Republicans in the Senate have blocked even the smallest steps to protect our communities and keep our children safe. 
This must stop now. Today, Senate 
Democrats are calling on Republicans to join us in supporting three measures 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.050 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7249 October 8, 2015 
to reduce gun violence. First, end the 
gun show loophole. Everyone gets a background check. Second, end straw purchases. The one who gets checked has to be the true owner. Third, close holes in the background check data-base and stop domestic abusers from purchasing guns, period. 
Look, let’s be frank. These three 
steps will not be enough to stop all handgun violence in our communities, but these are meaningful steps in the right direction—steps that huge ma-jorities of Americans support, steps that are calm and sensible. These three steps are a test—a test for every single Member of Congress. These three steps put the question to everyone in Con-gress: Whom do you work for? Do you represent the people who have lost children or sisters or cousins to gun vi-olence and who have stood at gravesides and sworn that we will make change? Do you represent the people who don’t want their loved ones to be the next victims? Do you rep-resent the people who want some sen-sible rules about gun safety? Or do you represent the NRA? It is time to make a choice right here in Congress—the American people or the NRA. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
withdraw the motion to proceed to H.R. 2028. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is withdrawn. 
f 
STOP SANCTUARY POLICIES AND 
PROTECT AMERICANS ACT—MO-TION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to Calendar No. 252, S. 2146. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 252, S. 
2146, a bill to hold sanctuary jurisdictions accountable for defying Federal law, to in-crease penalties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being re-moved, and to provide liability protection for State and local law enforcement who co-operate with Federal law enforcement and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 252, S. 2146, a bill to hold sanctuary jurisdictions ac-countable for defying Federal law, to in-crease penalties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being re-moved, and to provide liability protection for State and local law enforcement who co-operate with Federal law enforcement and 
for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, David Vitter, John 
Barrasso, Dan Sullivan, David Perdue, Bill Cassidy, Ron Johnson, Steve Daines, James Lankford, James E. Risch, John Boozman, Mike Lee, Rich-ard C. Shelby, John Cornyn, Jeff Ses-sions, Johnny Isakson, Patrick J. Toomey. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived and that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture vote occur at 2:15 p.m., on Tuesday, October 20. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
Senators will soon travel to their home States for the State work period. I ask colleagues to consider some important questions as they meet with constitu-ents and take time to reflect. 
In a time of limited Federal re-
sources and tough choices, is it fair to treat localities that cooperate with Federal law enforcement or work hard to follow Federal law no better than lo-calities that refuse to help or actively flout the law? When a deputy sheriff puts her life on the line every day, is it fair to make her live in constant fear of being sued for simply trying to keep us safe? When felons enter our country illegally and repeatedly, is it fair to victims and families to not do what we can now to stop them? The answer to all of these questions is no. No, it isn’t fair—not to citizens and governments that do the right thing, not to law en-forcement officers who risk everything for our safety, not to victims and their families. 
The proponents of so-called ‘‘sanc-
tuary cities’’ seem to callously dis-regard how their policies can hurt other people. That is not right. The bill I just filed cloture on this afternoon aims to ensure more fairness on this issue. 
The ideas underpinning the Stop 
Sanctuary Policies and Protect Ameri-cans Act are supported by a great many Americans. The bill is supported by many law enforcement organiza-tions as well. They have had some real-ly positive things to say about it, such as this letter: 
Thank you for introducing the Stop Sanc-
tuary Policies and Protect Americans Act which will empower Federal and local law enforcement officers’ cooperative efforts to better protect our communities and our citi-zens. Your proposal will ensure we do not dishonor the memory of Kate Steinle and the immeasurable grief her family is enduring. 
The letter went on: Ms. Steinle was killed in San Francisco by 
an illegal immigrant who had previously been deported from the United States five times, and had been convicted of seven felo-nies. The shooter chose to live in San Fran-cisco because he knew it was a sanctuary city that would shield him from Federal im-migration law. Tragically, his ‘‘sanctuary’’ gambit proved fatal for the Steinle family. Federal officials requested that San Fran-cisco detain the shooter until immigration authorities could pick him up, but San Fran-cisco officials refused to cooperate and re-leased Sanchez three months before Kate’s murder. We owe it to Kate and the American citizenry to fix this community safety issue now. 
That is what the Federal Law En-
forcement Officers Association had to say about the bill that we will be vot-ing on when we get back. Groups like the National Sheriffs’ Association and the National Association of Police Or-
ganizations have sent letters in sup-port as well. 
I thank the sponsors of this legisla-
tion for all their hard work on this bill. I hope Senators will reflect on the questions I have raised over the State work period. The Senate will consider this bill when we reconvene. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
60TH ANNIVERSARY OF CRISPUS ATTUCKS  
CHAMPIONSHIP  
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, ear-
lier this year I was incredibly fortu-nate to be part of the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday, a moving and mean-ingful experience in Selma, AL. Fifty years ago, during the marches from Selma to Montgomery, civil rights leaders and everyday citizens of this country put their lives at risk in a pas-sionate, nonviolent demonstration for a more equal and more just society. The passion and courage for equality reflected in the historic marches in Selma were the culmination of decades of struggle shown by men and women across this country. 
In my home State of Indiana, a place 
that takes great pride in high school basketball, it is fitting that 60 years ago the civil rights movement played out on the hardwood of Indiana basket-ball courts. On March 19, 1955, at the Butler Fieldhouse, the Flying Tigers of Crispus Attucks High School became not only the first all-African-American high school team to win a State cham-pionship in Indiana but the first all-Af-rican-American high school athletic team to win a State championship in the United States. Led by future NBA Hall of Famer—and maybe the best basketball player of all time—Oscar Robertson, the Flying Tigers finished their 1955 season with a 30-and-1 record, capped with a 97-to-74 victory over Gary Roosevelt High School in the State final. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.052 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7250 October 8, 2015 
Before Crispus Attucks’ historic 1955 
season, no Indianapolis basketball team had won a State championship in the tournament’s 45-year history. Attucks’ win was a source of pride, par-ticularly for the African-American community. 
Crispus Attucks High School was 
founded in 1927 as a segregated high school for Black students. The Indiana High School Athletic Association ini-tially refused to grant Crispus Attucks membership, and the school could not play in the State tournament until 1942. Even then, many of the all-White schools refused to play Crispus Attucks. The Crispus Attucks team would often have to travel dozens or even hundreds of miles to find teams willing to play against them. Because the school’s gym was built too small for home games, every game was an away game for the Flying Tigers. 
Despite the segregation and racism, 
Crispus Attucks thrived. African- American educators could not teach in White schools, so Crispus Attucks at-tracted an elite African-American com-munity. Nearly every teacher had ei-ther a doctorate or master’s degree. Teachers at Crispus Attucks included former Tuskegee Airmen and members of the Golden 13, the first African- American U.S. Naval officers. 
One of those teachers was Ray Crowe. 
A native of Johnson County, IN, Crowe became head coach of the basketball team in 1950. He instituted a new fast- paced style of offense and was a coach who cared deeply about his players. Crowe’s coaching style brought enor-mous success to the team. 
Soon, the same White schools that 
refused to play Crispus Attucks wanted to schedule games with them. Lacking a home court, the team would fre-quently play at Butler Fieldhouse on the campus of Butler University. The Flying Tigers packed the house, regu-larly attracting 10,000 fans or more to a high school basketball game. Still the team was not treated fairly. When traveling for games, the players were unable to stay at hotels or to eat in restaurants that only served White people. 
That wasn’t the only challenge the 
Flying Tigers confronted. They also had to contend with bias from the ref-erees. Coach Crowe used to tell the team they had to play against seven people every game—the five players and the two refs. Yet the Flying Tigers kept winning. In 1954, the team made it all the way to the State semifinals, even with several key players missing from injuries. The stage was set for the 1955 season, when a junior forward named Oscar Robertson was ready to lead the team. He had some of the most amazing teammates you could ever find. 
Coach Crowe and the Flying Tigers 
finished the regular season with one loss. They breezed through the first four games of the tournament, winning by an average of 28 points per game. Then they faced Muncie Central, an-other powerhouse basketball program, 
and the Flying Tigers won by a single point—but all you need to win by is one point. Over 15,000 fans came to the Butler Fieldhouse to watch Crispus Attucks beat New Albany in the State semifinal and then again to witness history as Crispus Attucks defeated an-other all-African-American team, Gary Roosevelt, 97-to-74 to become State champs. 
The trailblazing players who made it 
possible included Johnny Mack Brown, Bill Brown, Willie Burnley, John Clemons, John Gipson, Bill Hampton, Willie Merriweather, Sam Milton, Sheddrick Mitchell, Stanford Patton, Oscar Robertson, and Bill Scott. 
It was a crowning achievement. The 
‘‘Big O’’ Oscar Robertson said: 
I remember that night. They called us In-
dianapolis Attucks, not Crispus Attucks. . . . To me, that sort of meant we arrived. They just wanted you to win; they didn’t care what color you were. 
There was a tradition in Indiana that 
after every State championship the winning team would climb onto a firetruck and then be taken around the city of Indianapolis for a victory pa-rade. The parade route always included a stop at Monument Circle for pictures and celebration, followed by a tour of downtown Indianapolis, but as the firetruck carrying the Flying Tigers approached Monument Circle, it didn’t stop, and it didn’t continue through downtown. Instead, the firetruck brought the players and fans to a park in the city’s African-American neigh-borhood. 
Crispus Attucks, the team that had 
just made American history, didn’t re-ceive the celebration they deserved simply because of the color of their skin. When Attucks repeated in 1956 and again won the State championship, the firetruck took the same detour. 
Change did not come overnight, but 
the Crispus Attucks basketball team inspired many schools to begin recruit-ing African-American players along with starting to end their long-held policies of segregation. Oscar Robert-son later said: 
By us winning, it sped up the integration. 
I truly believe that us winning the state championship brought Indianapolis together. 
In March, members of the Indianap-
olis-based Family Girls Youth Men-toring Program honored the seven liv-ing members of the 1955 championship team and the celebration included the traditional victory tour through the streets of Indianapolis, an honor that was denied to these players 60 years ago. 
At this year’s Indy 500, the 1955 
Crispus Attucks basketball team served as the grand marshals of the Indy 500 Festival Parade. For the first time in the parade’s history, there was a stop at Monument Circle, where the Flying Tigers got the celebration they had rightfully earned so long ago. 
Today I am proud to join my friend 
Congressman A
NDRE´CARSON in hon-
oring the legacy of the 1955 Crispus Attucks basketball team. As Indiana’s 
Senator, on behalf of Hoosiers, I want to recognize the Crispus Attucks team not only for their amazing accomplish-ments on the court but for the power-ful message they always sent through-out the State of Indiana and for the pride that is still present in Indianap-olis today for them and for all their ac-complishments and for all they mean to us. 
The members of the 1955 State cham-
pionship Crispus Attucks basketball team, their coaches, the teachers who taught them, the community that sup-ported them, and the families who loved them—they were an inspiration in 1955 to all of us, and they are an in-spiration today. God bless all of those young players, God bless Indiana, and God bless America. 
Mr. HATCH. Will the Senator yield? Mr. DONNELLY. Yes. Mr. HATCH. I graduated from high 
school in 1952. I was the captain of the high school basketball team. I followed this Crispus Attucks team. It was fan-tastic, almost every player. 
Mr. DONNELLY. Extraordinary peo-
ple. 
Mr. HATCH. They were extraor-
dinary, and they inspired all of us, es-pecially in the way they conducted themselves and carried through. What a bunch of great athletes they were. 
Mr. DONNELLY. To my colleague, 
the leader of the Senate, our President pro tempore, I am so honored for you to speak of our fine young men that way. Every citizen of Indiana is grate-ful. They were an extraordinary group. I met them when I was back home. As fine a people as they were when they were young, they are even more ex-traordinary citizens for our State and for our country. 
Mr. HATCH. Thank you. They were 
all winners, I will tell you that. 
Mr. DONNELLY. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Utah. 
DEFEND TRADE SECRETS ACT  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak about an important form of intellectual property: trade se-crets. I am pleased to be participating in this colloquy with my friend from Delaware, Senator C
HRIS COONS . 
Earlier this year, we introduced the 
Defend Trade Secrets Act, a bill that will create a harmonized Federal standard for protecting trade secrets. Trade secrets such as customer lists, formulas, and manufacturing processes are an essential form of intellectual property, yet trade secrets are the only form of U.S. intellectual property where misuse does not provide the owner with a Federal private right of action. Instead, trade secret owners must rely on State courts or Federal prosecutors to protect their rights. The multistate procedural and jurisdic-tional issues that arise from such cases are costly and complicated, and the De-partment of Justice lacks the resources to prosecute many trade secret cases. Those systemic issues put companies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.073 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7251 October 8, 2015 
at a great disadvantage since the vic-
tims of the trade secret theft need to recover information quickly before it crosses State lines and leaves the coun-try. 
At a time when cyber theft of trade 
secrets is at an alltime high, particu-larly as it involves Chinese competi-tors, it is critically important that U.S. companies have the ability to pro-tect their trade secrets in Federal court. Senator C
OONS , trade secret 
theft has hit some of the nation’s best known companies, including Delaware- based DuPont and its popular Kevlar synthetic fiber products. 
I would like to ask how trade secret 
theft has impacted DuPont. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I thank 
Senator H
ATCH for his leadership on 
this important issue. As the Senator from Utah has mentioned, trade secrets are the only form of intellectual prop-erty not protected from theft under Federal civil law, which is particularly striking when one considers the value of trade secrets to the economy. Ac-cording to some estimates, they are worth $5 trillion for the U.S. economy, on par with IP protected by patent. The scope of the loss due to theft or misappropriation is huge, somewhere between $160 and $480 billion annually. 
I submit that there is not a State in 
the country that has not been affected by this problem, and Delaware is no ex-ception. In the 1960s, DuPont—one of our signature manufacturing chem-istry-based companies—invented Kevlar, a para-aramid fiber with ex-traordinary strength that is also very lightweight. These properties make Kevlar versatile, but its best known use is in lifesaving body armor worn by our police officers and the brave men and women in the American Armed Forces. It has saved thousands of lives, including more than 3,000 police offi-cers here in the United States whose lives have been saved by Kevlar vests. 
About 10 years ago, DuPont devel-
oped the next generation of Kevlar, which is even lighter and better able to withstand penetrating trauma from a broader range of rifle rounds and IED- generated shrapnel. It represented a real breakthrough in safety, but it cost millions of dollars to develop. 
Chemically, para-aramid fibers are 
not that complicated, but the fabrica-tion method, the manufacturing tech-nique, which is what gives them their strength and flexibility, is actually in-credibly difficult to develop and imple-ment. So one day about 6 years ago, a rogue employee of DuPont took the know-how behind DuPont’s creation of next-generation Kevlar and began to work with a rival manufacturing com-pany in Korea, using DuPont trade se-crets. The potential loss to DuPont alone from this one instance of trade secret theft or misappropriation ap-proaches $1 billion. 
So I ask Senator H
ATCH , if you were 
a CEO and your employees were ripping off your trade secrets, your intellectual property, and taking it to another country at the cost of $1 billion a pop, 
would that affect your willingness to invest the resources in future R&D here in the United States that are needed to make similar lifesaving tech-nological breakthroughs? 
Mr. HATCH. Well, of course it would. 
I thank Senator C
OONS . He has asked 
what really is the critical question. If I were a CEO responsible to my share-holders, I could not, according to my fiduciary duties, make those invest-ments if rogue employees could just take off and render those investments worthless. 
Trade secret theft does not just af-
fect manufacturing. I read recently an interesting article in the New Republic titled ‘‘Corn Wars’’ that provides a de-tailed account of how China is stealing proprietary corn seeds from America’s farms. 
Most corn in China is used as a feed 
for livestock. That was not a problem until the country’s middle class ac-quired an appetite for meat. Given this new demand, China is trying des-perately to increase corn production amidst its water shortage and lack of arable land. 
That is where our country’s intellec-
tual property comes in. Rather than spend the time and resources to de-velop a hybrid corn seed of its own, China would rather steal, literally right out of the ground, America’s high-performing seeds. Experts from America’s top seed producers con-firmed that acquiring the technology behind a specially designed line of seed is equivalent to 5 to 8 years of research and at least $40 million. You better be-lieve the Chinese know the value of the seeds they steal and the numerous crimes they are committing while in our country. 
Let me read an excerpt from the New 
Republic article that details an en-counter a DuPont Pioneer field man-ager had with industrial spies from a Chinese agricultural company: 
It was early May 2011 and Mo [Hailong] and 
Wang Lei, vice chairman of Kings Nower Seed at the time, were driving roads in Tama County, Iowa, allegedly searching for a Du-Pont Pioneer test field. But apparently un-certain if he was in the right place or unsure of what kind of seed DuPont Pioneer was testing, Mo had Wang pull to the edge of the field, so they could question a farmer in the midst of spring planting. . . . How had these two men chanced upon his field on the very day he happened to be planting an experi-mental and top-secret seed under develop-ment by DuPont Pioneer? 
The next day, a DuPont Pioneer field man-
ager spotted the same car. He watched Mo scramble up a ditch bank, and then kneel down in the dirt and begin digging corn seeds out of the ground. When confronted by the field manager, Mo grew flustered and red- faced. . . . But before the field manager could question him further, Mo fled. 
There is no doubt that China and 
other foreign competitors are working furiously to steal American innovation not just from manufacturing and agri-culture but from all sectors of the economy, including high-tech, life sciences, aeronautics, financial serv-ices, and the energy sector. That is 
why Congress must act now to pass the bipartisan, bicameral Defend Trade Se-crets Act. 
I ask Senator C
OONS , what exactly 
does this bill that you and I are co-sponsoring do? 
Mr. COONS. I thank Senator H
ATCH  
for the opportunity to go into more de-tail about this terrific bipartisan, bi-cameral Defend Trade Secrets Act. It is actually relatively simple. It creates a Federal private right of action for mis-appropriation of trade secrets. It uses an existing Federal criminal law, the Economic Espionage Act, to define trade secrets. It draws heavily from the Uniform Trade Secrets Act which has been enacted by many States to define what is misappropriation. 
Simply put, our bill harmonizes U.S. 
law. Each State has a different trade secret law, and they vary in a range of different ways. Not all of these dif-ferences are major, but they affect in small but real ways the definition of a trade secret, what an owner must do to keep a trade secret a secret, what con-stitutes misappropriation, and what damages are available. 
So our Defend Trade Secrets Act cre-
ates a single, national baseline or a minimum level of protection and gives trade secret owners access to both a uniform national law and our excellent Federal courts, which provide nation-wide service of process and execution of judgments. It is important to note that this bill does not preempt State law because States are free to add fur-ther protections on top of what is in this bill. The proposed legislation does one more thing, and trade secret own-ers tell us this is a critical component of the law not available in States. It creates an ex parte seizure ability. Trade secrets are different from other forms of intellectual property because they are protected under the law only if they remain a secret. Once the public learns of a trade secret, even if it does so wrongfully, the trade secret loses its legal protection. So this bill provides a limited right of action for the owner of a trade secret to go to court ex parte and get it back before the misappropriator, the thief of the trade secret, has a chance to share it with a competitor or the world, thus exposing it. 
This is a commonsense idea to help 
address a very serious problem, but when talking about Federal private rights of action and ex parte injunctive relief, we had to be very careful to avoid any unintended consequences. So, Senator H
ATCH , would you address 
how you took concerns about unin-tended consequences into account as we worked together to draft this bill? 
Mr. HATCH. Sure. I want to thank 
Senator C
OONS for that helpful over-
view. As a Republican, I was initially cautious when he approached me about expanding Federal civil law to create a new private right of action for trade se-cret theft. After all, some have sug-gested that State law is sufficient, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.074 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7252 October 8, 2015 
after consulting with many in the busi-
ness community, I was convinced that creating a Federal trade secrets law is the right approach. 
Soon after its introduction, the Her-
itage Foundation confirmed the need for Federal legislation. Mr. Alden Ab-bott from the Heritage Foundation writes: 
The lack of a federal civil remedy for vic-
tims of trade secret theft precludes owners of trade secrets from vindicating their rights under certain circumstances. Enjoining and sanctioning trade secret thieves who cross state lines is often difficult. . . . [A] federal civil statutory remedy would make Federal tribunals instantly available to aggrieved businesses that seek injunctions, which is particularly important when time is of the essence due to flight risks. 
Another problem we faced was ensur-
ing that the ex parte seizure authority could not be used abusively or for anti-competitive purposes. 
When we began the drafting process 
last Congress, we started from scratch and asked for input from all interested stakeholders, especially in regard to the ex parte provision. We received many helpful suggestions and included them in the bill. That is correct, isn’t it, Senator C
OONS ? 
Mr. COONS. Yes, it is, I say to Sen-
ator H ATCH . After all that work to-
gether, all that consultation, when we introduced this bill last Congress, we wanted to make sure the ex parte pro-vision couldn’t be used for abuse, so we required that the party seeking ex parte review must make a rigorous showing that they owned the trade se-cret, that the trade secret had been stolen, and that third parties would not be harmed if an ex parte order were granted. We also included damages for wrongful seizure, including attorneys’ fees. And with that whole combination of important measures to ensure that the ex parte seizure capabilities under the statute are not misused, I think we achieved real consensus at that time. Isn’t that right, Senator H
ATCH ? 
Mr. HATCH. That is right, I say to 
Senator C OONS . 
As we prepared to reintroduce our 
bill in this Congress, we were fortunate to join forces with Senator J
EFFFLAKE  
of Arizona. He was invaluable in fine- tuning the ex parte seizure language. 
Because of Senator F
LAKE ’s good 
work, I believe the ex parte provisions are where they need to be—strong, fair, and not susceptible to abuse. 
Would the Senator agree with that? Mr. COONS. Yes, I would, thanks in 
no small part to you, I say to Senator H
ATCH , and to Senator F LAKE , who in-
sisted both last Congress and this Con-gress that we put everything on the table and invite all stakeholders to come forward and share their concerns. We worked together, we did that, and we found an incredible consensus. 
In addition to talking with industry, 
we have gone to think tanks and aca-demic institutions about this bill. Some people with whom we have spo-ken raised concerns that our bill, as previously drafted, could harm em-ployee mobility. So, Senator H
ATCH , I don’t want to 
restrict employee mobility, and I don’t think you want to either; is that right? 
Mr. HATCH. That is right, I say to 
Senator C
OONS . I never thought our bill 
harmed employee mobility. But when I heard these concerns, I wanted to make sure that we addressed this particular issue. So we included language in the bill this Congress that states explicitly that a person cannot be prevented from accepting an offer of employment be-cause of his or her prior exposure to trade secrets. 
I think we have struck the right bal-
ance with this bill. I am not aware of any stakeholder opposition to this bill. Those who operate businesses in the real world and have to protect their trade secrets on a regular basis are strong supporters of the Defend Trade Secrets Act. 
The list of companies and associa-
tions that have endorsed the act is di-verse and impressive. Let me read the names of some of the businesses and or-ganizations that support this bill: Adobe, AdvaMed, American Bar Asso-ciation Section of Intellectual Prop-erty Law, American Intellectual Prop-erty Law Association, Association of Global Automakers, Biotechnology In-dustry Organization, Boeing Company, Boston Scientific, BSA-The Software Alliance, Caterpillar, Corning, DuPont, Eli Lilly and Company, General Elec-tric, Honda, IBM, Illinois Tool Works, Information Technology Industry Council, Intel, International Fragrance Association of North America, Johnson & Johnson, Medical Device Manufac-turers Association, Medtronic, Michelin North America, Micron, Microsoft, National Alliance for Jobs and Innovation, National Association of Manufacturers, New England Coun-cil, Nike, Pfizer, Philips, Intellectual Property Owners Association, Procter & Gamble, Semiconductor Industry As-sociation, SAS, Software & Informa-tion Industry Association, U.S. Cham-ber of Commerce, and United Tech-nologies Corporation. And let me men-tion just one more, but there are oth-ers: 3M. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD let-
ters of support from these organiza-tions. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
AMERICAN BARASSOCIATION , 
October 5, 2015. 
Re S. 1890, the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 
2015 
Hon. C HARLES E. G RASSLEY , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington DC. Hon. P
ATRICK J. L EAHY , 
Ranking Member, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY AND RANKING  
MEMBER LEAHY : I write to express the views 
of the American Bar Association Section of Intellectual Property Law on S. 1890, the ‘‘Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2015.’’ These views have not been submitted to or ap-proved by the ABA House of Delegates or Board of Governors, and should not be con-
sidered to be views of the Association. 
There is no generally applicable federal 
private cause of action whereby an owner of a trade secret can seek redress for misappro-priation of a trade secret. Relief must be sought under state law, and most states and the District of Columbia have in effect some version of the Uniform Trade Secrets Act (UTSA). 
Congress recognized the need for federal 
protection of trade secrets when it enacted the Economic Espionage Act of 1996. That law authorizes criminal penalties of impris-onment for up to 15 years and a fine of not more than $10,000,000 for the theft of trade secrets for the benefit of a foreign govern-ment or other foreign interest. Lesser pen-alties are provided for misappropriation not benefiting foreign interests but which relate to products in interstate or foreign com-merce. The Attorney General of the United States has the authority to seek injunctive relief against the theft of trade secrets, but the Act does not contemplate a private cause of action by the owners of those trade se-crets. The Section of Intellectual Property Law supports establishment of such a cause of action, and urges the enactment of S. 1890 for this purpose. 
Currently in the United States, trade se-
crets are protected under an un-harmonized patchwork of trade secret laws that is ill- equipped to provide an effective civil remedy for companies whose trade secrets are stolen. Not all states have adopted the UTSA, and many differ in the interpretation and imple-mentation of existing laws. For instance, many states define protectable trade secrets differently and also have different require-ments for the maintenance of claims for trade secret misappropriation. To give but two examples, some states have found a nov-elty requirement for information to be con-sidered a trade secret, and some are more protective than others of customer lists. 
States have differing statutes of limita-
tions for trade secret claims, and there are also significant differences in the avail-ability of monetary relief. Many states have not enacted Section 8 of the UTSA, which calls upon each state to construe and apply the law to achieve uniformity among states. Moreover, victims of trade secret theft can face lengthy and costly procedural obstacles in obtaining evidence when the misappropriator flees to another state or country or transfers evidence outside the state. 
S. 1890 is the product of several years of 
congressional consideration and develop-ment. The Section of Intellectual Property Law has followed these developments and, in doing so, has identified essential components that should be included in a bill to establish a federal private cause of action for mis-appropriation a of a trade secret. These com-ponents include: 
a definition of trade secret that is clear 
and effective and not unduly restrictive or overly technical; 
a clear delineation of the requirements for 
a federal cause of action; 
the availability of remedies that are com-
parable to those available under the UTSA, including provisions providing for injunctive relief and monetary relief in the form of roy-alties, disgorgement of the proceeds of un-just enrichment, and exemplary damages; 
provisions for seizure orders that ade-
quately limit the circumstances in which they may be issued and executed and that provide for the custody, security, and access to seized property; and 
confirmation that the bill’s enactment will 
not preempt state trade secret laws. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.075 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7253 October 8, 2015 
Because S. 1890 contains these essential 
components, the Section of Intellectual Property Law supports its enactment. 
Very truly yours, 
T
HEODORE H. D AVIS JR., 
Section Chair, American Bar Association, 
Section of Intellectual Property Law. 
RESOLUTION ADOPTED BY THE INTELLECTUAL  
PROPERTY OWNERS ASSOCIATION BOARD OF  
DIRECTORS SUNDAY , SEPTEMBER 27, 2015 
RESOLVED, that IPO supports the enact-
ment of legislation, such as the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2015, to establish a federal civil cause of action for trade secret mis-appropriation to protect trade secrets from domestic and foreign theft, including an ex 
parte seizure provision, while providing ade-
quate safeguards against improper use of such ex parte seizure provision. 
July 29, 2015. 
Hon. O RRIN HATCH , 
U.S. Senator, Hart Senate Office Building, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. C HRISTOPHER COONS , 
U.S. Senator, Russell Senate Office Building, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. J EFFFLAKE , 
U.S. Senator, Russell Senate Office Building, 
Washington, DC. 
DEARSENATOR HATCH , SENATOR COONS , AND 
SENATOR FLAKE : The undersigned companies 
and organizations write to express our sup-port for the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2015. We appreciate your leadership on this issue. 
The Defend Trade Secrets Act will create a 
harmonized, uniform standard and system for companies to protect their trade secrets. Your bipartisan legislation will establish a strong standard for trade secret protection. 
Trade secrets are an essential form of in-
tellectual property. Trade secrets include in-formation as broad-ranging as manufac-turing processes, product development, in-dustrial techniques, formulas, and customer lists. The protection of this form of intellec-tual property is critical to driving the inno-vation and creativity at the heart of the American economy. Companies in America, however, are increasingly the targets of so-phisticated efforts to steal proprietary infor-mation, harming our global competitiveness. 
Existing state trade secret laws are inad-
equate to address the interstate and inter-national nature of trade secret theft today. Federal law protects trade secrets through the Economic Espionage Act of 1996 (‘‘EEA’’), which provides criminal sanctions for trade secret misappropriation. While the EEA is a critical tool for law enforcement to protect the clear theft of our intellectual property, U.S. trade secret owners also need access to a federal civil remedy and the full spectrum of legal options available to own-ers of other forms of intellectual property, such as patents, trademarks, and copyrights. 
The Defend Trade Secrets Act will create a 
federal remedy that will provide a con-sistent, harmonized legal framework and help avoid the commercial injury and loss of employment that can occur when trade se-crets are stolen. We are proud to support it. 
Sincerely, 
Association of Global Automakers, Inc., 
Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO), The Boeing Company, Boston Scientific, BSA/The Software Alliance (BSA), Cater-pillar Inc., Corning Incorporated, Eli Lilly and Company, General Electric, Honda, IBM, Illinois Tool Works Inc., Information Tech-nology Industry Council (ITI), Intel, Inter-national Fragrance Association, North America. 
Johnson & Johnson, Medical Device Manu-
facturers Association (MDMA), Medtronic, Micron, Microsoft, National Alliance for Jobs and Innovation (NAJI), National Asso-
ciation of Manufacturers (NAM), The New England Council, NIKE, Pfizer, The Procter & Gamble Company, Siemens Corporation, Software & Information Industry Associa-
tion (SIIA), U.S. Chamber of Commerce, United Technologies Corporation, 3M. 
SEMICONDUCTOR  
INDUSTRY ASSOCIATION , 
Washington, DC, October 7, 2015. 
Hon. O RRIN HATCH , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HRIS COONS , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. D
OUGCOLLINS , 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. J
ERRY NADLER , 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATOR HATCH , SENATOR COONS , 
CONGRESSMAN COLLINS , AND CONGRESSMAN  
NADLER : On behalf of the Semiconductor In-
dustry Association (SIA), I am writing to ex-press our support for the Defend Trade Se-crets Act of 2015 (S. 1890; H.R. 3326). 
The U.S. semiconductor industry supports 
the strong protection of all forms of intellec-tual property, including trade secrets. Our industry invests 18 percent of revenue on av-erage on research and development—the highest of any U.S. industry. Protecting the valuable intellectual property that results from this significant investment is critical to our industry’s continued success. 
In the semiconductor industry, trade se-
crets include essential intellectual property such as manufacturing processes and tech-niques, circuit designs, software source code, and business strategies and customer lists. The ability to protect these types of trade secrets has contributed to advances in semi-conductor design and manufacturing that have helped enable technological advance-ments in sectors throughout the economy. 
Unfortunately, existing laws are inad-
equate to address the theft of trade secrets in today’s environment. Federal law cur-rently provides criminal sanctions for trade secret misappropriation, but owners of trade secrets currently lack a federal civil remedy for the theft of their trade secrets. State laws provide a civil remedy, but the state courts lack the authority to act effectively against trade secret theft that crosses state and national borders. 
The Defend Trade Secrets Act would 
strengthen the protection of trade secrets by providing for a federal civil cause of action. The bills would provide a consistent, har-monized legal framework and help avoid the commercial injury, diminished competitive-ness, and loss of employment that can occur when trade secrets are stolen. 
We appreciate your leadership in intro-
ducing this bipartisan legislation that will strengthen U.S. competitiveness and innova-tion. 
Sincerely, 
J
OHNNEUFFER , 
President & CEO. 
Mr. HATCH. I ask Senator C OONS , 
don’t you think it is time that Con-gress acted on trade secret theft? 
Mr. COONS. Absolutely, Senator 
H
ATCH , I do. I think when you talk 
about an important issue such as trade secret theft, which poses such a great threat to American innovation, eco-nomic growth, and competitiveness, it really is past time that we act on this issue. 
This bill is truly bipartisan. I was the 
lead sponsor in the last Congress, and you are the lead sponsor in this Con-gress. Along the way we have worked closely together and undertaken an in-clusive and iterative process to make 
sure we have heard from all stake-holder perspectives so that we have legislation that creates winners only, not winners and losers. 
Senator H
ATCH , it has been an honor 
to work with you on this. You have been a big part of the reason we were able to undertake such a successful and constructive process. 
I would ask, Senator H
ATCH , in your 
view, has this process now produced a bill that is ready to move in the Senate Judiciary Committee, on which we both serve? 
Mr. HATCH. First, I thank you for 
your work on this bill, Senator C
OONS . 
You have been a great partner in ad-vancing this bill. 
I agree with you that the Defend 
Trade Secrets Act is ready to move— not just through the Senate Judiciary Committee but also on the Senate floor. In fact, I think this is the type of bill that could move by unanimous consent. 
At the same time, we are not closing 
the door or turning a deaf ear to any-one who has thoughts on this legisla-tion. Let me say, if my of my col-leagues have concerns or questions about the bill, come talk to me or Sen-ator C
OONS . Now is the time to resolve 
your concerns, and we will resolve them. 
If you talk to any of the companies 
that were initially on the fringes and that are now supporters of the bill, I think they will agree that you and I are willing to address all legitimate concerns. So work with us. 
I am pleased with the momentum we 
have already seen on this bill through industry support and in the Senate. One way that is happening is that Sen-ators on both sides of the aisle want to support this bill. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that Senators J
AMES RISCH, MIKE 
CRAPO , and R OYBLUNT be added as co-
sponsors to the Defend Trade Secrets Act, S. 1890. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. I am pleased with the 
support we have already seen and en-courage many more of my colleagues to support and help us pass this bill. Help us make this happen. It is the right thing to do. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
SENTENCING REFORM AND CORRECTIONS ACT  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, over 
the past several months, law enforce-ment officers across our country have been shot, shot at, and killed without provocation, too often simply because they wear a badge. Violent crime and murders have increased across the country at almost alarming rates in some areas. Drug use and overdoses are occurring and dramatically increasing. It is against this backdrop that we are considering a bill, or will be, to cut prison sentences for drug traffickers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.050 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7254 October 8, 2015 
and even other violent criminals, in-
cluding those currently in Federal pris-ons. 
So we need to be asking about this 
carefully and with real caution, be-cause as a prosecutor for a number of years, I know there are reasons we have people in jail. One is that it is just desserts. When somebody assaults another person, breaks into their house and robs them, uses weapons to rob a person of a thing of value, steals their automobiles, murders, rapes, and those kinds of things, they have to have a certain punishment or there is no real justice in the world. Just desserts is a legitimate reason to have punishment. It is not all economics. It is not all about whether they might or might not commit another crime. If you do a seri-ous crime, you should do some time for it. 
Another one is incapacitation. This 
is too little appreciated, but when you take a person who is committing crimes—and many of them commit many crimes—a study in California of their State prison system showed there was a huge number of those criminals who admitted committing as many as 170 crimes a year. We say that is not possible, but people would break into two or three cars a night. They would break into businesses, break into Coke machines, break into other things and cause all kinds of issues, such as lost time from work, costs to repair, dis-rupting lives, making people change the very nature of their business af-fairs because they are afraid of being robbed or burglarized. So those are things that occur. 
Rehabilitation is a factor. The origi-
nal idea was that in prison—we called it a penitentiary—where people do pen-ance and hopefully they try to change their lives. 
So I would just point out that those 
are some of the things we need to be aware of when we are talking about sentencing and what is appropriate, particularly in a time of rising crime. 
People want Congress to represent 
their best interests and to protect them—people who do the right thing. They want their children to be able to play in the streets, walk around the block, see their friends, and not be afraid of some drug dealer or some gang member. Too often that is not possible in America. It got better, but it is getting worse, and we need to be aware of that as we consider legislation to improve our criminal justice sys-tem. 
According to the Drug Enforcement 
Administration, the amount of heroin seized at the southwest border has in-creased nearly 300 percent from 2008 to 2013, and I suspect the numbers are still going up. Heroin overdose deaths have increased 45 percent. That is huge. We went through a period of de-cline in all of this. It took 20 years. I was there. I worked with the Coalition for a Drug-Free Mobile, the Partner-ship For Youth. They volunteered hours and hours—teachers, school sys-tems, gave their time and effort. We 
went from a period when 50 percent of high school seniors in 1980, according to a University of Michigan study, ad-mitted to using an illegal drug, to less than 25 percent. It was cut by half. How many young people’s lives stayed on track? How many people’s lives were not led astray and destroyed by drug addiction as a result of that significant decline in drug use? 
I think it needs to be said that the 
President should never have said smok-ing marijuana is like smoking ciga-rettes: Oh, I wish I hadn’t done it. That is the kind of message people hear. Now we have States legalizing it, and they are already talking about de-criminalizing it. It is a mistake. We have seen that experiment before. Lives are at stake. 
The Drug Enforcement Administra-
tion called me recently and told me that 120 people a day are dying of a drug overdose in America. How many of them have serious brain injuries as a result of those overdoses? Our Pre-siding Officer, Dr. C
ASSIDY , has been 
around emergency rooms. How many people are taken to emergency rooms and at what great cost to our commu-nities? How many lives are disrupted? How many children are in broken homes? How many people had to leave their home because one spouse or the other has spent all the family money on drugs to support a habit? How many children have been abandoned, went to bed without food because of addiction in their family? 
These are serious matters. We made 
tremendous progress. The murder rate in America dropped by over 50 percent since the 1980s when Ronald Reagan said ‘‘just say no’’ and started a War on Drugs. He appointed me as the U.S. at-torney in Alabama. I know what we did. And the Federal Government led the way with tough sentencing, elimi-nating parole, targeting dangerous drugs in effective ways, and States and local governments followed. 
I am worried about it. It is just trag-
ic to me that we are making the same mistakes we made in the 1960s and 1970s. According to new data, 4.3 mil-lion people abuse or are dependent on marijuana. Marijuana is stronger today—several times stronger—than the marijuana of the 1960s, and it does impact people adversely. 
The American Medical Association 
has issued a report that is unequivocal about the danger and the ramifications of the use of marijuana. According to the 2014 ‘‘Monitoring the Future’’ study, since 2007, lifetime, past year, past month, and daily drug use among 8th, 10th, and 12th graders combined have all increased. 
Meanwhile, over the last several 
years, Congress, the President, the Su-preme Court, and the U.S. Sentencing Commission all have taken steps to lessen punishment for, or altogether stop, the enforcement of laws that we passed over the years that led to this decline. They have been eliminated and weakened. I supported one of the big 
ones in Congress. I worked with Sen-ator D
URBIN and we passed a bill that I 
think was justified and would not have done anything other than make the system better, in my opinion, and fair-er, but now we need to ask ourselves, what do we do next, if anything? 
In 2005, the Supreme Court ruled that 
the sentencing guidelines that were en-acted by Congress were not mandatory. This was a huge thing. In the early 1980s we passed sentencing guidelines and, depending on the severity of the crime and what the aggravating factors were at work, a person got more time or less time. It involved aggravating factors and mitigating factors, and it ended this idea that if you went to one judge, he would give you probation and if you went to another judge for the same crime, you would get 10 years, 15 years in jail. 
So I think that is to be noted. This is 
a very significant reduction as a prac-tical matter in the amount of time that a person would serve because of eliminating the mandatory require-ment of the sentencing guidelines. 
Then in 2010—this is a bill I worked 
on, the Fair Sentencing Act, which re-duced the disparity between crack co-caine and powder cocaine and made other changes that in many ways re-duced sentences overall. It reduced sen-tences. It was designed because minor-ity groups, particularly the African- American community—the drug of choice too often was crack and that had much higher sentences and it seemed to be unfair, and we fixed that to a large degree. It eliminated the mandatory 5-year minimum sentence— the mandatory 5 years without parole for possession of crack cocaine. I didn’t think that was legitimate, Congress agreed, and we eliminated that require-ment. It was being gotten around, and not many times were people being sen-tenced for simple possession of a small amount of cocaine. That was changed, and the Sentencing Commission then implemented an amendment to the sentencing guidelines that applied this retroactively. So people who had been sentenced under the previous proce-dures had those procedures reversed and then they got out of jail early—and a lot of people did. It resulted in early release of thousands of offenders. 
In August of 2013, in a dramatic event 
too little appreciated, Attorney Gen-eral Eric Holder ordered Federal pros-ecutors not to charge certain drug of-fenders with mandatory minimums, re-gardless of the quantity of drugs in-volved. He directed the prosecutors not to follow the law. Under the law, if you have a certain amount of drug use, you are supposed to serve at least a min-imum mandatory sentence. This is dif-ferent from the guidelines. This is a statutory requirement. And Attorney General Holder reversed previous attor-neys general memoranda which di-rected that prosecutors should charge the main offense and they should be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.060 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7255 October 8, 2015 
subject to the main penalty. That fur-
ther reduced the number of people con-victed and the amount of time they served. 
Then the administration has declined 
to enforce Federal drug laws regarding marijuana in Colorado, Washington, and Oregon. It is still a Federal offense to deal marijuana in the United States. So even though a State doesn’t have that law, the Federal Government does. They said: Well, if you don’t en-force it, we won’t enforce it—another relaxation of Federal law. 
Then, according to the Administra-
tive Office of U.S. Courts, prosecutions for drug trafficking—the number of people actually tried and prosecuted for drug trafficking under the primary drug law, 21 U.S. Code section 841, has declined over 16 percent since 2009, and since President Obama took office, prosecutions under 21 U.S. Code section 960, the Import-Export Act, have de-clined by 30 percent over that time pe-riod. 
We haven’t had those kinds of reduc-
tions in drugs that are imported into the United States. We don’t have fewer drug distribution networks. We have more. Those prosecutions shouldn’t be declining. We didn’t reduce the number of prosecutors working in the U.S. At-torneys’ offices. 
Attorney General Holder ordered 
Federal prosecutors to refrain from ob-jecting to defendants’ requests in court for shorter sentences. He said: Don’t object to their requests for shorter sen-tences. Less than a month later, the Sentencing Commission voted to re-duce sentences for an estimated 70 per-cent of Federal drug trafficking offend-ers, including those who possessed a firearm, committed a violent crime or had a prior conviction, decreasing their sentence an average of 11 months—al-most 1 year. An estimated 6,000 will be released from Federal prison beginning November 1, and about 40,000 will be el-igible for early release in the coming years. 
President Obama has commuted the 
sentences of 89 Federal drug offenders, including crack cocaine distributors— some convicted of dealing more than 10 pounds of crack, which is hundreds of thousands of dollars in value, while others were convicted of possession of a firearm in relation to a drug offense. 
One of the things my office always 
did was it was sure to prosecute drug dealers who used guns while they were doing their nefarious crimes. I think it had an impact on the murder rate in America. Fewer dangerous drug dealers were carrying guns on a regular basis because they knew if they got caught, they would be taken to Federal court and be held another 5 years without pa-role for carrying a gun on top of their drug offense. 
The President has announced that he 
plans to continue to grant clemency to 
Federal drug offenders through the end of his Presidency. Are we talking about thousands more? 
All of this has led the Federal prison 
population to fall. Now you have heard it said that we 
have this ever-growing number of peo-ple in the Federal prisons and that somehow it is wrong—there are about 200,000 people in Federal prisons. 
We should talk about that. It is OK 
to talk about it, but we have to be careful. What I would say to you and what is too little appreciated, col-leagues, is that we have already seen dramatic reductions in sentences in the last several years, far unlike what we had done in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s. 
So the prison population has now 
started dropping. It has reached the lowest levels since 2005, 10 years ago. According to the Bureau of Prisons, the prison population of 200,000 has de-creased over the last 2 years—by 5,300 in fiscal year 2014, last year. They 
project the population to ‘‘further drop by 14,987 between FY2015 and FY2016’’— another 15,000 decline—‘‘particularly as a result of the retroactive sentencing guidelines change.’’ Admissions to Fed-eral prisons have declined every year since 2011. The number of people being admitted to the Federal prisons is going down, driven, I suspect, by the prosecutorial policies set by Attorney General Holder. They will continue to decline given the President’s policy of directing prosecutors not to charge certain criminal offenses. 
This is a very serious matter. We 
need to be careful as we analyze the legislation today. Crime is already ris-ing at an alarming rate, so much so that it has prompted an emergency meeting of the Major Cities Chiefs As-sociation in August. The New York Times recently reported that murders have increased sharply in many cities across the country since 2014, including Atlanta, up 32 percent—these are mur-ders—Baltimore, up 56 percent, nearby; Chicago, up 20 percent; Houston, up 44 percent; Los Angeles, up 11 percent; New York, up 9 percent; Milwaukee, up 76 percent; Minneapolis, up 50 percent; New Orleans, up 22 percent; Philadel-phia, up 4 percent; Dallas, up 17 per-cent; and Washington, DC, where we are, up 47 percent—murders. This trend, in my opinion, will continue. 
Property crimes have also risen 
sharply throughout the country and even in small cities such as Abilene, Carson City, Portland, Ithaca, and Binghamton, NY. 
I am afraid we are watching a repeat 
of history. A couple of generations ago, when we had an indeterminate sen-tencing system with no guidelines or required minimum sentences, virtually identical defendants received totally different sentences depending on the judge, and many received little or no incarceration. A nationwide crime wave ensued. It was a revolving door. People were arrested. They were re-leased on bail. They came to court, and the case got continued. It got contin-ued again, it got continued again, and the witnesses disappeared. They had a plea bargain, they got a little bit of time, and they served less than a third of the time they got. That is what was happening. People say: Prison makes them 
worse. Do you remember those argu-ments? Well, in 1980, one out of four households in the United States had suffered a rape, robbery, burglary, as-sault, larceny or auto theft in the pre-vious year. Crime was increasing in double-digits per year in the 1960s and 1970s, and we did not respond to it. 
So then the Congress passed legisla-
tion that imposed mandatory min-imum sentences on criminals convicted of the most serious Federal crimes and drug crimes to ensure that these per-petrators served at least a fixed amount of time in prison. Every drug dealer knew it and came to know that if they were caught, they were going to serve real time and they were not going to talk their way out of it. The Anti-Drug Abuse Act was passed, and the Armed Career Criminal Act, which had mandatory 15-year penalties. Ca-reer criminals carrying guns and com-mitting serious crimes were ham-mered. It targeted career criminals— the kind of people who kill people to carry out their crimes. Drug traf-ficking fell into that category. Con-gress also established sentencing guidelines that required judges to sen-tence within certain ranges and cal-culate factors and create objectivity, so that one poor person got the same sentence as some rich person with a highly paid lawyer. The rationale was and remains three-fold: to deter offend-ers from engaging in further criminal behavior, to ensure that a meaningful period of time elapsed for the offender to become rehabilitated, and to inca-pacitate the offender from harming law-abiding citizens. 
How many people do you know that 
would rape someone? How many people do you know that would likely take a gun and murder somebody? The more of those that are in jail serving time, the less people are going to get mur-dered. It is mathematics, and that is really what happened since 1980 with the increasing number of people being incarcerated. This idea worked. 
According to the FBI statistics, the 
rate of violent crimes—murder, rape, robbery, and aggravated assault—was reduced by more than 50 percent from 1991 to 2013. That is when these sen-tences were beginning to be understood and were impactful. Property crimes, burglary, murder, larceny, and motor vehicle thefts dropped by a similar measure. 
Over time, prison penalties fairly and 
systematically applied mean that less crime and fewer innocent people are burglarized, robbed, raped or murdered. Scholars have estimated that the in-crease in the size of our prison popu-lation has driven down crime rates by at least 25 percent. 
Professor Matt DeLisi of Iowa State 
University testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee that criminal justice research shows that ‘‘releasing 1 percent of the current [Federal pris-on] population would result in approxi-mately 32,850 additional murders, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.061 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7256 October 8, 2015 
rapes, robberies, aggravated assaults, 
burglaries, thefts, auto thefts, and inci-dents of arson.’’ 
Well, we have had more than a 1 per-
cent increase already. The great crimi-nologist and Professor James Q. Wilson said: 
A high risk of punishment reduces crime. 
It just does. 
If you are talking about the class-
room or on the football field, if the flag is thrown every time somebody clips, they quit clipping. If it is not thrown, you will still see it. 
In 2011 the Supreme Court upheld a 
lower court ruling in Brown v. Plata, that California was required to reduce its prison population to ease over-crowding. In dissent in that case, Jus-tice Alito recalled a prisoner-release program in Philadelphia in the 1990s: 
Although efforts were made to release only 
those prisoners who were least likely to com-mit violent crimes, that attempt was spec-tacularly unsuccessful. During an 18-month period, the Philadelphia police arrested thousands of these prisoners for committing 9,732 new crimes. Those defendants were charged with 79 murders, 90 rapes, 1,113 as-saults, 959 robberies, 701 burglaries, 2,748 thefts, not to mention thousands of drug of-fenses. 
I wish it weren’t so. I wish we could 
have these programs. I have seen them since my time in law enforcement in 1975, as a young prosecutor. Year after year, people have come forward with plans that sound so good, and they have been tried before. But they never work out nearly as well as people pro-mote. Trust me. If there was any quick fix, it would already have been done all over America. People don’t—States don’t want to spend money on prisons. But the truth is that people who tend to be criminals tend to continue to be criminals and commit crimes. We ig-nore too often the pain, the destruction and the damage it does to innocent people who are afraid to have their children experience the turmoil of crime. 
Now is not the time to move too fast 
to further reduce penalties without careful thought. Before we rush to judgment about undoing Federal sen-tencing laws, we must consider the re-sults of what has already happened— how much reduction we have already seen. We have a responsibility to the public to examine every aspect of the legislation that may be coming forward and be introduced in committee, which could greatly impact the everyday lives of Americans for years to come. To that end, we must have a good hear-ing on it. We need to study what ex-perts have told us and what history tells us about crime. 
It would be so wonderful if we could 
do a drug treatment program and peo-ple would not commit crimes again. It would be so wonderful if we could have an in-prison educational program that people could take and somehow have a significant reduction of crime rates. There are all kinds of ideas that have been tried over the years, and some of them may have a benefit. Some of them have some benefit, but none of 
them have produced dramatic alter-ations in the rate of recidivism or re-peat of criminal acts. One study a num-ber of years ago concluded that when a person comes out of prison, they make a decision. It is an individual, personal decision about whether they are going to continue with criminal activity or not. Some of them make it because the prison was a bad place and they don’t want to go back. Some of them make it because they have had a religious expe-rience. Some of them make it because they took advantage of an online or education course and decided they are going to do something better for their lives. But it is an individual decision, and we have not found it possible to somehow impact the psyche of people in prison so that we can consistently reduce the likelihood that they will re-turn to crime. We have to understand that. 
If somebody has a plan that shows 
me that, I would like to see it. 
Mr. President, I thank the Chair for 
allowing me to share these thoughts. We are at a very important time in criminal justice, and we need to get it right. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
PENSION PROTECTION  
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
want to speak on the floor today about something that is incredibly important to families all across Michigan and all across the country—what we have talked about in terms of the impor-tance of having a middle class in this country. Folks who are working all their lives, who get a good wage, and who pay into a pension and expect it to be there. Those fundamentals are fall-ing apart for far too many people. Spe-cifically, I want to speak about what is happening regarding pensions and pen-sion protections in this country. 
I think all of us would agree that a 
pension is a promise and it is earned. A pension is earned over a lifetime of hard work, and it is the foundation of retirement security for tens of millions of American workers who have a pen-sion and for their families. There is no question that a number of pension funds in our country are suffering, due largely to factors that they cannot control, such as what happened with the Wall Street financial crisis, which took billions of dollars and wasn’t the fault of any of the workers involved or of the businesses, for that matter, that found themselves going out of business because of what happened during that financial crisis. 
This took a huge toll on middle-class 
families. We have focused on homes and the loss of homes, which was a dis-aster. But a second disaster is now be-ginning to be felt, and that is the ques-tion of pensions and the loss of pension benefits. Workers are now at risk of losing their pensions because of cuts that are beginning to be announced. This already includes 30,000 workers in 
Michigan—30,000 workers in Michigan. 
I understand the dilemma the pen-
sion funds are facing. Their funding is in critical status. They are becoming increasingly insolvent over time. I un-derstand the tough decisions they are having to make, but they would not have to be making those decisions if protecting pensions were a priority for Congress. This is a matter of whether we are going to continue to have a mid-dle class in this country. 
Frankly, it is an issue of fairness for 
the people who have paid in their whole lives and expect, as they come to re-tirement age—or they are already re-tired—as a matter of fairness, that their funds are going to be available for them, and they should be. 
One of the things that is so out-
rageous when we look at the lack of fairness around priorities in this coun-try is that we see companies taking ad-vantage of tax loopholes to move jobs overseas and avoid paying taxes. I have a bill called the Bring Jobs Home Act, which simply closes one of those loop-holes and says: If you are going to move, at least you should not be able to write off the cost of the move, and the workers who are losing their jobs and taxpayers should not have to pay for the cost of the move. 
We have not been able to close that 
loophole, so we see tens of millions of dollars, billions of dollars, going over-seas sometimes because companies stay here, they just move overseas on paper. So they are still breathing the air and drinking the water and driving on roads, but on paper they have moved so they don’t have to pay taxes, and we have another gigantic tax loop-hole. 
On the one hand, while we see the 
system rigged over and over again for the wealthy and the well connected who pay less in taxes, we have hard- working citizens—whether they are truck drivers or teachers or police offi-cers or men and women in uniform or people all across our country—who are paying into pension systems, and we have not been able to get the support to fully fund those systems, to fully fund the PBGC, the pension guarantee fund. So there is an issue around pen-sions and people knowing their pen-sions will be protected going forward. 
I believe it is up to us in Congress to 
put in place the resources necessary to help protect the financial security of workers and retirees and their families. This is a matter of priorities. There are ways for us to do that—by closing tax loopholes for special interests, for the wealthy, for folks who want to avoid paying their taxes in a wide variety of ways. Take those dollars and make sure we shore up pension protection in this country. It is pretty basic. People are counting on us to take action. We need to fully commit to make sure every worker gets the pension benefits they need, they deserve, and, most im-portantly, they have earned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.062 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7257 October 8, 2015 
That is why I am cosponsoring im-
portant legislation that Senator S AND-
ERShas put forward. There are a num-
ber of us who are cosponsoring this. Let me mention a few of the cospon-sors. We have a number of different people: Senator B
ALDWIN , Senator 
BROWN , Senator F RANKEN , Senator 
JACKREED, and others. I know my col-
league Senator P ETERS cares deeply 
about this as well. 
There are a number of us who are 
coming together on legislation that would prevent the proposed cuts to workers’ earned pension benefits. This bill would set our priorities straight by closing the tax loopholes, many of which I have talked about, to make sure we have the resources to put back into protecting workers’ pensions. It would also make sure workers and re-tirees in the Central State Pension Fund system, the largest pension fund facing severe and growing financial dif-ficulties, would be able to receive the full benefits they have earned—again, the full benefits they have earned. 
It is outrageous to me to think that 
a promise as basic as a pension, a life-time of work paying into a pension— that that pension would not be there and that we would not as a Congress consider it a priority to do everything possible to protect pensions people have earned. 
I am going to keep doing everything 
I can, looking for ways to stop these cuts to the earned pension benefits. It is a basic issue of financial security. We have legislation, if passed right away, that would make a big dif-ference. We need to get that bill passed so we can put in place the pension pro-tections and send a message to people across our country that we get it, that we understand what is at stake for so many families. 
A pension is a promise that needs to 
be kept. We have a way to do that in legislation before this body. I hope the leadership—the Republican leader-ship—will view it as a priority and take it up so we can get this passed as soon as possible. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
TRANSPORTATION FUNDING  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I have 
come to the floor—I don’t come to the floor every day, but every day that I come here you are presiding. Either I am coming here more often than I thought or you are presiding more than most people do. Maybe you just drew the short straw, but at the end of the day, I enjoy having these conversations with you, even when most of our col-leagues have packed up and headed for places near and far—mostly far. I have a couple of charts here today 
I would like for us to go over. The first one is—I like these bar graphs. This is an interesting one. We have Great Brit-ain on this axis right here. We have in-formation about the relative amount of fuel taxes countries have. Great Brit-ain is the world champ. They have the biggest fuel taxes of anybody, and they have had for quite a while. 
All the way over here is the U.S.A. 
There is an outfit called the OECD, which I would say is the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Develop-ment. It doesn’t have 41 nations; maybe it has about 37 or 38. They are arrayed right here. There are Russia, India, and Brazil. This gives you some sense of how different nations pay for their transportation infrastructure. 
A bunch of nations, like Great Brit-
ain, use their fuel taxes to help balance the budget. Great Britain is here, and then we have these other countries— Luxembourg, Spain, Argentina. You get all the way down here, and there is Brazil. They are like off the charts. They must not have any fuel taxes to pay for their transportation infrastruc-ture at all. We are pretty close to them. We are right here, the United States. We are right between Canada and Mexico. 
I wanted to show that to give people 
a sense of—people think: Boy, we charge a lot of money for a gasoline tax and diesel tax. Well, as it turns out, not so much. 
Some people think we spend a lot of 
money in the Federal budget on foreign aid. A lot of time in my townhall meet-ings, people complain and say: Well, we spend way too much money on foreign aid. 
I say: Well, what percentage of the 
budget do you think actually goes to foreign aid? 
People say about 20, 25 percent. And 
the answer is 1 percent. So that is a misperception. 
I think the perception here is that we 
charge very high fuel taxes compared to the rest of the world. No. We have among the very lowest fuel taxes when you combine State and local with all of the developed nations of the world. 
Let’s see what is next here. It says: 
How much do we pay in fuel taxes? This is the cost of regular gasoline right here, August 2015, about a month and a half ago. This right over here is diesel fuel in about August of this year, a month and a half ago. The retail price at that time, I guess on average across the country, was about $2.64 for gasoline, and the retail price for diesel was about the same, $2.60 a gallon. 
It is interesting to see how much tax 
is collected in a $2.64 gallon of gas. In our State, in Delaware, I pulled up for gas last week. I went to Wawa. I paid about $2.11 for gas. There are a bunch of stations—probably 1,000 or more— several thousand stations across the country last week where people paid less than two bucks a gallon. But this was the average. We have a couple of big States where the prices are higher, California among them. Anyway, what makes up the price of 
gas at $2.64? This was back in August. About 40 percent of that was the cost of crude oil. About another 25 percent of that $2.64 was attributable to refining costs. Another almost 20 percent—19 percent, actually—was for the cost of distribution, for distributing and mar-keting. Add that all up, and it adds up to about 82 percent, 83 percent of the cost of gasoline was crude oil, and re-fining, distribution, and taxes was about 17 percent. 
Again, when you look at our taxes in 
this country, State and local, we have among the lowest in the developed world. We just saw that in our first chart. 
The numbers on diesel are pretty 
much the same—40 percent of the cost of the diesel when you fill up tanks if you have a car or a truck that uses die-sel. It is about 18 percent for refining and another 22 percent. So about 80 percent of the cost for a gallon of diesel fuel 1
1⁄2or 2 months ago was, again, 
crude oil, the cost of crude, the cost of refining, and the cost of distribution and marketing. 
Let’s see what is on our next chart. It 
strikes me that gasoline prices are going down nationwide. Well, are they or are they not? Let’s look. The aver-age price of gas on October 5, 2015— what is today? Today is October 8, my sister’s birthday. Three days before that birthday—October 5—gas nation-wide was about $2.32 a gallon. Com-pared to last year, it is down by 98 cents again. 
On the east coast, the price of gas 
where I come from in Delaware—I said I bought gas last week at Wawa for $2.11. The average price up and down the east coast is about $2.17 a gallon, and that is down by over $1 from a year ago. In New England, the price is just about the same as the Northeast—$2.23 a gallon. The Central Atlantic is pretty much Virginia, Maryland, and maybe North Carolina and South Carolina. In the Central Atlantic, it is $2.22 a gal-lon. These are all down by over $1 a gallon from last year. The Lower At-lantic is pretty much the same. The Midwest is a little bit more. Gulf Coast States—down very close to $2 here. The gulf coast is down to $2.03 a gallon. That is down by roughly $1 from a year ago. Go out to the Rocky Mountain States—if you move farther to the West, prices go up a little bit. The Rocky Mountain States are $2.47, $2.48. That is down by $1. The west coast is about $2.79. That is almost $1. Finally, the Pacific Northeast is about $2.50, again, down by $1. So I would say prices are down by about a third across the country. 
I like this poster. For folks who can’t 
read it, there are a couple of guys who are sitting in a gas station. The pas-senger says to the driver, ‘‘I just found some loose change in the cup holder.’’ And the driver says, ‘‘Awesome. Fill ’er up.’’ Well, we are not quite at that point, but we are getting a lot more for the loose change we find in our cup 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.064 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7258 October 8, 2015 
holder than used to be the case. Now 
the question is, Is that going to con-tinue? 
Look at this next chart and see what 
it shows. It shows that the global price of oil continues to drop. Again, keep in mind that about 40 percent of the cost of gas—40 percent at the pump, 40 per-cent of the cost of diesel at the pump— is attributable to the price at the well-head. This is the price of crude oil over a few years—2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015. Here we are. This is starting at about the middle of 2014. There is a pre-cipitous drop, some recovery, and then another precipitous drop. 
This is even better. This is the price 
of crude oil over the past 6 months. There is a big drop starting about in June. You see what we have down here. It is about midforties per barrel. 
That is history. The question is, 
Looking forward, what can we expect prices to look like? 
I don’t have a magic solar ball or 
anything like that, but I do know this: The world in which we live is awash in oil, and the United States has been a big contributor to that because of what we are bringing up out of the ground, on the land, and in the seas beside us, beside our country. 
But there is another country that is, 
I think, No. 4 in the world in terms of their strategic reserves compared to the rest of the world. It is a country that has not been pumping a lot of late, but it is a country that has the ability to pump a lot of oil, and that country is Iran. Today, this month, next month, they can pump maybe 100,000 barrels a day, maybe 200,000 bar-rels a day. But if they abide by the agreement we struck with them, the Brits, the French, the Germans, the Russians, the Chinese, and us—if the Iranians keep their agreement, which is designed to ensure they don’t end up with a nuclear weapon—if they keep that agreement and the sanctions are lifted, they will be able to, probably starting more next year than this, begin to pump more oil out of the ground. They have a lot of it to pump. They have a big reason to want to pump a lot of it because, as bad as our transportation and infrastructure is, theirs is a whole lot worse. They need to generate the money, and one of the ways they are going to do it is to pump a lot of oil. 
Looking forward, can we say the 
price of gasoline is going to go down? Is it going to stay the same? I would just say this: One of the big factors for us to consider is that the fourth biggest oil reserve country in the world is going to start—all things being equal, they are going to start pumping a lot of oil, and that is going to come into a world mar-ket of oil where, frankly, we are awash in oil. It is not going to drive the price up, I can assure you. It may keep it steady. It could actually drive it down further. 
All right. Let’s take a look at the 
next chart. This is a chart that focuses on what we are investing as a nation in our transportation systems, our roads, 
our highways, our bridges. We are look-ing at, actually, some numbers pro-vided by an outfit called the American Society of Civil Engineers. These are people who make a living by building infrastructure and helping design and figure out what we should build and how we should build it. It is not just transportation, it is all kinds of infra-structure, but it certainly includes transportation. 
They actually grade how we are 
doing on transportation in this country on roads, highways, and bridges. I think the last time I saw, the grade they gave us was a D-plus. The only thing I can say was good about that is it was not a D-minus. But it hasn’t been a C or even a C-minus for a long time. It certainly hasn’t been a B for a lot longer. And one of the things that happens is when you have a transpor-tation system—when our investments are at about a D-plus—‘‘d’’ as in ‘‘dog’’—we end up spending a lot of time in traffic just sitting there. 
Every year, Texas A&M comes up 
with a study that says how much time we spend in traffic just pretty much sitting there, barely moving. The aver-age across the country for the average driver is 42 hours a year. Think about that. That is pretty much almost 2 days that you just sitting there, maybe moving a little bit but not much. 
For the bigger cities, such as Wash-
ington, DC; Houston, TX; Dallas; Den-ver; or L.A., the numbers are more like 82 hours per year. That is almost 4 days just sitting there in traffic in your car, truck, van, big truck, your diesel, rig, whatever, waiting to move. 
The American Society of Civil Engi-
neers says our investment needs are about $228 billion. Is that per year? That is per year. That is a lot of money. If we were pumping that kind of money into roads, highways, and bridges in our transit system, we wouldn’t have a D-plus anymore; we would have a B-plus—‘‘b’’ as in ‘‘bravo’’ as opposed to ‘‘d’’ as in ‘‘dog.’’ So that is what $228 billion a year would get us. That would be new revenues on top of the current revenues we are already generating from roads, highways, and bridges. 
Over at the U.S. Department of 
Transportation, they have said their magic number is $171 billion per year. They are talking about $171 billion per year. They say that is just enough to begin to improve our transportation system. Instead of seeing it continue to be degraded, if we put in about $171 bil-lion, we would see that is just enough to begin to improve our transportation system. 
Over here, these are our civil engi-
neers. These are smart people who help design roads. This is the U.S. Depart-ment of Transportation. One says we need to put in about $228 billion a year and the U.S. Department of Transpor-tation says about $171 billion a year. Our current highway trust fund spend-ing out of our trust fund is $50 billion a year. It is not even 20 percent, maybe 
not even 25 percent of what the engi-neers who build these systems are tell-ing us, and it is not even a third of what the Department of Transpor-tation says we ought to be doing. We could begin—just begin to improve our transportation system. 
What this chart says to me is we are 
going nowhere fast and we are woefully underfunding. If we want to get better; if we want to reduce the amount of time we are just sitting, going no-where; if we want to reduce the amount of money we are spending to replace our tires or have our front ends aligned and other repairs on our vehicles—that adds up to about, on average, between $350 to $500 per driver. That is what we are spending now. 
Let’s see what this poster says: 
The U.S. highway trust fund running out 
due to political gridlock. 
Where the highway ends. 
Let me just say that we have had 
over the last, I don’t know, 5, 6, 7, 8 years any number of blue ribbon com-missions that have been commissioned. We commissioned them in the Trans-portation bill we passed maybe 6 years ago. We said to all these smart people: We want you to go out and figure out how we ought to pay for transpor-tation. 
They came back and said: Well, here 
is why we think a big part of it ought to be user fees, some for tolling and some for figuring out how many miles are actually traveled, vehicle miles traveled, kind of migrating toward that of system, but for the most part it should be user fees. 
A big piece of that, at least for now, 
should be user fees for the amount of gas we buy and for the amount of diesel fuel we buy because that generally en-sures that the folks who are using our roads, highways, and bridges are actu-ally paying for them. 
So there has not really been a lot of 
question among people a lot smarter than I and even smarter than my col-leagues—most of them, at least—the folks who are most knowledgeable about this say this is the way we ought to pay for it, and it should be a user-fee approach. 
The reason we are not doing that is 
because of political courage—not an overabundance of that; maybe a lack of it. 
All right. Let’s see what is next. The 
TRAFFIC Relief Act, which is the Tax Relief And #FixTheTrustFund For In-frastructure Certainty Act of 2015— that is a mouthful—was introduced by a fellow from Illinois named Senator D
URBIN and a fellow from Delaware. 
That would be me. 
DICKDURBIN and I came to Wash-
ington. I was a Navy guy for many years before I was treasurer of Dela-ware, Congressman for a while, Gov-ernor, and now in the Senate. D
ICK 
came to Washington in 1982. We both were elected to the House in 1982. We found out on the first day on the job— we were sworn in January 3, 1983—the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.066 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7259 October 8, 2015 
Social Security trust fund was about to 
run out of money, I mean entirely. But in 1983 we were not going to be talking about reducing Social Security bene-fits by 5 percent, 10 percent, or 20 per-cent; by the end of 1983, we were going to run out of money and we wouldn’t be able to pay anything for Social Secu-rity benefits. 
Fortunately, in 1982 some very smart 
people got together. A blue ribbon com-mission was chaired by Alan Green-span, who went on to became Federal Reserve Chairman. They said: Here is how we ought to pay for it. 
D
ICKDURBIN and I—a lot of Demo-
crats and a lot of Republicans—all of us together said: That makes sense. Let’s do it. 
It was a combination of reductions in 
benefits and additional revenues. We got the job done. Social Security is not set forever, but it has lasted for an-other 30 years, 40 years. We need to do some more to fix it, but that is the kind of bipartisan resolve we need. 
The legislation Senator D
URBIN and I 
introduced in this instance—maybe a little more than a month ago—raises about $220 billion for the highway trust fund over 10 years, and that is on top of the amount of money we are already going to spend anyway over the next 10 years. I think that would be another maybe $400 billion, roughly, $450 bil-lion, $350 billion. Add that to $220 bil-lion, and that gives us $570 billion. 
Does this get us from D-plus to an A 
or A-minus or even a B-plus? No, it doesn’t, but it moves us in the right di-rection. It moves the needle in the di-rection it needs to go. It provides for $90 billion to fully fund the highways and transit programs and about $130 billion for new investments in repairs and upgrades. We need to do those new investments, and we certainly need to do the repairs and upgrades. 
Let me close by thanking Senator 
D
URBIN for joining me in this effort. 
People vote for us to come to Congress and to make tough decisions. People expect us to work together. People es-pecially expect us to get things done. People especially expect us to do things that help strengthen the eco-nomic recovery, which is underway, to make it more robust going forward in the future. We can do that. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out how. 
A lot of smart people on these blue 
ribbon commissions have been telling us for years that the way to do it is move toward tolling, eventually move toward some kind of vehicle-miles- traveled system where based on the ac-tual miles we travel we pay some find of fee. But they have also said for now, because those other two ideas are not fully realized—and especially for vehi-cle miles traveled, we are not going to be there for probably 10 years, 20 years. In the meantime, we have all this work that needs to be done and to be paid for, and they have said the best way to do it is to ensure that we pay—those of us who are using the roads, highways, and bridges pay for that, and we have 
been using gas taxes and diesel taxes to do that. 
I will close with this. I am not a big 
coffee drinker, but I stopped by a car-ryout we have downstairs in the base-ment. They are open whenever we are in session, and you can go get a sand-wich or some soup or yogurt or some-thing, and they also sell coffee. Some days, especially when we are in session late at night—we have not been doing that much lately—but at night when we are in session late, they sell a lot of coffee. The coffee is anywhere from the smallest cup costing like 70 cents, and the middle-sized maybe $2, $2.50, and the largest cups are maybe $3 or some-thing like that. If you go to Starbucks you pay a lot more for a cup of coffee than that. You pay as much as $5 at Starbucks, I am told by a friend of mine who buys his coffee there, but I bought a cup of coffee here today and it was a little more than $2 for a middle- sized cup of coffee. 
As it turns out, if we actually raised 
the user fee—the gas tax and the diesel tax—for 4 cents a year, which is what D
ICKDURBIN and I are calling for, 4 
cents a year for 4 years, and the Fed-eral gas tax has been 18 cents for 22 years. Since 1993 it has been 18 cents. It is not worth 18 cents anymore because of inflation. It is worth less than a dime. The diesel tax is about 23 cents. It is not worth 23 cents anymore. It has been that since 1993. It is worth less than 15 cents. In the meantime, the price of concrete is up, asphalt is up, steel is up, labor is up, and the major way, the principal way we pay for roads, highways, bridges, and transit frankly has greatly diminished in value. 
If we were to actually raise, as Sen-
ator D
URBIN and I are suggesting, the 
price of these user fees—gas tax, diesel tax—by 4 cents a year for 4 years, that would add 16 cents to the price of gaso-line. For the average driver, that turns out to be on a weekly basis just about the price of a cup of coffee. It works out to be just about the price of a cup of coffee. 
Here is a question I would ask. I 
think if we asked most drivers in this country of ours today when they are sitting in traffic trying to get some-place—whether here in the Mid-Atlan-tic area, up in the Northeast, out on the West Coast or other places—would you be willing, 4 years from now, to be paying an amount of money equal to the price of a cup of coffee in order to spend a lot less time sitting in traffic going nowhere or running into potholes that destroy your tires and your front- end alignment? Would you be willing to pay on a weekly basis the amount of money you spend on a cup of coffee? My guess is most people would say that doesn’t seem like a bad deal. You know what. They would be right because it is not a bad deal. 
I will close with this. I am from Dela-
ware. People here are from all over the country representing their States. Guess what 12 of the 50 States have 
done in the last 2 years—2013, 2014—and those States are mostly red States, with Republican Governors and Repub-lican legislatures. One dozen of those States have raised their user fees. They have raised their user fees and not by a dollar all at once or even a half dollar or a quarter, but they have raised them in some places by pennies, a nickel or more over a couple of years. 
Then last November in those 12 
States they had elections. This is an interesting story. Guess what happened to the State legislators who voted to raise their user fees to actually pay for their roads, highways, and bridges. When they ran for reelection they got reelected. Amazing. They showed polit-ical courage. They did the hard thing. Ninety-five percent of them, Repub-licans, who were running for reelection last November, in those States where they raised the user fees—gas tax, die-sel tax—they got reelected. 
Do you know who didn’t get reelected 
in some of those States? The legisla-tors who voted against raising the user fees, who did not support making in-vestments in transportation. 
How about the Democrats in those 
States? Well, the Democrats in States where they raised the user fees to pay for their transportation investments, almost 90 percent of them won their primary last November, won the gen-eral election, and they got reelected too. They did better than the legisla-tors who voted against those increases. Think about that. 
I like to quote Thomas Jefferson 
from time to time, and Jefferson used to say: If people know the truth, they won’t make a mistake. I would like to think the same thing is true here. If my colleagues and I know the truth, we won’t make a mistake either. People think it is political suicide to vote to raise these user fees and you can’t get reelected by doing the right thing. But you know what. You can. You can, and there is a lot of evidence to show it can happen. 
I will close not with the words of Jef-
ferson but of Mark Twain, who said a lot of things—a lot of funny things— and one of the things he said that I think is especially appropriate is: In the end, tell the truth. You will con-found your critics and amaze your friends. 
The truth is we need to make these 
investments. The other truth is this is not political suicide. At the end of the day, we are actually going to get, I think more often than not, rewarded for doing the hard thing and the right thing. My hope is we will do that, and I will continue to make that case. 
One last great quote, Mr. President. 
Wayne Gretzky—I don’t know if you play much hockey down your way, we play some in Delaware—but Wayne Gretzky said a lot of memorable things in his life—a great hockey player, now retired—and when people would say to him: Mr. Gretzky, why are you such a good hockey player? He would say: I go 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.067 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7260 October 8, 2015 
where the puck will be, not where the 
puck is. Think about that. I go where the puck will be, not where the puck is. 
One of the other things Wayne 
Gretzky said that I especially like is: I miss 100 percent of the shots—talking about taking a shot on the goal—he said: I miss 100 percent of the shots that I never take. Think about that. I miss 100 percent of the shots I never take. 
I am convinced this is a shot worth 
taking. I am going to push very hard to make sure somebody is here, and D
ICK 
DURBIN and my guess is some others, 
too, will come along and will encour-age folks to join us in this effort. This is a just cause. 
I don’t see anybody else waiting in 
line to speak, so with that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SIEGFRIED AND ROY 
∑Mr. REID. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize two incredible entertainers and individuals in the Las Vegas com-munity, Siegfried Fischbacher and Roy Horn, better known as Siegfried and Roy. 
For more than 35 years, this duo 
shared their captivating magic show with visitors and residents of Las Vegas. Their stage presence and the participation of their trained white ti-gers kept audiences coming back for performances unlike any other. Sieg-fried and Roy’s award-winning show at the Mirage Hotel and Casino was en-joyed by children and adults, and it opened the door to family entertain-ment on the Las Vegas Strip. 
Through their celebrity and love of 
animals, Siegfried and Roy have been working to raise awareness for animal conservation and are educating others about endangered species. The white tiger, an animal that became an icon of Siegfried and Roy’s performances, is among those listed as endangered and facing extinction. By establishing the Siegfried and Roy Masters of the Im-possible Foundation, they are taking their efforts to educate, protect, and conserve animals that are endangered and threatened across the globe. 
For the first time in 5 years, Sieg-
fried and Roy’s Secret Garden at the Mirage is welcoming four tiger cubs, Hirah, Maharani, Liberty, and Justice. 
Siegfried and Roy are calling these cubs ‘‘ambassadors of conservation,’’ as they hope these animals will help them share the important message that we must continue to work together to pro-tect endangered species. 
I appreciate Siegfried and Roy’s dedi-
cation to the Las Vegas community and animal conservation. I wish them the best in their future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
POLITICAL PRISONERS 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, much of 
our international focus in recent months has understandably been on Iran and Syria. Both will require fur-ther attention as we make sure Iran complies with the nuclear agreement and try to bring an end to the cata-strophic human suffering in Syria. And we must continue to insist that Russia abide by the Minsk agreement in terri-tory it so brazenly seized in eastern Ukraine. 
But amid these important foreign 
policy challenges, I would like to make sure we do not lose sight of smaller but also important battles for human rights occurring around the world. 
First, let me start with a small na-
tion straddling the lines of Europe and Asia, which many had hoped would strengthen its ties with the community of democracies—Azerbaijan. Since 2014, the government has arrested close to a hundred political prisoners rep-resenting some of the strongest voices for democracy and transparency in the country. 
Many of those who currently sit in 
prison on trumped-up charges such as tax evasion, fraud, and even treason in-clude noted human rights defenders like Leyla and Arif Yunus, Rasul Jafarov, Intigam Aliyev, and Anar Mammadli. They worked tirelessly be-fore their arrests on issues trying to strengthen the country’s democratic institutions. 
Just recently, the Organization of 
Security and Co-operation in Europe, or OSCE, announced that it is can-celing its mission to monitor the up-coming parliamentary elections due to restrictions imposed by the govern-ment. Without the OSCE’s mission, the likelihood for free and fair elections in November is obviously diminished. 
The Azeri Government has been par-
ticularly aggressive in quashing free-dom of the press, notably arresting in 2014 Khadija Ismayilova, one of the country’s top investigative reporters. For years she exposed secret connec-tions between President Alivey’s im-mediate family and business dealings, including the privatized state airline, the nation’s biggest telecom provider, and massive construction projects. 
As a result of her work, she faced re-
peated threats, hidden cameras in her home, and even attempted blackmail by crudely posted videos of private mo-ments with her boyfriend; yet as the Washington Post recently reported on its front page, she pressed forward, be-lieving that the Azeri public had a 
right to know about corruption at the highest levels of their government. 
Two weeks later, Khadija’s employer, 
Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, was raided and shut down. Its staff has faced repeated harassment and some have even left the country out of con-cern for their safety. Recently she was sentenced to 7.5 years in prison on what can only be seen as a blatant at-tempt to halt her work. 
The U.S. State Department, the 
OSCE, and the European Union Par-liament have all called on Azerbaijan to release its political prisoners. And in July, 15 of my Senate colleagues joined me in a letter to Azeri President Aliyev expressing concern that the space for civil society and the freedom of press within the country is dimin-ishing. I call on Aliyev here today to not further jeopardize his ties to the West by continuing these authoritarian actions against his own people. 
Next, let me turn to Latin America 
where we continue to see democratic backsliding in a number of countries. 
First, Ecuador, where President 
Correa has seemingly no tolerance for criticism and a troubling habit of harassing the media and restricting freedom of association and the press. It is not clear why Correa, who has a large majority in the parliament, has to take such draconian and undemo-cratic measures. 
For example, over the years, the po-
lice have raided the homes of journal-ists working to expose government cor-ruption and shut down an environ-mental organization critical of the re-gime’s extractive policies. Government thugs have harassed and intimidated Twitter users who criticize the govern-ment. And Correa recently seemed set to force the closure of Fundamedios, a respected NGO that promotes freedom of the press. 
The NGO’s crime? Tweeting links to 
two political editorials critical of the Ecuadoran government. 
Facing strong international con-
demnation, it now appears Correa has decided to back off this ill-suited ven-detta against Fundamedios. 
And in Venezuela the other week, 
leading opposition figure Leopoldo Lopez, who had already been sitting in jail for 19 months on absurd political charges, was sentenced to almost 14 years. 
Equally troubling is what the Ven-
ezuelan regime has done to Judge Maria Lourdes Afiuni, who tried to maintain a semblance of judicial inde-pendence. She was shamelessly jailed after releasing a defendant who had been detained for 3 years without charges and swiftly charged with cor-ruption and abuse of authority. Afiuni sat in jail for 2 years next to violent prisoners she had once sentenced. 
While in prison, she was brutally 
raped and became pregnant—her body terribly destroyed by the violence. She was granted house arrest to recover from emergency surgery. And today 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.079 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7261 October 8, 2015 
she must still report to the authorities 
every 15 days and cannot leave the country or speak to the news media. Incredibly, Venezuela’s Attorney Gen-eral denied in Geneva there was a com-plaint for sexual abuse and torture in-volving Afiuni. 
I know U.N. Ambassador Samantha 
Power has taken on this case. I want to join that effort and call for her uncon-ditional release and exoneration. 
Venezuelan President Maduro is pre-
siding over the near collapse of his once proud nation, manufacturing in-ternal and external enemies to explain his own government’s economic mis-management. 
Not only has his government sen-
tenced Lopez to jail, but it has also started a border dispute with Colom-bia, embarrassingly trying to further deflect attention from its own disas-trous policies. 
Furthering more division and repres-
sion will only make things worse. I know this administration and others in the region have tried to offer paths for-ward for Maduro, but I fear he is head-ing in the opposite direction with Lopez’s sentencing. 
Now, some of you may remember the 
international outrage that occurred when writer and activist Raif Badawi was sentenced to 1,000 public lashes and 10 years in prison on blasphemy and apostasy charges in Saudi Arabia. 
You may also recall his brother-in- 
law and lawyer, human rights activist Waleed Abu al-Khair, who was sen-tenced to 15 years in prison by Jeddah’s specialized criminal court for inciting public opinion and undermining the state. 
These imprisonments—and both their 
dubious charges and inhumane punish-ments—were denounced around the world by reputable human rights orga-nizations, foreign governments, and many others. 
Our State Department called for the 
release of both Raif and Waleed, and in Congress, I was joined by seven of my Senate colleagues in writing to the late King Abdullah urging their release. Sixty-seven of my colleagues in the House did the same months later when King Salman became the new leader of Saudi Arabia. And just the other day, Badawi was awarded the PEN Literary Award. 
We have a longstanding friendship 
with the Saudi regime, and friends do at times disagree. But it is because of the nature of our friendship that I be-lieve we have an obligation to encour-age Saudi Arabia to do better—to up-hold basic human rights for free speech, for women, for religious mi-norities, for foreign workers, and countless others. 
I hope the new King, King Salman, 
will show compassion and bring an end to Saudi Arabia’s troubling human rights record. 
And last, let me mention some hope-
ful steps in Belarus, where recently the last candidate who ran in 2010 for President against strongman President Lukashenko, was finally released from 
jail. 
Michael Statkevich was released 
after nearly 5 years and, coinciden-tally, just days after he had passed the deadline to be an eligible opposition candidate for the next Presidential election. 
You see on the eve of the 2010 elec-
tion—an election that could have brought an end to the distinction of being the last dictatorship in Europe— Lukashenko had seven candidates ar-rested and thrown in jail—not much of an incentive to be a candidate. 
Sadly, such repression and election 
manipulation has been the norm in Belarus which incredibly still operates its own KGB to enforce political re-pression. 
However, Belarus has another elec-
tion coming up next week on October 11. I want President Lukashenko to know that the world is watching and hoping that this time it will be a free and legitimate election worthy of the Belarussian people. 
f 
REMEMBERING PAT JOHNS 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last 
month, Illinois—and America—lost a legend. Pat Johns passed away at the age of 66. Pat Johns was from my home State of Illinois. He was born in Aurora and raised in Plano. Known as the ‘‘Master of Disaster,’’ Pat was em-ployed with Catholic Relief Services, based in Baltimore, for 30 years. In that time he was on the ground in some of the world’s most dangerous war zones and humanitarian emer-gency areas. 
Pat Johns was a soldier, but not in 
the traditional sense—he didn’t even carry a gun. He was a soldier of peace, armed only with the virtue of his mis-sion. And his mission took him to places like the killing fields of Cam-bodia, the Ethiopian famine, the Rwan-dan genocide, Somalia, Kosovo, and Eritrea. And when natural disasters oc-curred like the Asian tsunami, Hurri-cane Katrina, or the earthquake in Haiti, Pat Johns was there—with en-ergy, hope, and solutions. 
In 1974, Pat joined Catholic Relief 
Services and was posted in Cambodia. Two years later, he was managing a staff of 400 people. To say that Pat faced a challenge in Cambodia would be a gross understatement. The Khmer Rouge Army was storming its way to-ward the capitol of Phnom Penh and the Vietnam war was raging next door. Pat’s job included working shifts of 50 hours or more and getting food and supplies to nearly 2 million refugees seeking safe haven from the Khmer Rouge’s advances. He endured miser-able tropical weather and survived ma-laria, all while keeping tens of thou-sands of refugees alive. When asked about the experience, he said, ‘‘The whole experience, in Cambodia really drove home my niche in life.’’ 
Many may have quit, but not Pat 
Johns. Instead, he dedicated his life to serving those in desperate need in the 
most dangerous parts of the planet. In doing so, Pat Johns saved millions of people from war-torn countries, fed the starving, and promoted peace and jus-tice all over the world—what an inspi-ration. 
Last spring, I gave the commence-
ment address at my nephew’s high school graduation. I asked the students to think about what they wanted peo-ple to say about their lives. I asked them, ‘‘What will you be remembered for? What service did you render to your community? Your nation? Your world?’’ The great thing about living in America is we can choose the answers to those questions. 
Pat Johns will be remembered for 
many things: living through war, fam-ine, natural disasters, incredible human suffering; and for bringing hope to victims everywhere he went. But Sean Callahan, chief operating officer for Catholic Relief Services, put it best. He said, ‘‘Perhaps the greatest thing about Pat was that he was a gen-tleman and a greatly caring person. He could work nonstop for 50 hours in ter-rible conditions, but still have the heart to offer comfort and friendship to those around him.’’ That’s a legacy to be proud of. 
Today, the best way we can honor 
Pat Johns is by continuing his life’s work. We need this generation of Americans to live up to the example set by Pat Johns. We have big shoes to fill, but Pat showed us that, with the right commitment, we can get it done. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, we have 
all been deeply shaken by the horrific tragedies in Charleston and Roseburg and by all the mass killings that now occur with alarming regularity. The American people overwhelmingly sup-port commonsense reforms that will keep firearms out of the hands of criminals and dangerous individuals; yet in response to mass shootings, too often Congress slips into a familiar cycle of shock, sorrow and, ultimately, inaction. Some in Congress pretend that there are no solutions; others claim that any restriction aimed at keeping guns out of the hands of dan-gerous people represents an affront to the Second Amendment. They are wrong. 
Many, many Americans have had 
enough. We will not be satisfied by those who only offer their sympathies. And we will not be lulled into inaction. 
While I was chairman of the Senate 
Judiciary Committee last Congress, we addressed gun violence head-on. In the wake of the horrifying and senseless murder of 26 people, including 20 chil-dren, at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, CT, I and all Democratic members on the committee resolved to pass sensible reforms to protect our communities. We were moved by the powerful words of former Congress-woman Gabrielle Giffords calling on us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.030 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7262 October 8, 2015 
to act, and we reported out legislation 
that would punish criminals who traf-fic in firearms and would close back-ground check loopholes. This included my bipartisan legislation to prevent criminals from using straw purchasers who exploit weak background check laws in order to funnel firearms to criminals. Our efforts were strongly supported by the American public, but Senate Republicans blocked these com-monsense reforms on the Senate floor. 
It has been more than 3 months since 
Democratic members of the Judiciary Committee called for a hearing in the wake of the tragedy in Charleston, SC. I hope the majority will soon schedule this hearing so that we can have a con-structive discussion on gun violence that has shaken too many commu-nities and too many families. But if we truly want to make a difference, we must work together to build consensus around solutions to gun violence. I will work with anyone interested in pre-venting these tragedies, and I will soon reintroduce my legislation to strength-en our straw purchasing and firearm trafficking laws. 
Like many Vermonters, I grew up 
with firearms, and I have enormous re-spect for the freedoms the Second Amendment protects. None of the con-cepts put forward by the Democratic caucus threaten the Second Amend-ment rights of lawful gun owners. But American lives are threatened when our laws do not protect them. This need not be a partisan issue, and we must work together. 
Our country desperately needs mean-
ingful reform now. The toll that gun violence takes on our communities is too great. It is past time for Congress to act. The American people should not have to wait until the next tragedy. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR WAR CRIMES IN SRI 
LANKA 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, earlier 
this week the distinguished ranking member of the Foreign Relations Com-mittee, Senator C
ARDIN , spoke about 
the opportunity for the United States and Sri Lanka to expand economic and security cooperation and the need for accountability for war crimes and rec-onciliation between ethnic and reli-gious factions in that country. I want to join him in expressing support for the aspirations of the Sri Lankan peo-ple for reconciliation, justice, and equi-table economic development. 
Last week the United Nations Human 
Rights Council adopted a resolution which, if faithfully implemented, could be the basis for a meaningful and long overdue international role in Sri Lanka to hold accountable those in-volved in war crimes and crimes against humanity during that coun-try’s brutal civil war. 
After so many false starts, so many 
investigations and reports that docu-mented widespread atrocities by both sides in the conflict, including rape, ar-bitrary detention, torture, the use of child soldiers, summary executions, 
shelling of civilians, and forced dis-appearances were ignored; and after recommendations to bring those re-sponsible to justice were ignored, the U.N. resolution affirms that the Sri Lankan Government needs to put in place a judicial mechanism with inter-national participation. 
The resolution refers to the recent 
report by the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, which documented horrific abuses by the Sri Lankan Armed Forces and LTTE rebels and the government’s fail-ure over decades to punish those re-sponsible. Among the report’s key rec-ommendations is the establishment of a special court ‘‘integrating inter-national judges, prosecutors, lawyers and investigators’’ with an independent Sri Lankan investigative and pros-ecuting body. No other mechanism would have the credibility and inde-pendence to deliver real justice. 
Let me repeat that because it is so 
important: No other mechanism would have the credibility and independence to deliver real justice. The refusal of past Sri Lankan Governments to ac-cept this premise and to recognize that no one, including the armed forces, is above the law, is why so far no one has been held accountable. 
To its credit, President Maithrapala 
Sirisena’s government cosponsored the resolution, which was presented ini-tially to the U.N. Human Rights Coun-cil by the United States, United King-dom, Montenegro, and Macedonia. The resolution, regarding a ‘‘credible judi-cial process,’’ ‘‘affirms the importance of participation in a Sri Lankan judi-cial mechanism, including the Special Counsel’s office, of Commonwealth and other foreign judges, defense lawyers, and authorized prosecutors and inves-tigators.’’ Having cosponsored the reso-lution, the government should estab-lish without delay a special tribunal that brings together international in-vestigators, prosecutors, and judges with Sri Lankan counterparts who are protected from outside pressure and in-timidation, as well as a program to protect witnesses. The United States could provide assistance for such an ef-fort. 
The government will also need to en-
sure that violations of international law, including war crimes, disappear-ances, torture, and the concept of com-mand responsibility, are incorporated into Sri Lankan law, so that charges brought reflect the severity of the crimes and target those most respon-sible. 
I have spoken previously about Presi-
dent Sirisena’s initial accomplish-ments, including the adoption of the 19th Amendment to the constitution, which curtails the extensive powers en-joyed by the Executive and vests more power in the parliament, limits the Presidential term to 5 years instead of 6, and allows the President to hold of-fice only for two terms instead of an unlimited number of terms. Unlike the previous government, 
which persecuted its critics and locked up after sham trials journalists who ex-posed corruption, President Sirisena has taken steps to reaffirm freedom of 
the press. Under the previous govern-ment, Sri Lanka’s judicial system was politicized and corrupted. The new gov-ernment is taking steps to reestablish the independence of the judiciary, which is fundamental to any democ-racy. And, as has been reported, the Government of Sri Lanka has accepted many recommendations to improve the human rights situation, including a re-peal of the draconian Prevention of Terrorism Act and reforms to the Wit-ness and Victim Protection Law, both long called for by victims’ rights groups. The government has agreed to accelerate the return of lands con-fiscated by the security forces; to end the military’s involvement in civilian activities in the country’s north and east; to investigate allegations of at-tacks on civil society, the media, and religious minorities; and to work to-ward devolution of authority from Colombo, consistent with the 13th amendment to the constitution. 
President Sirisena has sought to 
erase the worst excesses and abuses of his predecessor and put his country on a path to reconciliation and prosperity. For this he deserves our support. The sooner the government makes good on these commitments, the better, as the Sri Lankan people have waited a very long time for a government that is se-rious about reconciliation, which means addressing the ethnic, religious, social, economic, and political divi-sions and inequalities that were at the root of the conflict. 
The U.N. resolution is far from per-
fect. It has been pointed out that it lacks adequate provisions for inter-national oversight of implementation of its terms. The resolution only calls for an oral update from the High Com-missioner in June 2016 and a written implementation report in March 2017. The United States should not wait until next June to report to Congress on the government’s progress in com-plying with the terms of the resolu-tion. Despite its shortcomings, the U.N. resolution points the way forward. A great deal of work lies ahead. More than 6 years have passed since the war ended. Physical evidence has been lost or destroyed, people’s memories fade, and witnesses die. But the Sri Lankan people, and particularly those who suf-fered grievous losses in the war, should take solace from the fact that the international community has not for-gotten them and that their own gov-ernment may be ready to take the nec-essary steps to restore accountability and the rule of law to Sri Lanka. 
f 
PALESTINIAN TERRORISM 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, my 
thoughts and prayers are with the Israeli people who are enduring a new escalation of Palestinian terrorism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.043 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7263 October 8, 2015 
Last Thursday evening, a mother and 
father were murdered in front of their four children ages 9, 7, 4, and 4 months when Hamas terrorists opened fire on their car. A few days later, another Jewish family was walking in the Old City of Jerusalem after praying at the Western Wall when a Palestinian ter-rorist went on a stabbing attack. He murdered the father, along with an-other courageous man who rushed to the scene to the family’s aid. Both men leave behind their wives and nine chil-dren. In addition to the four murdered, many more Israelis have been seriously wounded from car-ramming, rock- throwing, and brutal knife and screw-driver stabbing attacks in what ap-pears to be a fresh horror—an epidemic of low-tech, brutal attacks by mili-tants who are acting on their own ini-tiative. 
These attacks have been incubated 
by the continued incitement and glori-fication of violence by the Palestinian leadership, most recently by President Mahmoud Abbas during his address at the United Nations General Assembly. He still has yet to categorically con-demn these attacks. It is long past time for the United States and the international community to hold the Palestinians accountable for their in-citement and support for terrorism, in-cluding through the financial payment to Palestinian terrorists who are jailed in Israel for committing acts of ter-rorism. 
In yet another stark reminder of how 
closely our nations are connected in this fight, the father murdered last Thursday, Eitam Henkin, was a dual Israeli-American citizen. The terrorist who killed him did not care, as his sole intent was to kill Jews, not to engage in a political process. There is no moral equivalence between Palestinian terrorism and the obligation of Israel to act in defense of its people. To the Israeli people, especially those who are victims of terrorism and their families: I proudly stand in solidarity with you during this challenging time. 
f 
OBSERVING HISPANIC HERITAGE 
MONTH 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize Hispanic Heritage Month, a time to honor the many tra-ditions and contributions of America’s vibrant Hispanic community. This spe-cial time is celebrated from September 15 to October 15 and honors the many Americans whose ancestors originate from Spain, Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America, and South America. I am proud to recognize this month in honor of the many Hispanic Americans who contribute so much to commu-nities across our state and country. 
Hispanic Americans make up the 
largest ethnic minority throughout our Nation, as well as in Nevada. This com-munity is an integral part of our State, helping shape our economy, trade, cul-ture, and intrinsic Nevada footprint. I am thankful for the hard work and dedication of the many Hispanic Amer-
icans whose perseverance has greatly impacted the success of the Silver State. That is why I recently cospon-sored a resolution recognizing Hispanic Heritage Month and the fundamental role Hispanic Americans have in the accomplishments of the United States. I am proud to support legislative ef-forts that distinguish the immense ef-forts brought forth by this community. 
Hispanic Americans play a critical 
role in our Nation’s identity, especially in 2015. As of August 2015, Latino work-ers represented nearly 17 percent of the workforce and exhibited the largest percentage of labor force participation of any ethnic group with nearly 63 per-cent. This community is made up of hard-working physicians, surgeons, chief business executives, lawyers, edu-cators, and many other professionals crucial to the success of our country. Latinos represent one in four public school students and 19 percent of col-lege students between the ages of 18 and 24. Hispanic Americans have served the United States in every war, helping bring freedom and democracy to our country. As of July 2015, 164,000 Active- Duty servicemembers from the His-panic community served and continue to serve our country, maintaining these principal values. The vast influ-ence this community has had on our great Nation warrants only the great-est gratitude. 
I ask that today and throughout the 
rest of this time set aside for Hispanic Heritage Month, we recognize the many contributions that the Hispanic community brings. I join citizens across the Silver State in thanking the many Hispanic Americans who have brought greater strength to our State and our Nation. 
f 
OBSERVING THE 104TH NATIONAL 
DAY OF THE REPUBLIC OF CHINA, TAIWAN 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, today I 
rise to recognize the 104th National Day of the Republic of China, Taiwan, to take place on October 10, 2015. 
As a longstanding supporter of Tai-
wan, I believe the occasion of its Na-tional Day is an appropriate time for us to consider our special relationship with Taiwan and the Taiwanese people. 
The United States and Taiwan have 
fostered a mutually beneficial relation-ship over the years based on shared democratic values and common stra-tegic interests. Taiwan is a fine exam-ple of democracy in the Asia-Pacific re-gion and is a trusted friend and trading partner to the United States. Our rela-tionship has realized far-reaching eco-nomic and cultural benefits, and I hope that our bonds continue to grow in the years to come. 
It is a sincere privilege to offer my 
compliments to the people of Taiwan 
on this very special occasion. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I would 
like to take time to recognize that Oc-tober 10, 2015, will be the 104th National Day of the Republic of China, Taiwan. Over the years, the United States and 
Taiwan have maintained a strong rela-tionship based on common values and global interests. I hope to see Taiwan remain a strong ally and trade partner for many years to come as we look to-wards a mutually prosperous future. 
It is a great pleasure to extend my 
best wishes to the people of Taiwan on this special day. 
f 
OBSERVING INTERNATIONAL DAY 
OF THE GIRL 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, Sun-
day, October 11, 2015, is the Inter-national Day of the Girl. Started 4 years ago, this day is an effort to raise awareness of issues of gender inequal-ity around the world. This year the theme is ‘‘The Power of the Adolescent Girl.’’ As the father of three daughters and two granddaughters, I am keenly aware of the power of our girls, as well as the challenges that they face. 
For these reasons, I was proud to wel-
come a delegation of young women from Arkansas to my office in July. These ladies were attending a leader-ship summit here in Washington, D.C., and came to my office to advocate on issues related to human trafficking, gender-based violence, childhood edu-cation, and more. I am very proud of them and their efforts to fight the problems girls face around the world. 
Across the globe, girls and young 
women face incredible odds and chal-lenges. Over the last 15 years, work by the United States and our partners has resulted in real change. Girls are now more likely than ever to enroll in pri-mary school and receive important vaccinations and are much less likely to suffer health and nutritional prob-lems than ever before. It is important that we continue these efforts, along with our partners, to solidify the gains that we have made and reach for even greater successes. 
I thank the young women from Ar-
kansas and across the country who are making the crucial effort to advocate for those who do not have a voice. I look forward to working with my col-leagues to ensure that our children in-herit a world of increased possibilities. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DETECTIVE WILLIAM 
J. ZIMMERMAN 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask my 
colleagues to join me in congratulating an extraordinary public servant, Detec-tive William ‘‘Bill’’ Zimmerman, as he retires from the United States Capitol Police force, USCP. 
For 32 years, Detective Zimmerman 
has served the USCP with great dis-tinction, including 28 years with the threat assessment section, the division responsible for investigating threats made against Members of Congress and their families. 
To every challenge, Detective Zim-
merman brought unparalleled skill and dedication, ultimately helping to es-tablish programs for threat assessment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.044 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7264 October 8, 2015 
and management programs that are 
used by other law enforcement agen-cies across the United States and in Great Britain. Detective Zimmerman served as the first president of the Washington, D.C., chapter of the Asso-ciation of Threat Assessment Profes-sionals, and in 2004, he became the in-augural recipient of the association’s distinguished Meritorious Service Award. 
Throughout his career, Detective 
Zimmerman consistently went above and beyond the call of duty to protect and serve. For my office, Detective Zimmerman was often our go-to person in an emergency, and he always han-dled any situation with profes-sionalism, commitment, passion, and calm. Detective Zimmerman is not only the consummate professional, he is also a wonderful human being, and his well-deserved retirement is a huge loss for Congress. 
Ralph Waldo Emerson said, ‘‘To 
know one life has breathed easier be-cause you have lived, that is to have succeeded.’’ By that and every other measure, Detective Zimmerman had a remarkably successful career, and I congratulate him, thank him, and wish him all the best as he begins the next exciting chapter. 
f 
JOINT EMPLOYER DECISION 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of my remarks to 
the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions at the hearing ti-tled, ‘‘Stealing the Dream of Business Ownership: The NLRB’s Joint Em-ployer decision.’’ 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JOINT EMPLOYER DECISION  
This morning we are having a hearing 
about the recent National Labor Relations Board decision that threatens to steal the American dream from owners of the nation’s 780,000 franchise businesses and millions of contractors. 
We will also discuss the legislation I have 
introduced to undo this decision. 
Last week, I met a man named Aslam 
Khan. He is an immigrant from Pakistan who started out as a dishwasher at Church’s Chicken and who today has become a very successful owner of Church’s Chicken fran-chises. 
He talked about achieving the American 
Dream. He said it was possible because of our nation’s ‘‘free enterprise, entrepreneurial spirit.’’ 
But on August 27, the National Labor Rela-
tions Board released a decision that threat-ens to steal the American dream from own-ers of the nation’s 780,000 franchise busi-nesses and millions of contractors. 
It threatens to destroy that free enter-
prise, entrepreneurial spirit. 
The labor board’s new ‘‘joint employer’’ 
standard will make big businesses bigger and make the middle class smaller by discour-aging larger companies from franchising and contracting work to small businesses. 
It is the biggest attack on the opportunity 
for small businessmen and women in this country to make their way into the middle class that we’ve seen in a long, long time— 
and I am committed to fighting it with legis-lation that already has 45 cosponsors in the Senate and bipartisan support in the House. 
For three decades, federal labor policies 
have held that two separate employers are 
‘‘joint employers’’ if both have direct and immediate control over employment terms and working conditions. 
That means two employers who are both 
responsible for tasks like hiring and firing, setting work hours, issuing direction to em-ployees, determining compensation and han-dling day to day record keeping. 
Under the new ‘‘joint employer’’ standard 
adopted in August in Browning Ferris Indus-tries, a 3–2 NLRB majority said that merely indirect control or even unexercised poten-tial to control working conditions could make a franchisee and franchisor joint em-ployers. 
That means that for all these franchisees 
and contractors who have worked so hard to build businesses in their communities, hire the right people, and spend 12 hours a day serving customers, meeting a payroll, deal-ing with government regulations, paying taxes, and trying to make a profit—they will no longer be considered their workers’ sole employer. Rather, they are just one of their workers’ employers. 
And for the businesses that have fran-
chised their brand or used subcontractors to haul their waste or clean their offices—and are now considered one of the employers of those companies’ workers—there will be a huge incentive to retake control of those franchises, and retake control of those con-tracted tasks. Because if you’re going to have all the liability of being the boss, you’re much better off actually being the boss. 
If those businesses stop using franchisees 
and subcontractors, their costs go up. The system of letting other businesses invest their capital in carrying forward your busi-ness goal evaporates. 
When costs go up, these businesses lose 
their ability to grow and create more jobs. 
As joint employers, business owners will be 
forced to engage in collective bargaining and share liability for labor law violations. 
As this new standard is applied, we will 
learn just how much liability an employer will face for another employer’s decisions. Will she be required to contribute to healthcare costs, workers compensation and pension funds? Will this scheme mean new ‘‘joint employers’’ will be on the hook for no-toriously underfunded multi-employer pen-sion plans? 
As if facing legal liability for another em-
ployer’s labor problems isn’t bad enough, the Administration is about to make it even more costly. 
The President and his Department of 
Labor are currently in the process of final-izing regulations that will increase the im-pact of having labor law violations on your record if you want to contract with the fed-eral government. 
Under the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces 
regulation, labor law violations will be counted against federal contractors when they bid for contracts. 
This change also harms employees: Millions of employees will lose the ability 
to negotiate things like pay, hours and leave time with their direct supervisor, because those decisions will now be made between the larger employer and the union. 
As one employee put it in an interview 
with a local Denver news channel: ‘‘I would be just another number to a corporation. I’m a person to my employer now.’’ 
Franchising will be particularly impacted 
by this decision. 
In my opinion, this is one of the biggest at-
tacks on the opportunity for small business-men and women in this country to make 
their way into the middle class that we’ve seen. 
There are 780,000 franchise establishments 
across this country—and they create nearly 9 million jobs. 
Last week I met with a Chattanooga, Ten-
nessee, couple who started their own franchisee location of ‘‘Two Men and a Truck,’’ a moving company. 
With hard work and commitment, they 
have been able to grow that first franchise into 6 locations. They would like to continue growing but this new NLRB decision is caus-ing them to put those plans on hold. 
The Two Men and a Truck franchisor is an 
excellent example of how franchising allow entry into business ownership and the mid-dle class. It was started in Michigan by a mom who had two sons she was ready to put to work. Her first franchisee was her daugh-ter. 
It has now grown to 220 franchisees, who 
have created 8,000 jobs. 
38 percent of their franchisees began by 
working on a truck. 
75 percent of Two Men and Truck managers 
began by working on a truck. 
Successfully operating a franchise business 
is today one of the most important ways to climb the ladder of success. 
The International Franchise Association 
estimates that every $1 million in lending to starting or growing franchisees creates 40 jobs. 
Franchising has been a way for many 
women and minorities to jump into business ownership. 
Women own or co-own nearly half of all 
franchise businesses. 
Minorities own about 20 percent of all fran-
chises. 
Why would the NLRB want to cut off this 
business model, as well as the opportunity of millions of small, local subcontractors to work with larger companies? 
The Protecting Local Business Oppor-
tunity Act (S. 2015) would roll back the NLRB ruling and reaffirm that an employer must exercise actual, direct and immediate control over essential terms and conditions of employment. 
This is the commonsense standard that has 
been applied for decades. 
We have 45 cosponsors on S. 2015 already, 
and 60 cosponsors on the House bill, includ-ing 3 House Democrats. I hope we will be able to add more. 
This is an issue that is so important—I be-
lieve that Congress must act as soon as pos-sible to stop this destructive policy change from damaging the middle class growth that has made this nation what it is today. 
I hope my colleagues on both sides of the 
aisle will agree. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING BOB WHEELER 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today 
we honor the life and service of Bob Wheeler, whose passing signifies a great loss to Nevada. I send my condo-lences and prayers to his wife, M.J., and all of Mr. Wheeler’s family in this time of mourning. Mr. Wheeler was a man of great wisdom, committed to his family, his country, his State, and his community. He will be greatly missed. 
Mr. Wheeler joined the U.S. Air 
Force in November of 1962, serving in the pararescue career field. Through-out his tenure, Mr. Wheeler remained 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.038 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7265 October 8, 2015 
dedicated and worked his way up to 
chief of pararescue. He was recognized as a true innovator in his leadership position, opening the door for free-fall parachuting and combat tactics. He led by example, working diligently and earnestly to help those around him and to protect our country. 
Mr. Wheeler is credited with saving 
28 lives throughout his career, includ-ing vulnerable aviators who had crashed and distressed seamen in the Vietnam war. He was distinguished in his military decorations, which in-cluded the Distinguished Flying Cross for Valor, the Airman’s Medal, numer-ous commendation medals, 17 Air Med-als, and SEA services ribbons. During the Cold War, Mr. Wheeler participated in a high-risk scuba jump mission to save civilian lives. His courage and success throughout the mission earned him not only Yugoslavia’s ‘‘Nation’s Life Saving Award’’ but also the admi-ration of the Government and people of Yugoslavia. Mr. Wheeler retired from the U.S. Air Force in 1982. His acco-lades are well deserved, and his bravery in achieving them will never be forgot-ten. 
I had the pleasure of working with 
Mr. Wheeler personally, as he served on my Northern Nevada Veterans Advi-sory Council. We worked as a team, along with the rest of the council, to help improve resources for Nevada’s veteran community. Mr. Wheeler had a vast understanding of Nevada’s tight- knit veteran community and was al-ways there to take a stand for those who served. His firsthand knowledge of combat and veterans needs could never be replicated—he was one of a kind, and I am thankful to have had him as an ally in helping Nevada’s veterans. 
I extend my deepest sympathies to 
M.J. and all of Mr. Wheeler’s family. We will always remember him for his courageous contributions to the United States of America. His service to his country and dedication to his family and community earn him a place among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly defended our Nation. His legacy of unwavering bravery and genuine compassion will live on for years to come. 
Throughout his life, Mr. Wheeler 
maintained a dedication to keeping this great Nation safe and to helping Nevada’s veteran community. I am honored to commend his many con-tributions and achievements. His patri-otism and drive will never be forgotten. Today, I join citizens across the Silver State in celebrating the life of an up-standing Nevadan, Bob Wheeler. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING HAROLD CASKEY 
∑Mrs. M CCASKILL. Mr. President, I 
wish to honor Harold Caskey, a former Missouri State senator of Butler in Bates County, MO, with whom I had the great pleasure of serving in the Missouri General Assembly. Harold was one of Missouri’s most influential leg-islators. Harold was known by many as ‘‘the old lion’’—a reference to his 
doggedness in debating. A dedicated public servant, Harold will be remem-bered for his love of family, his com-munity in western and west central Missouri, and the State. Harold was blind, but he never let this prevent him from succeeding. Harold was a whip smart, strategic, loyal and hard-work-
ing man who conquered adversity. The State of Missouri has lost a special man, and he will be greatly missed and never duplicated. 
Harold was born in Hume, MO, in 
1938. During childhood, Harold became legally blind due to a genetic condi-tion, but this did not prevent him from being a stellar student and becoming his high school’s senior class valedic-torian. He attended Central Missouri State University at Warrensburg, now the University of Central Missouri, where he graduated magna cum laude with dual majors in psychology and so-ciology. He then earned his law degree at the University of Missouri-Colum-bia, where he was elected to the Order of the Coif. 
After earning his law degree, Harold 
started practicing law in the office of former Missouri State Senator William Cason in Clinton. In 1965, Harold start-ed his own law practice in Butler. He was elected prosecutor for Bates Coun-ty in 1967 and served three terms, end-ing in 1973. Harold continued his public service by serving as the city attorney for the communities of Butler and Rich Hill from 1973 to 1976. Harold was also an assistant professor in law enforce-ment and business education at North-east Missouri State University, now Truman State University, in Kirksville. 
Harold began his tenure in the Mis-
souri Senate after winning election in 1976 and served for 28 years before re-tiring in 2004 due to newly enacted term limits. He was chairman of the Senate Civil and Criminal Jurispru-dence Committee and the Senate Eth-ics Committee and vice chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. In the Missouri Senate, he was a tireless advocate for rural public education and sponsored influential public school laws, such as the 1993 Outstanding Schools Act, which significantly in-creased state public school funding and mandated higher school standards. As a member of the Missouri Commission on Performance, Harold advised the State Department of Elementary and Secondary Education on education re-form and school finance. Harold had great influence over Missouri’s crimi-nal justice laws by increasing sen-tences for the most violent and, at the end of his term, sponsoring a sen-tencing reform bill that reduced some sentences for less serious offenders. He was also a passionate leader and advo-cate for the visually impaired and dis-abled. Harold served as vice chairman of the Missouri State Capitol Commis-sion until his passing. 
Harold received numerous honors for 
his legislative accomplishments, in-cluding recognitions from the Missouri 
Planning Council for Developmental Disabilities, the Public Telecommuni-cations Association of Missouri, the Missouri Deputy Sheriffs Association, the Judicial Conference of Missouri, the Missouri Association of Counties, the Missouri Association of Phar-macists, the Missouri Association of Prosecuting Attorneys, the Missouri Cable Television Association, the Mis-souri Crime Commission, the Missouri Police Chiefs’ Association, the Amer-ican Business Women’s Association, and the Cooperating School Districts of Suburban Kansas City. 
Outside his work as an elected offi-
cial, Harold’s dedication to his commu-nity was passionate and unselfish as he served in countless ways, including as a member of the Rotary Club of Butler, the Missouri Bar Association, the Cres-cent Hill Masonic Lodge No. 368 A.F. and A.M., the Scottish Rite of Free Ma-sonry in the Valley of Orient in Kansas City, MO, and the Ararat Shrine. He was also an honorary fellow of the Harry S. Truman Library Institute for National and International Affairs, a member of the Bates County Memorial Hospital Board of Trustees, and a mem-ber of Butler First Baptist Church. 
Harold is survived by his wife, Kay; 
son, Kyle; sister, Velma Elaine May; and brothers, Robert, Leon, and Ray Lee. I witnessed firsthand his strong leadership and tenacious commitment to issues he cared about. I am grateful for the wisdom, knowledge, and lessons Harold shared with me. He made me a better legislator and public servant. While one might have seen Harold as intimidating or stern, he was secretly a sweet softie—kind and gentle. 
I am deeply saddened by his passing 
and join his family and friends in re-flecting on his many life accomplish-ments. Harold touched the lives of many and will be remembered as an in-valuable public servant to the State of Missouri and an inspiration to all. 
I ask that the Senate join me in hon-
oring Harold Caskey. ∑ 
(At the request of Mr. L
EE, the fol-
lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE TAMPA BAY 
ESTUARY PROGRAM 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize and commend the Tampa Bay Estuary Program and its historic mile-stone in exceeding a 23-year goal by re-storing more than 40,000 acres of sea grass in Tampa Bay. This outstanding accomplishment represents the great collaborative work to restore one of the greatest treasures this Nation has to offer, Florida’s Gulf Coast. The im-proved estuary will have an immeas-urable impact on the future of the State’s environment and economy. 
Since its establishment in 1991, the 
Tampa Bay Estuary Program has partnered with the Southwest Florida Water Management District and other state and local municipalities and local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.040 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7266 October 8, 2015 
businesses to restore and protect Flor-
ida’s largest open water estuary. As the Tampa Bay region is home to a population of more than 2 million peo-ple, this valuable estuary serves as a diverse ecosystem for plant and wild-life and is an economic driver for the region. 
After decades of voluntary effort, I 
am proud to learn how successful the Tampa Bay Estuary Program was in its environmental restoration by exceed-ing its original goal in recovering seagrass, to improve fish and wildlife populations, and to maintain the high-est quality of water since the 1950s. From 2012 until 2014, the Tampa Bay Estuary Program’s efforts were able to restore 5,000 acres of life-sustaining un-derwater grasses in Tampa Bay, which now total 40,295 acres of seagrasses. This amount significantly surpasses its original goal set in 1995 of harboring 38,000 acres. 
Although Tampa and its surrounding 
cities have seen an increase in popu-lation since 1950, the Tampa Bay Estu-ary Program’s Nitrogen Management Consortium, which includes local gov-ernments and agencies supporting vol-untary environmental recovery, has in-vested over $500 million since the 1990s. The strategy developed by the Consor-tium continues to set standards that could serve as a model for and be im-plemented across the nation in other estuary recovery programs. 
I am proud that the Tampa Bay Estu-
ary Program aided in recovering sea grass in Florida’s Tampa Bay. I whole heartedly commend the Tampa Bay Es-tuary Program on its accomplishments over the past 23 years and wish it fur-ther success in its continued endeavors to protect our natural resources. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:35 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3192. An act to provide for a tem-
porary safe harbor from the enforcement of integrated disclosure requirements for mort-gage loan transactions under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other pur-
poses. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to section 202(a) of the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146), the Minority Leader appoints the fol-lowing individual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Com-mission on Care: Ms. Lucretia M. McClenney of Locust Grove, Virginia. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bills were read the first 
time: 
S. 2165. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to permanently authorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
S. 2169. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to extend the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, October 8, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 986. An act to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the benefit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico. 
S. 1300. An act to amend the section 221 of 
the Immigration and Nationality Act to pro-vide relief for adoptive families from immi-grant visa fees in certain situations. 
S. 2078. An act to reauthorize the United 
States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3085. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Trans-1,3,3, 3-tetrafluoroprop-1-ene; Exemption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9934–74–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3086. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Dimethyl sulfoxide; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9934–17–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3087. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Cellulose Carboxymethyl Ether, Po-tassium Salt; Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9934–45–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–3088. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-
titled ‘‘Butanedioc Acid, 2-Methylene, Homopolmer, Sodium Salt; Inert Ingredient Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9933–74– OCSPP) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3089. A communication from the Acting 
Congressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fee In-creases for Overtime Services’’ (Docket No. APHIS–2009–0047) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3090. A communication from the Acting 
Congressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Impor-tation of Tomato Plantlets in Approved Growing Media From Mexico’’ ((RIN0579– AE06) (Docket No. APHIS–2014–0099)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3091. A communication from the Acting 
Congressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Golden Nematode; Removal of Regulated Areas in Orleans, Nassau, and Suffolk Counties, New York’’ (Docket No. APHIS–2015–0040) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3092. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the situation in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo that was declared in Executive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3093. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel of the National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Promulga-tion of NCUA Rules and Regulations’’ (RIN3133–AE45) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3094. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel of the National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Mon-etary Penalty Inflation Adjustment—Part 747’’ (RIN3133–AE56) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3095. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to South Sudan that was declared in Executive Order 13664 of April 3, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3096. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on 
the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13067 of November 3, 1997, with respect to Sudan; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3097. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13694 of April 1, 2015, with respect to significant malicious cyber-en-abled activities; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.006 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7267 October 8, 2015 
EC–3098. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator, U.S. Energy Information Ad-ministration, Department of Energy, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Availability and Price of Petroleum 
and Petroleum Products Produced in Coun-tries Other Than Iran’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3099. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances’’ ((RIN2070–AB27) (FRL No. 9933–30)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3100. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Butte County Air Qual-ity Management District, Feather River Air Quality Management District, and San Luis Obispo County Air Pollution Control Dis-trict; Correcting Amendment’’ (FRL No. 9931–19–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3101. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Antelope Valley Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9934–04–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3102. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revision of Air Quality Implementa-tion Plan; California; Feather River Air Quality Management District; Stationary Source Permits’’ (FRL No. 9933–52–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3103. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances’’ ((RIN2020–AA47) (FRL No. 9930–70–OECA)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3104. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances’’ ((RIN2060–AQ92) (FRL No. 9934–16–OAR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3105. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; State of Missouri, Limited Maintenance Plan for the St. Louis Non-classifiable Maintenance Area for the 8-Hour Carbon Monoxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9934–98–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3106. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Georgia Infrastructure Re-quirements for the 2008 Lead NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9934–84–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3107. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; South Da-kota; Revisions to South Dakota Adminis-trative Code’’ (FRL No. 9934–83–Region 8) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3108. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Redesignation Request and Associated Maintenance Plan for the Pittsburgh-Beaver Valley Nonattainment Area for the 1997 An-nual and 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Mat-ter Standard’’ (FRL No. 9934–82–Region 3) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3109. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Massachu-setts; Approval of Regulations Limiting Emissions of Volatile Organic Compounds and Nitrogen Oxides’’ (FRL No. 9932–12–Re-gion 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3110. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Adoption of Control Techniques Guidelines for Metal Furniture Coatings and Miscella-neous Metal Parts Coatings’’ (FRL No. 9934– 92–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3111. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Delaware; 2011 Base Year Inventories for the 2008 8- Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard for New Castle and Sussex Coun-ties’’ (FRL No. 9934–81–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
EC–3112. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Common-wealth of Pennsylvania; Approval of the Base Year Emissions Inventory for the Lib-erty-Clairton Nonattainment Area for the 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Stand-ard and Approval of Transportation Con-formity Insignificance Findings for the 1997 Annual and 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Standards for the Liberty-Clairton 
Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9934–91–Re-gion 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3113. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Volatile Organic Compounds Definition’’ (FRL No. 9934–11–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3114. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; California; Mam-moth Lakes; Redesignation; PM10 Mainte-nance Plan’’ (FRL No. 9935–05–Region 9) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3115. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Promulgation of State Implementa-tion Plan Revisions; Infrastructure Require-ments for the 2008 Ozone, 2008 Lead, and 2010 NO
2Nation Ambient Air Quality Standards; 
North Dakota’’ (FRL No. 9935–15–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3116. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Revisions to the Minor New Source Review (NSR) State Im-plementation Plan (SIP) for Portable Facili-ties’’ (FRL No. 9935–04–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–3117. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Kentucky: New Sources in or Impacting Nonattainment Areas’’ (FRL No. 9935–22–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3118. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Kentucky Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Lead NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9935–19–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–3119. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Georgia Infrastructure Re-quirements for the 2008 8-hour Ozone Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9935–24–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and 
Public Works. 
EC–3120. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Alabama; Infrastructure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.006 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7268 October 8, 2015 
Requirements for the 2008 Lead National 
Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9935–21–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3121. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Rhode Is-land; Sulfur Content of Fuels’’ (FRL No. 9935–31–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3122. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Maine; General Permit Regulations for Nonmetallic Mineral Processing Plants and Concrete Batch Plants’’ (FRL No. 9935–33–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
EC–3123. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Quality Assurance Program Description—Design Certification, Early Site Permit and New License Applicants’’ (NUREG–0800, Chapter 17) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 5, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–3124. A communication from the Acting 
Commissioner of Social Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Annual Report of Continuing Disability Reviews for fiscal year 2013; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3125. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Request for Com-ments on Definitions of Section 48 Property’’ (Notice 2015–70) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3126. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2015 Marginal Pro-duction Rates’’ (Notice 2015–65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3127. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2015 Section 43 In-flation Adjustment’’ (Notice 2015–64) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3128. A communication from the Chief 
of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Extension of Import Restrictions on Certain Categories of Archaeological Mate-rial From the Pre-Hispanic Cultures of the Republic of Nicaragua’’ (RIN1515–AE05) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3129. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare and Medicaid Programs; Electronic Health 
Record Incentive Program—Stage 3 and Modifications to Meaningful Use in 2015 through 2017’’ (RIN0938–AS26 and RIN0938– AS58) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3130. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–032); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3131. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Re-placement Period for Livestock Sold on Ac-count of Drought’’ (Notice 2015–69) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 1, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3132. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reliance Standards for Making Good Faith Determinations’’ ((RIN1545–BL23) (TD 9740)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 1 , 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3133. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a pe-tition to add workers who were employed at Hooker Electrochemical Corporation in Ni-agara Falls, New York, to the Special Expo-sure Cohort; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3134. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Listing of Color Additives Exempt from Certification; Mica-Based Pearlescent Pigments’’ (Docket No. FDA– 2015–C–1154) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3135. A communication from the Execu-
tive Analyst (Political), Office of the Sec-retary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 5, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3136. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2015 Edi-tion Health Information Technology (Health IT) Certification Criteria, 2015 Edition Base Electronic Health Record (EHR) Definition, and ONC Health IT Certification Program Modifications’’ (RIN0991–AB93) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3137. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Statis-tical Programs of the United States Govern-ment: Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3138. A communication from the Chief 
of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of 
a rule entitled ‘‘Automated Commercial En-vironment (ACE) Filings for Electronic Entry/Entry Summary (Cargo Release and Related Entry)’’ (RIN1515–AE03) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3139. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to expendi-tures from the Pershing Hall Revolving Fund for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
EC–3140. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Department of Commerce, transmitting proposed legislation; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3141. A communication from the Dep-
uty Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technology Transitions, Policies and Rules Governing Retirement of Copper Loops by Incumbent Local Exchange Car-riers, Special Access for Price Cap Local Ex-change Carriers, AT and T Corporation Peti-tion for Rulemaking to Reform Regulation of Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier Rates for Interstate Special Access Services’’ ((RIN3060–AK32) (FCC 15–97)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 5, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3142. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Account-ability Measure and Closure for South Atlan-tic Gray Triggerfish; July Through Decem-ber Season’’ (RIN0648–XE004) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 5, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3143. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlan-tic Surfclam and Ocean Quahog Fisheries; 2016 Fishing Quotas for Atlantic Surfclams and Ocean Quahogs; and Suspension of Min-imum Atlantic Surfclam Size Limit’’ (RIN0648–XE164) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3144. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XE203) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 5, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3145. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; At-lantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XE096) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3146. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic 
Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XE095) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.008 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7269 October 8, 2015 
EC–3147. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE183) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3148. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifica-tions of the West Coast Commercial and Rec-reational Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Ac-tions No. 22 through No. 29’’ (RIN0648–XE121) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3149. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XE162) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 5, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3150. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE152) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3151. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Re-sources of the South Atlantic; Trip Limit Reduction’’ (RIN0648–XE126) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 5, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3152. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Northern Rockfish in the West-ern Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE170) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3153. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2014–0455)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3154. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2015–0926)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-
fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3155. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2015–0085)) received 
during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3156. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2014–0753)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3157. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2015–0242)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3158. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0673)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3159. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0523)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3160. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0777)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3161. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0194)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3162. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0127)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-
tation. 
EC–3163. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2013–1071)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3164. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0126)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3165. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0245)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3166. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0772)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3167. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0823)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3168. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0822)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3169. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0583)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3170. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal 
Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.010 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7270 October 8, 2015 
((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0676)) 
received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3171. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1050)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3172. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0680)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3173. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Cessna Aircraft Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1044)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3174. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Vulcanair S.p.A. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0656)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3175. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. (Embraer) Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0586)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3176. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; SOCATA Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2047)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3177. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; GE Aviation Czech s.r.o. Turboprop Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Dock-et No. FAA–2015–0625)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3178. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to 
law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; CFM International S.A. Tur-bofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0277)) received during adjournment 
of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3179. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Lockheed Martin Corpora-tion/Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0779)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3180. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls Royce plc Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0363)) received during adjournment in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3181. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0900)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3182. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pratt and Whitney Canada Corp. Turboprop Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1130)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3183. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class C Airspace; Burbank, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0690)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3184. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Au-rora, OR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–1070)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3185. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Tracy, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1623)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate 
on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3186. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Tracy, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1623)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3187. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Douglas, WY’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1089)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3188. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Portland, OR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1137)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3189. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace, Delta, CO’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0343)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3190. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Iron Mountain, MI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 1871)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3191. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Newberry, MI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1869)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3192. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (33); Amdt. No. 3657’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3193. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal 
Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (73); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.012 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7271 October 8, 2015 
Amdt. No. 3658’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-
ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3194. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (76); Amdt. No. 3659’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3195. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (120); Amdt. No. 3660’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3196. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Part 95 In-strument Flight Rules; Miscellaneous Amendments; Amendment No. 522’’ (RIN2120– AA63) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3197. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revoca-tion of Jet Route J–513; North Central United States’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3601)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3198. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airspace Designations; Incorporation by Reference’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3375)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petition or memorial 
was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–77. A communication from a citizen 
of the State of South Dakota memorializing the State of South Dakota’s petition to the United States Congress calling for a con-stitutional convention for the purpose of proposing a federal balanced budget amend-ment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment and an amendment 
to the title: 
S. 1864. A bill to improve national security 
by developing metrics to measure the effec-tiveness of security between ports of entry, at points of entry, and along the maritime border (Rept. No. 114–152). 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: 
H.R. 322. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’. 
H.R. 323. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’. 
H.R. 324. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’. 
H.R. 558. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 1442. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Of-fice Building’’. 
H.R. 1884. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Roch-ester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 3059. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Build-ing. 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: 
S. Res. 148. A resolution condemning the 
Government of Iran’s state-sponsored perse-cution of its Baha’i minority and its contin-ued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. 
S. Res. 274. A resolution commemorating 
the 25th anniversary of the peaceful and democratic reunification of Germany. 
S. Res. 278. A resolution welcoming the 
President of the Republic of Korea on her of-ficial visit to the United States and cele-brating the United States-Republic of Korea relationship, and for other purposes. 
By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on 
Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with amendments: 
S. 1811. A bill to require the Administrator 
of the Small Business Administration to es-tablish a program to make loans to certain businesses, homeowners, and renters affected by Superstorm Sandy. 
S. 2126. A bill to reauthorize the women’s 
business center program of the Small Busi-ness Administration, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on 
Foreign Relations. 
*Julie Furuta-Toy, of Wyoming, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Equa-torial Guinea. 
Nominee: Julie Furuta-Toy. Post: Malabo, Equatorial Guinea. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: Steven M. Toy: None. 3. Children and Spouses: Eliot C. Toy: 
None; Sarah C. Toy: None. 
4. Parents: Emi K. Furuta: $200, 2010, 
Democratic National Committee; $200, 2011, Democratic National Committee; $150, 2011, Barack Obama Presidential Campaign; $200, 2012, Democratic National Committee; $200, 2012, Barack Obama Presidential Campaign; $200, 2012, Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee; $200, 2013, Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee; None, 2014; Tokuji Furuta: Deceased. 
5. Grandparents: Deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Richard K. Furuta 
and Ellen Ratoosh: None; Kenneth R. Furuta: None. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: Joy E. Furuta: 
None; Lucy J. Furuta: None, 2010; $65.50, 2011, Barack Obama Presidential Campaign; $100, 2012, Barack Obama Presidential Campaign; None, 2013; None, 2014. 
*Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Guinea. 
Nominee: Dennis Bruce Hankins. Post: Conakry, Republic of Guinea. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: None. 
3. Children and Spouses: Danu Hankins (s): 
None. 
4. Parents: Father—D. Bruce Hankins (de-
ceased): None; Mother—Margie Gough (de-ceased): None; Step-Father—Rod Gough (de-ceased): None; Step-Father—Russell Sawdey (deceased): None; Step-Mother—Ini Hankins (no contact): Unknown. 
5. Grandparents: None living. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Brother—Knute 
Hankins and Ann: None; Half-Brother—Tim Hankins (no contact): Unknown; Half-Broth-er—Damien Hankins (no contact): Unknown; Step Brother—Steve Sawdey and Deana: None; Step Brother—Stuart Sawdey: None; Step Brother—Stanton Sawdey and Mary: None; Step Brother—David Gough (no con-tact): Unknown. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: Step Sister—Sharon 
Valdez and Gil: Less than $100, 2010, Sen Patty Murray; Step Sister—Susan Whalen and Dan: None; Step Sister—Nancy Hayes (no contact): Unknown; Step Sister— MaryAnn Yamaguchi (no contact): Un-known; Step Sister—Linda Starkenburg (no contact): Unknown; Step sister—Patty Gough (no contact): Unknown. 
*Harry K. Thomas, Jr., of New York, a Ca-
reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Zimbabwe. 
Nominee: Harry K. Thomas Jr. Post: Harare. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.014 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7272 October 8, 2015 
have asked each of these persons to inform 
me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: $100, 10/2012, Obama Re-election. 2. Spouse: None. 3. Children and Spouses: Mithi I. Aquino- 
Thomas: None; Casey M.E. Thomas: None; Nathan Rowe: None; Emmanuel Ticzon: None; Zoe Ticzon: None. 
4. Parents: Harry K. Thomas, Sr.—De-
ceased; Hildonia M. Thomas: None. 
5. Grandparents: Frank Thomas—Deceased; 
Mary Thomas—Deceased; Charles McClary— Deceased; Merie McClary—Deceased. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: I do not have any 
brothers. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: Nelda T. Canada: 
$200, 3/2012, Obama Re-election; Daniel Can-ada, None. 
*Robert Porter Jackson, of Virginia, a Ca-
reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Ghana. 
Nominee: Robert Porter Jackson. Post: Republic of Ghana. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: none. 2. Spouse: none. 3. Children and Spouses Names: Babette 
Pollard Jackson (spouse): none. 
4. Parents Names: Barbara Buchanan Jack-
son (deceased): none; Francis Marion Jack-son, Jr. (deceased): none. 
5. Grandparents Names: Francis Marion 
Jackson, Sr. (deceased): none; Nancy Melvina Winchester Jackson (deceased): none; ArthurPer Buchanan (deceased): none; Addie Vaughn Porter Buchanan (deceased): none. 
6. Brothers and Spouses Names: Brother 
Francis Marion Jackson III: $200, 09/28/2010, Democratic Congressional Campaign Com-mittee; $100, 11/16/2010, Democratic Congres-sional Campaign Committee; $1,000, 09/21/ 2010, Democratic Senatorial Campaign Com-mittee; $2,000, 10/15/2010, Maine Democratic State Committee; $1,000, 03/11/2012, Obama VictoFund 2012; $1,000, 11/02/2012, Obama VictoFund 2012; $1,500, 09/06/2012, Obama for America; $1,500, 10/17/2012, Obama for Amer-ica; $300, 09/21/2014, Troy Jackson for Con-gress. Sister-in-law Ellen Rogers Jackson: $175, 04/29/10, Act Blue; $8.75, 04/29/10, Act Blue; $500, 06/10/2014, Shenna Bellows for Sen-ate. 
7. Sisters and Spouses Names: Nancy 
Vaughan Jackson Gronbeck (deceased): none; David Gronbeck: none. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
Edward L. Gilmore, of Illinois, to be 
United States Marshal for the Northern Dis-trict of Illinois for the term of four years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mitted of the Senate. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. 
TESTER , Mr. H EINRICH , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Mr. B ENNET , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. W YDEN , 
and Mrs. M URRAY ): 
S. 2165. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to permanently authorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund; read the first time. 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Ms. 
S
TABENOW ): 
S. 2166. A bill to amend part B of title IV 
of the Social Security Act to ensure that mental health screenings and assessments are provided to children and youth upon entry into foster care; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MURPHY: 
S. 2167. A bill to amend chapter 83 of title 
41, United States Code (popularly referred to as the Buy American Act) and certain other laws with respect to certain waivers under those laws, to provide greater transparency regarding exceptions to domestic sourcing requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. 
U
DALL ): 
S. 2168. A bill to encourage greater commu-
nity accountability of law enforcement agen-cies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Ms. 
C
ANTWELL , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and 
Mr. D AINES ): 
S. 2169. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to extend the Land and Water Conservation Fund; read the first time. 
By Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Ms. 
H
IRONO , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. B OOZMAN , 
Mr. R OUNDS , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. G RASS -
LEY, and Mr. H EINRICH ): 
S. 2170. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the ability of health care professionals to treat veterans through the use of telemedicine, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. 
S
COTT, Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. B OOK-
ER): 
S. 2171. A bill to reauthorize the Scholar-
ships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE ): 
S. 2172. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide protections for con-sumers against excessive, unjustified, or un-fairly discriminatory increases in premium rates; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and 
Ms. M
IKULSKI ): 
S. 2173. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve access to mental health services under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mrs. C APITO ): 
S. 2174. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to provide for the prepara-tion of career and technical education teach-ers; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. TESTER: 
S. 2175. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKEN , and Mr. K ING): 
S. 2176. A bill to expand the use of open 
textbooks in order to achieve savings for stu-dents; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. COCHRAN (for himself and Mr. 
W
ICKER ): 
S. 2177. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. 
C
OTTON ): 
S. 2178. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make permanent certain provisions of the Heartland, Habitat, Har-vest, and Horticulture Act of 2008 relating to timber, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL: 
S. 2179. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to allow the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to enter into certain agree-ments with non-Department of Veterans Af-fairs health care providers if the Secretary is not feasibly able to provide health care in fa-cilities of the Department or through con-tracts or sharing agreements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , 
Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. 
LEAHY , and Mr. C OONS ): 
S. 2180. A bill to amend the Age Discrimi-
nation in Employment Act of 1967 and other laws to clarify appropriate standards for Federal employment discrimination and re-taliation claims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. Res. 282. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of American Diabetes Month; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. R EID, Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. 
MURRAY , Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. 
KIRK): 
S. Res. 283. A resolution designating Octo-
ber 2015 as ‘‘Filipino American History Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASSIDY ): 
S. Res. 284. A resolution recognizing the 
importance of mental health globally and highlighting the contributions and value of mental health, psychosocial support, and human capacity, particularly in develop-ment contexts and humanitarian settings; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. 
W
ARNER ): 
S. Res. 285. A resolution commemorating 
the life and accomplishments of Robert Ed-ward Simon, Jr; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. S
ES-
SIONS , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.046 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7273 October 8, 2015 
REED, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. 
MIKULSKI , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. 
FRANKEN ): 
S. Res. 286. A resolution designating the 
week beginning on October 11, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Wildlife Refuge Week’’; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ): 
S. Res. 287. A resolution condemning the 
senseless murder and wounding of 18 individ-uals (sons, daughters, fathers, mothers, un-cles, aunts, cousins, students, and teachers) in Roseburg, Oregon, on October 1, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 248 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 248, a bill to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Rela-tions Act. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 352, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemp-tion from the individual health cov-erage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 512 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 512, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to safeguard data stored abroad from improper govern-ment access, and for other purposes. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 613, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coin-surance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is re-quired during the screening. 
S. 799 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , 
the name of the Senator from Ten-nessee (Mr. A LEXANDER ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 799, a bill to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neo-natal abstinence syndrome. 
S. 812 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 812, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 1014 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1014, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the safety of cosmetics. 
S. 1252 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1252, a bill to authorize a comprehensive strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to de-veloping countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition security, promote inclusive, sustainable, agricultural-led economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resilience among vulnerable pop-ulations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1378 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C OR-
NYN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1378, a bill to strengthen employee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government. 
S. 1460 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1460, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend the Yellow Ribbon G.I. Education Enhance-ment Program to cover recipients of the Marine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry scholarship, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated serv-ice of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C ARPER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1617 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1617, a bill to prevent 
Hizballah and associated entities from gaining access to international finan-cial and other institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1641 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1641, a bill to improve the use by the Department of Veterans Affairs of opioids in treating veterans, to im-prove patient advocacy by the Depart-ment, and to expand availability of complementary and integrative health, and for other purposes. 
S. 1651 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1651, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to repeal the Government pension offset and wind-fall elimination provisions. 
S. 1676 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1676, a bill to increase the number of graduate medical education positions treating veterans, to improve the compensation of health care pro-viders, medical directors, and directors of Veterans Integrated Service Net-works of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1711 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1711, a bill to provide for a temporary safe harbor from the enforcement of in-tegrated disclosure requirements for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1714, a bill to amend the Sur-face Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1754 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1754, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make perma-nent the temporary increase in number of judges presiding over the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, and for other purposes. 
S. 1766 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1766, a bill to direct the Sec-retary of Defense to review the dis-charge characterization of former members of the Armed Forces who were discharged by reason of the sexual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.018 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7274 October 8, 2015 
orientation of the member, and for 
other purposes. 
S. 1833 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1833, a bill to amend the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the child and adult care food program. 
S. 1870 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator 
from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1870, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to carry out a pilot program on issuing grants to eligible veterans to start or acquire qualifying businesses, and for other purposes. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. 
CRAPO ) and the Senator from Missouri 
(Mr. B LUNT ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1913 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1913, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to es-tablish programs to prevent prescrip-tion drug abuse under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2013 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2013, a bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into certain leases at the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs West Los An-geles Campus in Los Angeles, Cali-fornia, and for other purposes. 
S. 2021 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from 
Virginia (Mr. K AINE) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2021, a bill to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contrac-tors from requesting that an applicant for employment disclose criminal his-tory record information before the ap-plicant has received a conditional offer, and for other purposes. 
S. 2066 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the 
names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) and the Senator from South 
Carolina (Mr. S COTT) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2066, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate dis-covery and development of disease- modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to encourage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the qual-ity and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2123 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from 
Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2123, a bill to reform sen-tencing laws and correctional institu-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2142 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2142, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to establish an ef-ficient system to enable employees to form, join, or assist labor organiza-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2146 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Ar-
kansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 2146, a bill to hold sanctuary jurisdictions accountable for defying Federal law, to increase pen-alties for individuals who illegally re-enter the United States after being re-moved, and to provide liability protec-tion for State and local law enforce-ment who cooperate with Federal law enforcement and for other purposes. 
S. 2148 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator 
from Rhode Island (Mr. R EED) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to prevent an increase in the Medicare part B premium and deduct-ible in 2016. 
S. 2152 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ), the Senator from Arizona 
(Mr. F LAKE ), the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. I SAKSON ) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2152, a bill to establish a comprehensive United States Government policy to encourage the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to develop and appropriate mix of power solutions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty reduction, promote develop-ment outcomes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes. 
S. 2161 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2161, a bill to provide for the adjust-ment of status of certain nationals of Liberia to that of lawful permanent 
residents and for other purposes. S. RES. 148 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from 
Delaware (Mr. C OONS ), the Senator 
from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ) and the Senator 
from Maryland (Mr. C ARDIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. Res. 148, a resolution condemning the Govern-ment of Iran’s state-sponsored persecu-tion of its Baha’i minority and its con-tinued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. 
S. RES. 261 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 261, a resolution des-ignating the week of October 11 through October 17, 2015, as ‘‘National Case Management Week’’ to recognize the role of case management in im-proving health care outcomes for pa-tients. 
S. RES. 274 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 274, a resolution commemorating the 25th anniversary of the peaceful and democratic reunification of Ger-many. 
At the request of Mr. C
ORKER , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 274, supra. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2626 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a 
cosponsor of amendment No. 2626 in-tended to be proposed to S. 754, an original bill to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cyberse-curity threats, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, 
Mr. S COTT, Mr. J OHNSON , and 
Mr. B OOKER ): 
S. 2171. A bill to reauthorize the 
Scholarships for Opportunity and Re-sults Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise today with my colleagues Senator R
ONJOHNSON , Senator T IMSCOTT, and 
Senator C ORYBOOKER to introduce the 
Scholarships for Opportunity and Re-sults Act, bipartisan legislation to ex-tend the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program. 
I am a long-time supporter of this 
important program, which provides low-income students residing in the District of Columbia the opportunity to improve academically by attending a private school of their choice. 
Without this platform, D.C.’s most 
disadvantaged students would not have access to a high-quality education, in-cluding smaller class sizes and effec-tive curriculum. That is not right. All 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.021 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7275 October 8, 2015 
students should have the same oppor-
tunity to learn and thrive. 
The Opportunity Scholarship is a 
successful and transformative program. It has shown promising results in rais-ing student achievement. According to data released by the program adminis-trator for the 2014–2015 school year, 90 percent of scholarship students grad-uated from high school and 88 percent of those graduates are enrolled in a 2- or 4-year college or university. The Op-portunity Scholarship Program’s grad-uation rate is more than 30 percentage points higher than D.C. Public Schools’ rate, which stands at only 58 percent, well below the national average of 81 percent. 
For the 2015–2016 school year, there 
were more than 8,500 names on waiting lists at D.C. charter schools, an 18 per-cent increase over last year. This shows the demand for high-quality edu-cation in this city and unfortunately, the shortage to meet that demand. 
I have worked on this legislation 
with my House colleague, Speaker J
OHNBOEHNER , for many years. I also 
had my staff visit schools and talk to administrators and parents about ways to improve the program so that it can fully meet the goal of providing a bet-ter education to low-income families in the District’s lowest-performing schools. 
I am pleased that this legislation 
strengthens the program by requiring participating schools to acquire and maintain accreditation, and by ensur-ing that an evaluation study truly as-sess the effectiveness of the scholar-ship, including how it affects academic achievement for scholarship recipients. 
I am pleased that Senators J
OHNSON , 
SCOTT and B OOKER have joined me as 
original cosponsors of this bill. I re-main fully committed to the success of the program, and I believe this reau-thorization bill makes critical im-provements to ensure that scholarships continue to transform the lives of the District’s most vulnerable students. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, 
Mrs. B OXER , Mr. T ESTER , and 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 2172. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to provide protec-tions for consumers against excessive, unjustified, or unfairly discriminatory increases in premium rates; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, 
great progress has been made in im-proving oversight of health insurance companies, holding them accountable for how premium dollars are spent, and increasing access to affordable health insurance. Even so, there is still work to be done to protect consumers from unreasonable and excessive health in-surance rate increases. 
Through the Affordable Care Act, 
health insurance rate increases greater than 10 percent must be publicly posted and include an explanation for the in-crease. The increases are reviewed by States, and the Federal Government 
steps in when States opt out from par-ticipating in the review process. 
This is a good first step, which has 
helped reduce increases, but it isn’t enough. The enforcement authority to block or modify unreasonable rate in-creases is key to providing strong con-sumer protection. 
In 2011, 43 percent of requested rate 
increases for health insurance rates on the individual market were larger than 10 percent. In 2013, 25 percent of plans had an increase greater than 10 per-cent. 
This shows progress, but not enough. 
Health insurance companies can still get away with putting profits before patients. Affordability of health insur-ance is vital in continuing to decrease the number of uninsured Americans, and to ensure that families can access coverage. 
Currently, 13 States still have little 
or no authority to block or modify ex-cessive rate increases in the individual and small group markets. Even when regulators in these States find an in-crease to be unreasonable and unjusti-fied, they have no ability to block or modify the increase. 
The Protecting Consumers from Un-
reasonable Rates Act creates a Federal fallback option for States currently lacking this authority. This will pro-tect consumers regardless of the State they live in, and improve account-ability for insurance companies at-tempting to raise premium prices with-out adequate justification. 
This solution is simple: in States 
where the insurance regulator does not have or use authority to block unrea-sonable rate increases, the Secretary of Health and Human Services can do so. 
In some States, like California, com-
panies are not required to get prior au-thorization for rate increases to go into effect. California insurance regu-lators with the Department of Insur-ance and Department of Managed Care review rates, but when they find rate increases to be unjustified and unrea-sonable, they have no authority to stop or adjust the price increases. 
Just a few months ago, Aetna raised 
rates for a small business plan that, on average, was an increase of 21 percent and affected approximately 13,000 peo-ple. The California Department of Man-aged Care had found the increase to be unreasonable, but couldn’t stop it from going into effect. 
In many States we can already see 
that this type of authority is working, and this bill doesn’t interfere at all with what they are doing. 
For example, in New York, insurers 
requested an average of a 13.5 percent-age increase for 2016 premiums. Regu-lators disagreed and reduced the in-crease by nearly half, so consumers in that State will see a 7.1 percent in-crease instead. 
In Connecticut, a UnitedHealthcare 
plan wanted to raise rates by 12.4 per-cent for 2016. After regulators reviewed the request, they approved a 5.5 per-cent increase instead. For one plan in 
the State offered by ConnectiCare, a small increase was denied and con-sumers will actually see a reduction in their premiums for 2016. 
Regulators in Vermont reduced the 
increase that 65,000 residents of the State would have faced in 2016—the proposed hike was 8.6 percent and the approved rate increase was 5.9 percent. 
Any unreasonable rate increase that 
perpetuates year after year is unac-ceptable, and makes a big impact on a family’s budget. 
All consumers deserve to have fully 
effective health insurance rate review and enforcement. This bill closes the final gap in this process and ensures that these protections are available for the entire country. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting the Protecting Consumers from Unreasonable Rates Act. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mr. P ORTMAN , and 
Mrs. C APITO ): 
S. 2174. A bill to amend the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 to provide for the preparation of career and technical education teachers; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, in today’s 
increasingly competitive global econ-omy, America’s success will depend on the talent of its workforce. In culti-vating the workforce necessary to suc-ceed, we need to look at ways to ex-pand opportunities for students, and refocus our Nation’s education strat-egy to meet the demands of the indus-try in the 21st century. Career and technical education, CTE, programs play a vital role in increasing student engagement, continuing our nation’s economic competitiveness, and build-ing the skills of our country’s work-force. 
We are beginning to see a renaissance 
of student interest in career and tech-nical education, but school districts across the Nation are facing critical shortages in high-quality CTE teach-ers. While the Higher Education and Opportunity Act of 2008 provides grants for teacher residency partnership pro-grams to colleges and universities who work with high-needs school districts to train prospective teachers, no CTE- focused partnerships exist. 
That is why I am introducing with 
my colleagues, Senator B
ALDWIN , Sen-
ator P ORTMAN and Senator C APITO the 
Creating Quality Technical Educators Act, which would create a CTE teach-er-training grant partnership to give aspiring CTE teachers the experience necessary to mirror their success in the business world with that in the classroom. This legislation would fos-ter teacher training partnerships be-tween high-needs secondary schools and post-secondary institutions to cre-ate a 1-year residency initiative for teachers and includes teacher mentorship for a minimum of 2 years. When CTE teachers have work experi-
ence in a related industry before enter-ing the classroom, students not only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.034 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7276 October 8, 2015 
benefit from their hands-on knowledge, 
but also look to them as career models. 
The Creating Quality Technical Edu-
cators Act would amend the Higher Education and Opportunity Act to give aspiring CTE teachers real-world expe-rience and develop credible skills to apply in the classroom. This bipartisan bill takes a proactive approach to re-cruiting and training more high-qual-ity CTE teachers. In addition to mid- career professionals in related tech-nical fields, CTE teacher residencies would target teacher candidates who are recent college graduates, veterans, and currently licensed teachers with a need for technical skills training who seek to become transition into CTE fields. 
As co-chair of the Senate CTE Cau-
cus, I am proud to introduce this com-monsense, bipartisan legislation to re-cruit and train talented teachers to meet the rising need for CTE. The Cre-ating Quality Technical Educators Act takes an important step to ensure stu-dents in communities of all sizes have access to high-quality CTE teachers and career-training programs. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
FRANKEN , and Mr. K ING): 
S. 2176. A bill to expand the use of 
open textbooks in order to achieve sav-ings for students; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2176 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Affordable 
College Textbook Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The high cost of college textbooks con-
tinues to be a barrier for many students in achieving higher education. 
(2) According to the College Board, during 
the 2014-2015 academic year, the average stu-dent budget for college books and supplies at 4-year public institutions of higher edu-cation was $1,225. 
(3) The Government Accountability Office 
found that new textbook prices increased 82 percent between 2002 and 2012 and that al-though Federal efforts to increase price transparency have provided students and families with more and better information, more must be done to address rising costs. 
(4) The growth of the Internet has enabled 
the creation and sharing of digital content, including open educational resources that can be freely used by students, teachers, and members of the public. 
(5) Using open educational resources in 
place of traditional materials in large-enroll-ment college courses can reduce textbook costs by 80 to 100 percent. 
(6) Federal investment in expanding the 
use of open educational resources could sig-nificantly lower college textbook costs and reduce financial barriers to higher edu-cation, while making efficient use of tax-payer funds. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) E DUCATIONAL RESOURCE .—The term 
‘‘educational resource’’ means an edu-cational material that can be used in post-secondary instruction, including textbooks and other written or audiovisual works. 
(2) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001). 
(3) O
PEN EDUCATIONAL RESOURCE .—The 
term ‘‘open educational resource’’ means an educational resource that either is in the public domain or is made available under a permanent copyright license to the public to freely adapt, distribute, and otherwise use the work with attribution to the author as designated. 
(4) O
PEN TEXTBOOK .—The term ‘‘open text-
book’’ means an open educational resource or set of open educational resources that ei-ther is a textbook or can be used in place of a textbook for a postsecondary course at an institution of higher education. 
(5) R
ELEVANT FACULTY .—The term ‘‘rel-
evant faculty’’ means both tenure track and contingent faculty members who may be in-volved in the creation of open educational resources or the use of open educational re-sources created as part of the grant applica-tion. 
(6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Education. 
SEC. 4. GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From the 
amounts appropriated under subsection (i), the Secretary shall make grants, on a com-petitive basis, to eligible entities to support pilot programs that expand the use of open textbooks in order to achieve savings for stu-dents. 
(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means an institution of higher education or group of institutions of higher education. 
(c) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity desir-
ing a grant under this section, after con-sultation with relevant faculty, shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such in-formation as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include a descrip-tion of the project to be completed with grant funds and— 
(A) a plan for promoting and tracking the 
use of open textbooks in postsecondary courses offered by the eligible entity, includ-ing an estimate of the projected savings that will be achieved for students; 
(B) a plan for evaluating, before creating 
new open educational resources, whether ex-isting open educational resources could be used or adapted for the same purpose; 
(C) a plan for quality review and review of 
accuracy of any open educational resources to be created or adapted through the grant; 
(D) a plan for disseminating information 
about the results of the project to institu-tions of higher education outside of the eligi-ble entity, including promoting the adoption of any open textbooks created or adapted through the grant; and 
(E) a statement on consultation with rel-
evant faculty, including those engaged in the creation of open educational resources, in the development of the application. 
(d) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATION .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall give special consideration to applica-tions that demonstrate the greatest poten-tial to— 
(1) achieve the highest level of savings for 
students through sustainable expanded use of open textbooks in postsecondary courses 
offered by the eligible entity; 
(2) expand the use of open textbooks at in-
stitutions of higher education outside of the eligible entity; and 
(3) produce— (A) the highest quality open textbooks; (B) open textbooks that can be most easily 
utilized and adapted by faculty members at institutions of higher education; 
(C) open textbooks that correspond to the 
highest enrollment courses at institutions of higher education; and 
(D) open textbooks created or adapted in 
partnership with entities, including campus bookstores, that will assist in marketing and distribution of the open textbook. 
(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this section shall use the grant funds to carry out any of the fol-lowing activities to expand the use of open textbooks: 
(1) Professional development for any fac-
ulty and staff members at institutions of higher education, including the search for and review of open textbooks. 
(2) Creation or adaptation of open edu-
cational resources, especially open text-books. 
(3) Development or improvement of tools 
and informational resources that support the use of open textbooks. 
(4) Research evaluating the efficacy of the 
use of open textbooks for achieving savings for students. 
(5) Partnerships with other entities, in-
cluding other institutions of higher edu-cation, for-profit organizations, or nonprofit organizations, to carry out any of the activi-ties described in paragraphs (1) through (4). 
(f) L
ICENSE .—Educational resources cre-
ated under subsection (e) shall be licensed under a non-exclusive, permanent license to the public to exercise any of the rights under copyright conditioned only on the require-ment that attribution be given as directed by the copyright owner. 
(g) A
CCESS AND DISTRIBUTION .—The full and 
complete digital content of each educational resource created or adapted under subsection (e) shall be made available free of charge to the public— 
(1) on an easily accessible and interoper-
able website, which shall be identified to the Secretary by the eligible entity; and 
(2) in a machine readable, digital format 
that anyone can directly download, edit with attribution, and redistribute. 
(h) R
EPORT .—Upon an eligible entity’s 
completion of a project supported under this section, the eligible entity shall prepare and submit a report to the Secretary regarding— 
(1) the effectiveness of the pilot program in 
expanding the use of open textbooks and in achieving savings for students; 
(2) the impact of the pilot program on ex-
panding the use of open textbooks at institu-tions of higher education outside of the eligi-ble entity; 
(3) educational resources created or adapt-
ed under the grant, including instructions on where the public can access each educational resource under the terms of subsection (g); and 
(4) all project costs, including the value of 
any volunteer labor and institutional capital used for the project. 
(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this sec-tion for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years after the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5. PRICE INFORMATION. 
Section 133(b) of the Higher Education Act 
of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1015b(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (6); and (2) in paragraph (9); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.047 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7277 October 8, 2015 
(A) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B); 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘a college textbook that— 
’’ and inserting ‘‘a college textbook that may include printed materials, computer disks, website access, and electronically distrib-uted materials.’’. 
SEC. 6. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that institutions 
of higher education should encourage the consideration of open textbooks by faculty within the generally accepted principles of academic freedom that establishes the right and responsibility of faculty members, indi-vidually and collectively, to select course materials that are pedagogically most appro-priate for their classes. 
SEC. 7. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary shall pre-pare and submit a report to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives detailing— 
(1) the open textbooks created or adapted 
under this Act; 
(2) the adoption of such open textbooks; 
and 
(3) the savings generated for students, 
States, and the Federal Government through the use of open textbooks. 
SEC. 8. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and sub-mit a report to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives on the cost of textbooks to students at insti-tutions of higher education. The report shall particularly examine— 
(1) the change of the cost of textbooks; (2) the factors that have contributed to the 
change of the cost of textbooks; 
(3) the extent to which open textbooks are 
used at institutions of higher education; and 
(4) the impact of open textbooks on the 
cost of textbooks. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 282—SUP-
PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF AMERICAN DIABETES MONTH 
Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 282 
Whereas according to the Centers for Dis-
ease Control and Prevention (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘CDC’’), in the United States— 
(1) nearly 30,000,000 individuals have diabe-
tes; and 
(2) an estimated 86,000,000 individuals aged 
20 years and older have prediabetes; 
Whereas diabetes is a serious chronic con-
dition that affects individuals of every age, race, ethnicity, and income level; 
Whereas the CDC reports that Hispanics, 
African Americans, Asian Americans, and 
Native Americans are disproportionately af-fected by diabetes and suffer from the dis-ease at rates that are much higher than the general population of the United States; 
Whereas according to the CDC, an indi-
vidual aged 20 years or older is diagnosed with diabetes every 19 seconds; 
Whereas approximately 4,660 individuals in 
the United States aged 20 years or older are diagnosed with diabetes each day; Whereas the CDC estimates that approxi-
mately 1,700,000 individuals in the United States aged 20 years and older were newly di-agnosed with diabetes in 2012; 
Whereas a joint study carried out by the 
National Institutes of Health and the CDC found that in the United States during 2008 and 2009, an estimated 18,436 youth were newly diagnosed with type 1 diabetes and 5,089 youth were newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes; 
Whereas according to the CDC, the preva-
lence of diabetes in the United States in-creased by more than 300 percent between 1980 and 2010; 
Whereas the CDC reports that 27.8 percent 
of individuals with diabetes in the United States have not been diagnosed with the dis-ease; 
Whereas in the United States, more than 12 
percent of adults aged 20 years or older and 25.9 percent of individuals aged 65 years or older have diabetes; 
Whereas as many as 1 in 3 adults in the 
United States will have diabetes in 2050 if the present trend continues; 
Whereas after accounting for the difference 
of the average age of each population, data surveying individuals aged 20 years or older in the United States between 2010 and 2012 indicates that 7.6 percent of non-Hispanic whites, 13.2 percent of non-Hispanic blacks, 12.8 percent of Hispanics, and 9.0 percent of 
Asian Americans suffered from diagnosed di-abetes; 
Whereas after accounting for the difference 
of the average age of each population, data surveying Hispanic individuals aged 20 years or older in the United States between 2010 and 2012 indicates that 8.5 percent of individ-uals of Central and South American descent, 9.3 percent of individuals of Cuban descent, 13.9 percent of individuals of Mexican de-scent, and 14.8 percent of individuals of Puer-to Rican descent suffered from diagnosed di-abetes; 
Whereas according to the American Diabe-
tes Association, in 2012, the United States spent an estimated $245,000,000,000 on cases of diagnosed diabetes; 
Whereas the American Diabetes Associa-
tion reports that 20 percent of the funds that the United States spent on health care in 2012 went towards caring for individuals with diabetes; 
Whereas a study carried out by 
Mathematica Policy Research found that total expenditures for individuals with dia-betes receiving benefits under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) in fiscal year 2005 comprised 32.7 percent of the budg-et for the Medicare program in that fiscal year; 
Whereas according to the CDC, in the 
United States in 2010, diabetes— 
(1) was the seventh leading cause of death; 
and 
(2) contributed to the death of more than 
234,051 individuals; 
Whereas as of November 2015, a cure for di-
abetes does not exist; 
Whereas there are successful means to re-
duce the incidence and delay the onset of type 2 diabetes; 
Whereas with proper management and 
treatment, individuals with diabetes live healthy, productive lives; and 
Whereas individuals in the United States 
celebrate American Diabetes Month in No-vember: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the goals and ideals of Amer-
ican Diabetes Month, including— 
(A) encouraging individuals in the United 
States to fight diabetes through public awareness of prevention and treatment op-tions; and (B) enhancing diabetes education; 
(2) recognizes the importance of early de-
tection, awareness of the symptoms, and un-derstanding the risk factors of diabetes, in-cluding— 
(A) being over the age of 45 years; (B) having a specific racial and ethnic 
background; 
(C) being overweight; (D) having a low level of physical activity; (E) having high blood pressure; and (F) having a family history of diabetes or 
a history of diabetes during pregnancy; and 
(3) supports decreasing the prevalence of 
type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes in the United States through increased re-search, treatment, and prevention. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 283—DESIG-
NATING OCTOBER 2015 AS ‘‘FILI-PINO AMERICAN HISTORY MONTH’’ 
Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. R EIDof Nevada, Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. K IRK) 
submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 283 
Whereas the earliest documented Filipino 
presence in the continental United States was October 18, 1587, when the first ‘‘Luzones Indios’’ arrived in Morro Bay, California, on board the Nuestra Senora de Esperanza , a Ma-
nila-built galleon ship; 
Whereas the Filipino American National 
Historical Society recognizes 1763 as the year in which the first permanent Filipino settle-ment in the United States was established in St. Malo, Louisiana; 
Whereas the recognition of the first perma-
nent Filipino settlement in the United States adds a new perspective to United States history by bringing attention to the economic, cultural, social, and other notable contributions made by Filipino Americans to the development of the United States; 
Whereas, with a population of approxi-
mately 3,416,840 individuals, the Filipino American community is the second largest Asian American and Pacific Islander group in the United States; 
Whereas from the Civil War to the Iraq and 
Afghanistan conflicts, Filipino American servicemen and servicewomen have a long-standing history of serving in the Armed Forces; 
Whereas 250,000 Filipinos fought under the 
United States flag during World War II to protect and defend the United States in the Pacific theater; 
Whereas Filipino Americans continue to 
demonstrate a commendable sense of patri-otism and honor; 
Whereas 9 Filipino Americans have re-
ceived the Congressional Medal of Honor, the highest award for valor in action against an enemy force that can be bestowed on an indi-vidual serving in the Armed Forces; 
Whereas the late Thelma Garcia 
Buchholdt, born in Claveria, Cagayan on the island of Luzon in the Philippines— 
(1) moved with her family to Alaska in 
1965; 
(2) was elected to the House of Representa-
tives of Alaska in 1974; 
(3) was the first Filipino woman elected to 
a State legislature; and 
(4) authored a comprehensive history book 
entitled ‘‘Filipinos in Alaska: 1788-1958’’; 
Whereas Filipino American farmworkers 
and labor leaders such as Philip Vera Cruz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.024 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7278 October 8, 2015 
and Larry Itliong played an integral role in 
the multiethnic United Farm Workers move-ment alongside Cesar Chavez, Dolores Huerta, and other Latino workers; 
Whereas Filipino Americans play an inte-
gral role in the United States healthcare sys-tem as nurses, doctors, and other medical professionals; 
Whereas Filipino Americans have contrib-
uted greatly to music, dance, literature, edu-cation, business, journalism, sports, fashion, politics, government, science, technology, the fine arts, and other fields that enrich the landscape of the United States; 
Whereas, as mandated in the mission state-
ment of the Filipino American National His-torical Society, efforts should continue to promote the study of Filipino American his-tory and culture because the roles of Filipino Americans and other people of color have largely been overlooked in the writing, teaching, and learning of United States his-tory; 
Whereas it is imperative for Filipino 
American youth to have positive role models to instill in Filipino American youth— 
(1) the significance of education, com-
plemented by the richness of Filipino Amer-ican ethnicity; and 
(2) the value of the Filipino American leg-
acy; and 
Whereas Filipino American History Month 
is celebrated during the month of October 2015: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates October 2015 as ‘‘Filipino 
American History Month’’; 
(2) recognizes the celebration of Filipino 
American History Month as— 
(A) a study of the advancement of Filipino 
Americans; 
(B) a time to reflect on and remember the 
many notable contributions that Filipino Americans have made to the United States; and 
(C) a time to renew efforts toward the re-
search and examination of history and cul-ture so as to provide an opportunity for all people of the United States— 
(i) to learn more about Filipino Americans; 
and 
(ii) to appreciate the historic contributions 
of Filipino Americans to the United States; and 
(3) urges the people of the United States to 
observe Filipino American History Month with appropriate programs and activities. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 284—RECOG-
NIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF MENTAL HEALTH GLOBALLY AND HIGHLIGHTING THE CON-TRIBUTIONS AND VALUE OF MENTAL HEALTH, PSYCHO-SOCIAL SUPPORT, AND HUMAN CAPACITY, PARTICULARLY IN DEVELOPMENT CONTEXTS AND HUMANITARIAN SETTINGS 
Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASSIDY ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 284 
Whereas on October 10, 2015, World Mental 
Health Day is observed; 
Whereas mental health is essential to 
achieve the full potential of an individual and mental health disorders can affect the ability of an individual to carry out daily tasks, establish or maintain relationships, or pursue other fundamental endeavors; 
Whereas mental health disorders and sub-
stance use disorders are the leading causes of disability globally; Whereas depression is the third leading 
cause of disease burden globally, and by 2030, depression will be the highest cause of dis-ease burden in low-income countries and the second highest cause of disease burden in middle-income countries; 
Whereas depression has a particularly neg-
ative impact on women, for whom depression is the leading cause of disease burden inde-pendent of the income level of their coun-tries of residence; 
Whereas approximately 3,000 suicide deaths 
occur each day globally; 
Whereas for each completed suicide, 20 
more individuals attempt to commit suicide; 
Whereas up to 90 percent of individuals 
who commit suicide have a diagnosable men-tal health disorder; 
Whereas serious and persistent mental ill-
ness, such as schizophrenia and bipolar dis-order, affects up to 7 percent of the popu-lation of the world and is extremely debili-tating; 
Whereas the global cost of mental health 
disorders was $2,500,000,000,000 in 2010, and is projected to increase to more than $6,000,000,000,000 by 2030, but the total amount of development assistance for global mental health was only $134,000,000 between 2007 and 2013, less than 1 percent of all devel-opment assistance; 
Whereas in high-income countries, ap-
proximately 
1⁄2of individuals afflicted with 
mental health disorders do not receive ap-propriate mental health care; 
Whereas in low-income countries, approxi-
mately 85 percent to 90 percent of individuals afflicted with mental health disorders do not receive appropriate mental health care; 
Whereas traumatic events and losses are 
common experiences, especially among refu-gees and internally displaced individuals, and may— 
(1) double the incidence of mental health 
disorders; 
(2) result in intense suffering and dysfunc-
tion; and 
(3) require mental health treatment; 
Whereas integrating mental health and 
psychosocial support into health and social sectors improves the health, economic devel-opment, and political stability of the popu-lation, builds the capacity of staff and health facilities, and creates non-stigmatizing men-tal health services; and 
Whereas there is an urgent need to create 
readily-accessible, high-quality mental health services in line with national and global guidelines by designing and imple-menting comprehensive programs that are culturally, developmentally, and linguis-tically appropriate, building local human re-source capacity, and strengthening health systems: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the importance of World 
Mental Health Day; 
(2) affirms the continued support of the 
United States for making resources available to provide mental health services and build capacity across countries and income levels, in particular in countries affected by con-flict and crisis; 
(3) honors the importance of trained men-
tal health workers as they enhance human well-being and mental health, restore func-tioning, and save lives by ensuring the avail-ability of high-quality, context-relevant mental health and psychosocial support serv-ices; 
(4) calls on the Secretary of State, the Ad-
ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and the heads of other relevant agencies to integrate mental health and psychosocial support services into programs, funding opportunities, and budget allocations in order to improve the overall quality of life of individuals living 
with mental health disorders; and 
(5) commends the dedication of organiza-
tions, professionals, and volunteers globally who work to improve the mental health of all individuals, and the important contribu-tions and bravery of individuals globally who live with or have overcome mental health disorders. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 285—COM-
MEMORATING THE LIFE AND AC-COMPLISHMENTS OF ROBERT EDWARD SIMON, JR. 
Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. W
AR-
NER) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 285 
Whereas in 1961, Robert Edward Simon, Jr. 
(referred to in this preamble as ‘‘Bob Simon’’) purchased 6,750 acres of undeveloped land in Northern Virginia and in 1964, estab-lished on the land the town of Reston, Vir-ginia; 
Whereas the vision of Bob Simon for eco-
nomic development— 
(1) involved communities that integrate 
jobs, residential housing, commercial busi-ness, recreational resources, outdoor space, accessible transportation, and pedestrian- friendly geography; and 
(2) was a vision that, in 2015, is known as 
‘‘smart growth’’; 
Whereas the vision of Bob Simon for a 
community was a community that included residents of all income levels and racial backgrounds at a time during which, in Vir-ginia, housing was segregated and interracial marriage was banned; 
Whereas Bob Simon is credited with 
mainstreaming the idea of robust citizen participation in local development plans through community associations; 
Whereas Bob Simon returned to live in 
Reston from 1993 until his passing on Sep-tember 21, 2015, at 101 years of age; and 
Whereas, as of September 2015, Reston, Vir-
ginia is a 62,000-citizen town in the Northern Virginia Dulles Corridor, which continues to develop along the lines that Bob Simon envi-sioned: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate recognizes the 
contributions of Robert E. Simon, Jr.— 
(1) in founding Reston, Virginia; (2) in setting a trend of vibrant urban de-
velopment in Virginia; and 
(3) in inspiring and empowering citizens 
across the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 286—DESIG-
NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING ON OCTOBER 11, 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE WEEK’’ 
Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. S
ES-
SIONS , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. 
REEDof Rhode Island, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. 
CARDIN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. 
FRANKEN ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 286 
Whereas, in 1903, President Theodore Roo-
sevelt established the first national wildlife refuge on Pelican Island in Florida; 
Whereas, in 2015, the National Wildlife Ref-
uge System, administered by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, is the pre-mier system of lands and waters to conserve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.032 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7279 October 8, 2015 
wildlife in the world, and has grown to ap-
proximately 150,000,000 acres, 563 national wildlife refuges, and 38 wetland management districts in every State and territory of the United States; 
Whereas national wildlife refuges are im-
portant recreational and tourism destina-tions in communities across the United States, and these protected lands offer a va-riety of recreational opportunities, including 6 wildlife-dependent uses that the National Wildlife Refuge System manages: hunting, fishing, wildlife observation, photography, environmental education, and interpreta-tion; 
Whereas, in 2015, 336 units of the National 
Wildlife Refuge System have hunting pro-grams and 275 units of the National Wildlife Refuge System have fishing programs, aver-aging approximately 2,500,000 hunting visits and nearly 7,000,000 fishing visits each year; 
Whereas the National Wildlife Refuge Sys-
tem experienced nearly 30,000,000 wildlife ob-servation visits during fiscal year 2014; 
Whereas national wildlife refuges are im-
portant to local businesses and gateway communities; 
Whereas, for every $1 appropriated, na-
tional wildlife refuges generate nearly $5 in economic activity; 
Whereas visitation to the National Wildlife 
Refuge System increased by nearly 27 per-cent from 2005 to 2014; 
Whereas the National Wildlife Refuge Sys-
tem experiences over 47,000,000 visits each year, which generated more than $2,400,000,000 and more than 35,000 jobs in local economies during fiscal year 2011; 
Whereas the National Wildlife Refuge Sys-
tem encompasses every kind of ecosystem in the United States, including temperate, tropical and boreal forests, wetlands, deserts, grasslands, arctic tundras, and re-mote islands and spans 12 time zones from the Virgin Islands to Guam; 
Whereas national wildlife refuges are home 
to more than 700 species of birds, 220 species of mammals, 250 species of reptiles and am-phibians, and more than 1,000 species of fish; 
Whereas national wildlife refuges are the 
primary Federal lands that foster produc-tion, migration, and wintering habitat for waterfowl; 
Whereas, since 1934, the sale of the Federal 
Duck Stamp to outdoor enthusiasts has gen-erated more than $850,000,000 in funds, which has enabled the purchase or lease of more than 5,700,000 acres of habitat for waterfowl and numerous other species in the National Wildlife Refuge System; 
Whereas the recovery of 386 threatened and 
endangered species is supported on refuge lands; 
Whereas national wildlife refuges are cores 
of conservation for larger landscapes and re-sources for other agencies of the Federal Government and State governments, private landowners, and organizations in their ef-forts to secure the wildlife heritage of the United States; 
Whereas nearly 36,000 volunteers and ap-
proximately 200 national wildlife refuge ‘‘Friends’’ organizations contribute more than 1,400,000 hours annually, the equivalent of nearly 700 full-time employees, and pro-vide an important link to local communities; 
Whereas national wildlife refuges provide 
an important opportunity for children to dis-cover and gain a greater appreciation for the natural world; 
Whereas, because there are national wild-
life refuges located in several urban and sub-urban areas and a refuge located within an hour drive of every metropolitan area in the United States, national wildlife refuges em-ploy, educate, and engage young people from all backgrounds in exploring, connecting with, and preserving the natural heritage of 
the United States; 
Whereas, since 1995, refuges across the 
United States have held festivals, edu-cational programs, guided tours, and other events to celebrate National Wildlife Refuge Week during the second full week of October; 
Whereas the United States Fish and Wild-
life Service will continue to seek stake-holder input on the implementation of ‘‘Con-serving the Future: Wildlife Refuges and the Next Generation’’, an update to the strategic plan of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service for the future of the National Wild-life Refuge System; 
Whereas the week beginning on October 11, 
2015, has been designated as ‘‘National Wild-life Refuge Week’’ by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; and 
Whereas the designation of National Wild-
life Refuge Week by the Senate would recog-nize more than a century of conservation in the United States, raise awareness about the importance of wildlife and the National Wildlife Refuge System, and celebrate the myriad recreational opportunities available to enjoy this network of protected lands: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates the week beginning on Octo-
ber 11, 2015, as ‘‘National Wildlife Refuge Week’’; 
(2) encourages the observance of National 
Wildlife Refuge Week with appropriate events and activities; 
(3) acknowledges the importance of na-
tional wildlife refuges for their recreational opportunities and contribution to local economies across the United States; 
(4) pronounces that national wildlife ref-
uges play a vital role in securing the hunting and fishing heritage of the United States for future generations; 
(5) identifies the significance of national 
wildlife refuges in advancing the traditions of wildlife observation, photography, envi-ronmental education, and interpretation; 
(6) recognizes the importance of national 
wildlife refuges to wildlife conservation and the protection of imperiled species and eco-systems, as well as compatible uses; 
(7) acknowledges the role of national wild-
life refuges in conserving waterfowl and wa-terfowl habitat pursuant to the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (40 Stat. 755, chapter 128); 
(8) reaffirms the support of the Senate for 
wildlife conservation and the National Wild-life Refuge System; and 
(9) expresses the intent of the Senate— (A) to continue working to conserve wild-
life; and 
(B) to manage the National Wildlife Refuge 
System for current and future generations. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 287—CON-
DEMNING THE SENSELESS MUR-DER AND WOUNDING OF 18 INDI-VIDUALS (SONS, DAUGHTERS, FATHERS, MOTHERS, UNCLES, AUNTS, COUSINS, STUDENTS, AND TEACHERS) IN ROSEBURG, OREGON, ON OCTOBER 1, 2015 
Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 287 
Whereas on October 1, 2015, an armed gun-
man opened fire on the Umpqua Community College campus in Roseburg, Oregon, killing 9 individuals and wounding 9 other individ-uals; 
Whereas deceased and surviving victims 
demonstrated acts of heroism and sacrifice for the safety and sake of others; Whereas the first responders were swift 
and professional in their response to the ini-tial call, which avoided even more bloodshed; and 
Whereas, local, State, and Federal law en-
forcement, firefighter, and medical service professionals performed their duties with ut-most skill and coordination: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) offers condolences to the families and 
friends of individuals who were murdered by an armed gunman on the Umpqua Commu-nity College campus in Roseburg, Oregon, on October 1, 2015; 
(2) expresses hope for the swift and com-
plete recovery of individuals who were wounded by the gunman; 
(3) applauds the swift response and profes-
sional conduct of— 
(A) the first responders to the scene; and (B) the investigating officers following the 
neutralization of the gunman, including local, State, and Federal officials and others who offered their support and assistance; and 
(4) remains committed to reducing the 
likelihood of this kind of event happening again. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2711. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. B OOKER ) 
proposed an amendment to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 21, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Vis-itor Center for a ceremony to commemorate the 150th Anniversary of the ratification of the 13th Amendment. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2711. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
BOOKER ) proposed an amendment to 
the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 21, authorizing the use of Emanci-pation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Cen-ter for a ceremony to commemorate the 150th Anniversary of the ratifica-tion of the 13th Amendment; as fol-lows: 
On page 1, lines 8 and 9, strike ‘‘July 8’’ 
and insert ‘‘December 8’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 8, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Oc-tober 8, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a Subcommittee hearing enti-tled ‘‘Consumer Product Safety and the Recall Process.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.039 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7280 October 8, 2015 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 8, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 8, 2015, at 9:45 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 8, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Securing a Prosperous and Democratic Future for Ukraine.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 8, 2015, at 10 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Threats to the Homeland.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on October 8, 2015, at 10:30 a.m., in the President’s Room of the Capitol. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 8, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON THE CONSTITUTION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on the Constitution, be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 8, 2015, at 2 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Theft by Another Name: Emi-nent Domain Ten Years After Kelo v. City of New London.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS , FORESTS , 
AND MINING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources’ Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 8, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STATE DEPARTMENT AND  
USAID MANAGEMENT , INTERNATIONAL OPER -
ATIONS , AND BILATERAL INTERNATIONAL DE -
VELOPMENT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on State Department and USAID Management, International Op-erations, and Bilateral International Development be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Oc-tober 8, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring an Efficient and Effective Diplomatic Security Training Facility for the Twenty-first Century.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Sharon Haggett, a detailee in Senator A
LEX-
ANDER ’s office, have the privileges of 
the floor for the duration of today’s session of the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that Mark Mendenhall, a detailee to the Appro-priations Committee have floor privi-leges for the remainder of the debate on the Energy and Water appropria-tions bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Dan Podair, a legal fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COONS. I yield the floor. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that following leader remarks on Tuesday, October 20, the Senate proceed to executive session to consider the following nomination: Calendar No. 139; that the time until 11 a.m. be equally divided for debate on the nomination in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote without intervening action or debate on the nomination; that following disposition of the nomi-nation, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that any 
statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF STEPHEN C. 
HEDGER TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 210, Stephen Hedger; that the Senate vote without intervening action or debate on the nomination; that fol-lowing disposition of the nomination, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nom-ination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-
diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nation of Stephen C. Hedger, of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the nomination. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there 
is no further debate on the nomination, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Ste-phen C. Hedger, of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense? 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
President shall be notified of the Sen-ate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF 
EMANCIPATION HALL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Rules and Administration Committee be dis-charged from further consideration of S. Con. Res. 21 and the Senate proceed to its consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the concurrent 
resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 21) 
authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to commemorate the 150th Anniversary of the ratification of the 13th Amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08OC6.042 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7281 October 8, 2015 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that a Booker amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to; that the concurrent resolu-tion, as amended, be agreed to; and that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2711) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the resolving clause to 
correct the date of the ceremony) 
On page 1, lines 8 and 9, strike ‘‘July 8’’ 
and insert ‘‘December 8’’. 
The concurrent resolution (S. Con. 
Res. 21), as amended, was agreed to. 
The concurrent resolution, as amend-
ed, reads as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 21 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR 
CEREMONY TO COMMEMORATE THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RATIFI-CATION OF THE 13TH AMENDMENT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Emancipation Hall in 
the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on December 8, 2015, for a ceremony to commemorate the 150th Anniversary of the ratification of the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which abolished slavery in the United States. 
(b) P
REPARATIONS .—Physical preparations 
for the conduct of the ceremony described in subsection (a) shall be carried out in accord-ance with such conditions as may be pre-scribed by the Architect of the Capitol. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE AND 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF ROBERT EDWARD SIMON, JR. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 285, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 285) commemorating 
the life and accomplishments of Robert Ed-ward Simon, Jr. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 285) was 
agreed to. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, just over 
a year ago, I attended a dual celebra-tion in the Town of Reston, VA—50 years since the town’s founding and 100 years since the birth of its founder. That founder, Robert E. Simon, Jr., whose initials were the basis for nam-
ing the town, passed away on Sep-tember 21st at the age of 101. 
Bob Simon was a visionary who rec-
ognized that all humans ought to be able to live together and be neighbors. His vision was of a community in which people could live, work, and play in the same general area. He believed that features like natural landscaping, open plazas, and public art were impor-tant to building a vibrant community and fostering a sense of place. Today we would call that ‘‘smart growth,’’ but to Bob, it was simply common- sense. His vision was ahead of its time in another way. It was a vision of a community in which people of all races and income levels could coexist—a vi-sion that was not yet shared by all in the segregated Virginia of the early 1960s. 
The legacy of Bob Simon will live on 
in the community he created and loved. I and my Virginia colleague Sen-ator M
ARK WARNER ask the Senate to 
formally commemorate Bob and the ideals he championed in his life’s work of a better and more just America. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE 
WEEK 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 286. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 286) designating the 
week beginning on October 11, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Wildlife Refuge Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 286) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
WELCOMING THE PRESIDENT OF 
THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA ON HER OFFICIAL VISIT TO THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 278. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 278) welcoming the 
President of the Republic of Korea on her of-ficial visit to the United States and cele-brating the United States-Republic of Korea relationship, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 278) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of October 6, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 2165 AND S. 2169 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand that there are two bills at the desk, and I ask for their first read-ing en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bills by title for the first time en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2165) to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to permanently authorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
A bill (S. 2169) to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to extend the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
now ask for a second reading, and I ob-ject to my own request, all en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bills will receive their second 
reading on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9, 
2015, THROUGH MONDAY, OCTO-BER 19, 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Friday, October 9, for a pro forma session only with no business being conducted; further, that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, October 9, it next convene for a pro forma session only with no business conducted on the following dates and times: Tuesday, October 13, at 10:30 a.m., and Friday, October 16, at 10 a.m.; further, that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, October 16, it next convene at 4 p.m. on Monday, October 19; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader re-marks, the Senate resume consider-ation of the motion to proceed to S. 2146. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.068 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7282 October 8, 2015 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 5:49 p.m., adjourned until Friday, October 9, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
DANA J. BOENTE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES 
ATTORNEY FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE NEIL H. MACBRIDE, RESIGNED. 
ROBERT LLOYD CAPERS, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED 
STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE LORETTA E. LYNCH, RESIGNED. 
JOHN P. FISHWICK, JR., OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF VIR-GINIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE TIMOTHY J. HEAPHY, RESIGNED. 
CHANNING D. PHILLIPS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DIS-TRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE RONALD C. MACHEN, JR., RESIGNED. 
EMILY GRAY RICE, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, TO BE UNITED 
STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW HAMP-SHIRE FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE JOHN P. KACAVAS, RESIGNED. 
RANDOLPH J. SEILER, OF SOUTH DAKOTA, TO BE 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF SOUTH DAKOTA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE BRENDAN V. JOHNSON, RESIGNED. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be colonel 
TARNJIT S. SAINI 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-
MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
TERRY A. PETROPOULOS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JESSICA L. MORERA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
KARI J. TEREICK 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
AMOS J. HOCHSTEIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, 
TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (ENERGY RESOURCES), VICE JOHN STERN WOLF. 
DAVID MCKEAN, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE AMBAS-
SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO LUXEMBOURG. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate October 8, 2015: 
FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION  
MARIO CORDERO, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A FEDERAL 
MARITIME COMMISSIONER FOR THE TERM EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2019. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
STEPHEN C. HEDGER, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
SARAH ELIZABETH MENDELSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF 
COLUMBIA, TO BE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA ON THE ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL 
COUNCIL OF THE UNITED NATIONS, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. 
UNITED NATIONS  
SARAH ELIZABETH MENDELSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF 
COLUMBIA, TO BE AN ALTERNATE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SESSIONS OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS, DURING HER TENURE OF SERVICE AS REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA ON THE ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL COUNCIL OF THE UNITED NATIONS. 
PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION  
W. THOMAS REEDER, JR., OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DIREC-
TOR OF THE PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORA-TION. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
LUCY TAMLYN, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEMBER OF 
THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF BENIN. 
JEFFREY J. HAWKINS, JR., OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC. 
DAVID R. GILMOUR, OF TEXAS, A CAREER MEMBER OF 
THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE TOGOLESE REPUBLIC. 
EDWIN RICHARD NOLAN, JR., OF MASSACHUSETTS, A 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF SURINAME. 
CAROLYN PATRICIA ALSUP, OF FLORIDA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF THE GAMBIA. 
DANIEL H. RUBINSTEIN, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEM-
BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF TUNISIA. 
SUSAN COPPEDGE AMATO, OF GEORGIA, TO BE DIREC-
TOR OF THE OFFICE TO MONITOR AND COMBAT TRAF-FICKING, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR AT LARGE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G08OC6.078 S08OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1449 October 8, 2015 
HOMEBUYERS ASSISTANCE ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 7, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in strong opposition to H.R. 3192, the Homebuyers Assistance Act, which would delay, until February 1, 2016 enforcement of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) integrated rule regarding disclosures that mortgage lenders must provide to home-buyers. 
I oppose this legislation for two principal 
reasons. 
First, H.R. 3192 contains a provision that 
hurts homeowners by removing their private right of action for violations of the CFPB’s Truth in Lending Act—RESPA Integrated Dis-closure (TRID) regulations. 
Second, I oppose the legislation because it 
is unnecessary since the CFPB has previously announced its intention to take into account good faith efforts by lenders in evaluating compliance by lenders with the TRID regula-tions. 
Madam Speaker, it should be noted that 
CFPB gave the mortgage industry approxi-mately two years notice to implement the new disclosure requirements, and this past summer extended that deadline until October 3, 2015. 
H.R. 3192 would revise the effective date 
for the Know Before You Owe rule to February 1, 2016, and would shield lenders from liability for violations for loans originated before Feb-ruary 1 so long as lenders made a good faith effort to comply. 
In extending the effective date of the Know 
Before You Owe rule by an additional 4 months, H.R. 3192 unnecessarily delays im-plementation of important consumer protec-tions designed to eradicate opaque lending practices that contribute to risky mortgages and hurt homeowners by removing their pri-vate right of action for violations, and under-cuts the Nation’s financial stability. 
The delay of enforcement harms consumers 
by encouraging some lenders to attempt to evade the new rule and reduces the incentive to comply promptly. 
Having witnessed the economic and finan-
cial devastation inflicted on the economy, busi-ness, and households in 2008 resulting from 
inadequate oversight of the financial industry, we simply cannot afford to repeat that mis-take. 
I urge my colleagues to vote to protect con-
sumers and homebuyers from predatory and unfair lending practices by voting against H.R. 3192. RECOGNIZING ELIZABETH 
MATSUMOTO AS 2015 NONPROFIT LEADER 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Elizabeth Matsumoto, who is honored by the Northern California Association of Nonprofits with the 2015 Nonprofit Leader Achievement Award, a recognition she richly deserves. 
Elizabeth’s commitment to improving the 
lives of those in need in Humboldt County is noteworthy. Through her work with Housing Humboldt, she has touched numerous lives by increasing access to quality, safe, and afford-able housing for lower and moderate-income individuals, families and seniors—a much- needed resource in this rural region. 
While obtaining her Environment and Com-
munity Master’s degree from Humboldt State University, Ms. Matsumoto joined Housing Humboldt in 2003, working on the develop-ment of the county’s first community land trust homes. Since then she has been integral to the completion of 22 community land trust homes, which provide a unique opportunity for affordable home ownership. She continues to assist with resale and refinancing to keep these homes affordable. Elizabeth’s technical expertise and leadership also made it possible for Housing Humboldt to continue to manage and improve 105 affordable apartments throughout the county. 
During periods of organizational transition, 
Elizabeth Matsumoto stepped up to provide stability and guidance as interim executive di-rector, development director, and now as co- executive director while seeing large-scale housing projects through to completion. Most recently, she led the development of the coun-ty’s first permanent supportive housing com-plex, which opened in September to serve chronically homeless and extremely low in-come individuals, including supportive services such as case management to help keep peo-ple housed. She forged multiple partnerships and creatively leveraged millions of dollars in investments to bring this dream to fruition. 
In addition to her work with Housing Hum-
boldt, Elizabeth Matsumoto has shared her tal-ents with the community through the Humboldt League of Women Voters Board of Directors, Humboldt Tri-Kids Triathlon Organizing Com-mittee, and the Community Gifts Committee for the Alzheimer’s Center. She balances her service with being a mom to two young chil-dren and enjoying activities such as running, mountain biking, and playing soccer. 
Mr. Speaker, Elizabeth Matsumoto’s com-
mitment to improving access to safe and af-fordable housing is commendable and worthy of recognition. I urge my colleagues to join me in extending our congratulations to her. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on Octo-
ber 7, 2015, I was unable to vote on H.R. 3192, the Homebuyers Assistance Act, intro-duced by Rep. F
RENCH HILL. I would have 
voted in support of final passage of H.R. 3192, roll call No. 540, had I been present. 
Additionally, I would have voted in support 
of H. Res. 461, roll call No. 538, to establish a select investigative panel on the Energy and Commerce Committee, introduced by Rep. F
REDUPTON . 
f 
CONGRATULATING NEW HAVEN 
HIGH SCHOOL ON THEIR REC-OGNITION AS A NATIONAL BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating New Haven High School on their recognition as a National Blue Ribbon School for 2015 from the U.S. Department of Edu-cation. 
This award is based on a school’s overall 
academic excellence or progress in closing achievement gaps among student subgroups. As one of only 285 public schools receiving national recognition, New Haven High School’s administration, teachers, and stu-dents have shown dedication and commitment to hard work that contributed to receiving this award. It is evident that New Haven High School represents excellence within the school and also with the surrounding community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing New 
Haven High School for a job well done. 
f 
CELEBRATING SENATOR AKAKA’S 
91ST BIRTHDAY 
HON. MARK TAKAI 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, today I wish to ad-
dress the House to say Happy Birthday to a selfless public servant, Senator Daniel K. Akaka. As we celebrate his 91st birthday, let us look back on a few of his numerous ac-complishments as a Soldier, teacher and as a Member of Congress. 
Born on September 11, 1924 in Honolulu, 
Hawaii, Senator Akaka has worked ever since as a dedicated civil servant to Hawaii and the United States. During World War II, he served 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08OC8.001 E08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1450 October 8, 2015 
in the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. After his 
military service, he earned his bachelor’s de-gree in education at the University of Hawaii. 
As a school teacher and principal, he en-
couraged the use of the Native Hawaiian lan-guage and culture in schools and worked tire-lessly to create some of the first Head Start programs in the State. The education of chil-dren, especially the Native Hawaiian children, was extremely important to him because he knew that increasing access to opportunity would improve educational outcomes among children. 
First elected to the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives in 1976, he served there for 14 years until he was elected to the Senate, where he served until he retired in January 2013. Senator Akaka fought endlessly to ad-vocate on behalf of Hawaii, particularly Native Hawaiians, and his work on the Veteran’s Af-fairs Committee combating PTSD and unem-ployment among Soldiers has had a profound impact on our country. 
His commitment to a lifetime of public serv-
ice in the military, as a teacher and as a United States Senator should be an inspiration and motivation to us all. 
We wish Senator Akaka the best for the 
coming year. Happy Birthday (Hau‘oli la ¯ 
ha¯nau), Senator Akaka. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO THE HEROIC 
ACTIONS OF CHRIS MINTZ 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to Chris Mintz—an Army veteran who answered the call when our nation need-ed him and again when a heartless gunman threatened a community in Oregon. 
As a high school football star from North 
Carolina and a 10-year army Veteran, Chris is known as a tough guy. According to those who know him best, he’s always one to ‘‘cow-boy up.’’ 
And one week ago, on October 1, Chris did 
more than that. He didn’t wake up planning to be a hero, but that’s what he became. 
When he heard gun shots at his school, he 
ran towards them, pulling fire alarms and fight-ing to save others. With dogged determination, he fought to block the shooter from entering a classroom and was shot seven times. 
It’s clear his incredible bravery and selfless 
actions saved lives and prevented a far worse tragedy. I applaud Chris for his integrity, self- sacrifice and valor in the face of such evil, and my wife Renee and I send our thoughts and prayers to him and his loved ones. 
Mr. Speaker, I would ask my colleagues, as 
we continue to mourn the dead in Oregon, let’s put politics aside and take heart in the heroic acts of this American hero. Chris Mintz deserves our utmost gratitude and respect. Let’s give it to him. IN RECOGNITION OF THE HEROIC 
ACTS OF MR. SAMUEL SELL 
HON. DAVID P. JOYCE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
recognize Samuel Sell of Bainbridge Town-ship, Ohio for his heroic actions on September 13, 2015. Samuel was fishing with his cousin at the LaDue Reservoir when he observed an occupied vehicle go into the water, trapping the driver inside. When no one got out of the car, Samuel swam 100 feet toward the car while he asked his cousin to call 911 imme-diately. He brought a fishing knife out with him to help free the passenger, which he then gave to the emergency responders when they reached the car. Due to his quick thinking and heroic bravery he helped save a man’s life. Along with all of the residents of the 14th Con-gressional District, I commend him for his ac-tions and wanted to record his feat so that it is enshrined for all future generations. 
f 
HONORING OCTOBER 8TH AS NA-
TIONAL HYDROGEN AND FUEL CELL DAY 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to introduce 
a House resolution expressing support for today, October 8th, as National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day. 
Although we are just now developing and 
implementing new applications for hydrogen fuel cells, this technology has a long and proud history that goes back to the Apollo space missions. 
Fuel cells utilize hydrogen without combus-
tion to generate electricity in a way that is clean, efficient, and quiet. 
Today, mobile and stationary fuel cell sys-
tems produce clean power for vehicles, fork-lifts, utilities, businesses, and homes. 
Stationary fuel cells provide resilient back- 
up power sources for institutions that cannot afford to lose power, such as hospitals. They are increasingly being used as primary elec-trical sources as well. 
Air Products and Chemicals, located in my 
district, is in the process of deploying 40 hy-drogen fueling stations to support the recently announced rollout of hydrogen powered vehi-cles from several major auto manufacturers. 
I have had the opportunity both to drive and 
fuel these vehicles, and I can say from experi-ence that the process is safe, easy, and sur-prisingly unremarkable. It’s just like driving a traditional car, except the only emission it pro-duces is water. 
In closing, I am proud to stand with the 
innovators of this growing industry as we rec-ognize today as National Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Day. TRIBUTE TO DAVID KEPLER 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to David Kepler, Chairman of the United Way’s Alexis de Tocqueville Society, upon receiving the 2015 Distinguished Citizen Award. 
A valued member of the community involved 
in many civic organizations, David Kepler joined the Dow Chemical Company in 1975. He went on to serve as Dow’s Executive Vice President for Business Services, its Chief In-formation Officer and Chief Sustainability Offi-cer. David is currently a board member of the Midland Baseball Foundation, Momentum Mid-land and chairman of the MidMichigan Innova-tion Center. 
The Distinguished Citizens Award is given 
to an outstanding individual who shows con-sistent Scouting values and provides distin-guished service to both youth and community. David lives in Sanford and has been a com-munity leader who has had a positive impact throughout the region. 
On behalf of the Fourth Congressional Dis-
trict of Michigan, I am honored today to recog-nize David Kepler for his service to the Boy Scouts of America and his contributions to the Midland community. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MAYOR JOE BEN-
NETT OF THOMASVILLE, NORTH CAROLINA 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Joe Bennett, Mayor of the City of Thom-asville, located in the 8th Congressional Dis-trict of North Carolina. Mayor Bennett has been a tireless advocate for the people of Thomasville, and has fully earned the admira-tion and gratitude of his fellow North Caro-linians. 
A native of High Point, North Carolina, 
Mayor Bennett served the Duke Power Com-pany for 36 years before retiring and pursuing a career in public service. After his retirement in 1998, Mayor Bennett ran for and was elect-ed to the Thomasville City Council, where he served two terms before being elected Mayor of the City of Thomasville in 2003. 
During his tenure, Mayor Bennett has made 
job creation and infrastructure development two of his highest priorities. After a period of rapid manufacturing and furniture building job loss in the area, Mayor Bennett was success-fully able to bring jobs back to the city with the opening of a large manufacturing facility. Mayor Bennett also led a city-wide initiative, known as ‘‘Children at Play,’’ designed to up-grade local playgrounds in order to combat childhood obesity. I have also been told that if there was a celebration in the city of Thomas-ville, whether it is a large parade, a small church ceremony, or an individual’s 100th birthday celebration, Mayor Bennett was there with a smile on his face. 
In addition to his service as Mayor of Thom-
asville, Mayor Bennett has earned his title as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08OC8.004 E08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1451 October 8, 2015 
a ‘‘civil servant’’ through his various charitable 
and volunteer roles. To highlight a few of these roles; he delivers ‘‘meals on wheels,’’ serves on the Economic Development Com-mission of Davidson County, serves on the Community General Hospital Board, and is an active member in the Rotary Club of Thomas-ville. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in thank-
ing Mayor Joe Bennett for his esteemed serv-ice to the City of Thomasville and congratu-lating him on his well-deserved retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, I voted for H.R. 3192, the Homebuyers Assistance Act, which will delay enforcement of the Mortgage Disclosure Rule until early next year. While I understand concerns about this legislation and delaying enforcement, even the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, which drafted this regulation, has de-layed the rule and acknowledged that further improvements need to be made. The Motion to Recommit would refine this legislation by ensuring that the path towards legal redress is not blocked for our most vulnerable home-buyers like veterans and seniors, which is why I voted for it as well as the underlying bill. Going forward, it’s my hope that the Senate will continue to improve the Homebuyers As-sistance Act. The underlying objective of se-curing a more transparent and consumer- friendly process for home ownership is deeply important. The rule would increase trans-parency for mortgage lenders and reduce con-fusion for homebuyers seeking a mortgage, strengthening critical consumer protections. That’s why it is necessary to get this right, even it takes a few more months. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROTARY CLUB 
OF HANFORD 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Rotary Club of Hanford in honor of its Seventy-Fifth Anniversary. 
The Rotary Club of Hanford (RCH) was 
charter on October 6, 1940 in order to serve the community of Hanford, California. Since its establishment, the RCH has been a pillar in its community and spearheaded many events. Specifically, the Chapter has helped acquire playground equipment for multiple parks, re-built the Babe Ruth Baseball Field, sponsored numerous Little League teams, assisted with highway cleanup, conducted holiday food drives, sponsored foreign exchange students, and administered a Job Shadow Program. The RCH has also been active internationally and helped to establish two orphanages in Mexico, schools, health clinics, and clean water projects in Guatemala, and build Hope High School in Kenya. 
Over the past seventy-five years, the RCH 
has helped Hanford and its residents thrive. We are fortunate to have such a committed 
Rotary Club in our community. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in celebrating the Rotary Club of Han-ford’s Seventy-Fifth Anniversary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL HAYES 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to Michael Hayes, president and chief executive officer of the Midland Center for the Arts, in recognition of his five years of service to the Center and his many contribu-tions to the community. 
An influential member of the Midland com-
munity for more than forty years, Michael Hayes originally moved to Midland to work in the Midland County Courthouse. He went on to serve four terms in the Michigan House of Representatives, work as the vice-president of executive relations at the Dow Chemical Com-pany, and founded Main Street Consulting. Before his selection as CEO of the Midland Center for the Arts, Michael Hayes served on the board of directors for the Center and on the Matrix:Midland advisory board. 
During his tenure as president and CEO, 
Michael Hayes brought in exciting exhibits, en-hanced the Operating Philosophy and Core Values of the Midland Center for the Arts and oversaw the highest earned revenue season in MCFTA history. In his five years at the helm of MCFTA, Michael truly helped to change lives through the arts, sciences and history. 
On behalf of the Fourth Congressional Dis-
trict of Michigan, I am honored today to recog-nize Michael Hayes for his service to the Mid-land Center for the Arts and his contributions to the Midland community. 
f 
WELCOMING SOUTH KOREAN 
PRESIDENT PARK GEUN-HYE TO THE UNITED STATES 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr Speaker, I rise today on 
behalf of Northern New Jersey’s vibrant Ko-rean American community. I would like to wel-come the long awaited visit of South Korean President Park Geun-hye to the United States. 
I want to express my deepest condolences 
to President Park and the people of South Korea for the deadly Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) outbreak, which infected 186 people and tragically claimed 36 lives. 
As we mourn this heartbreaking loss, I was 
encouraged to learn that the last South Ko-rean patient previously diagnosed with MERS has tested negative for the virus and has showed a complete recovery from the disease. 
It is my hope that this visit will provide a 
venue for our countries to find new areas of cooperation in protecting our environment, im-proving global responses to health crisis, and for continued engagement on regional security that will bolster our nation’s relationship in the 21st century. I am proud to represent one of the largest 
Korean American communities in Congress because they have made significant contribu-tions to the success of our nation and have enriched our heritage through their unwavering patriotism, strong values and entrepreneurial spirit. 
I look forward to President Park’s visit and 
will continue to be a strong advocate for my constituents so we can make New Jersey and our nation a better place for all. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL PLASMA 
AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, International 
Plasma Awareness Week will occur October 11 to 17, 2015. Around the world, there will be observances to raise global awareness of the crucial need for plasma to create lifesaving therapies, recognize that plasma donors con-tribute greatly in saving and improving lives, and increase understanding of the many rare diseases and plasma protein therapies that help to treat them. 
Plasma-derived therapies and recombinant 
blood clotting factors, collectively known as plasma protein therapies, are unique, biologic medicines that are either infused or injected to treat a variety of rare, life-threatening, chronic, and genetic diseases including bleeding dis-orders, immune deficiencies, pulmonary dis-orders, neurological disorders, shock and trau-ma, liver cirrhosis, and infectious diseases such as tetanus, hepatitis, and rabies. 
Plasma-derived therapies save and improve 
lives of individuals throughout the world, in-cluding in emergency and surgical medicine. Plasma protein therapies have significantly im-proved the quality of life, markedly improved patient outcomes, and extended the life ex-pectancy of individuals with rare, chronic dis-eases and conditions. 
Healthy, committed donors provide the plas-
ma essential to manufacture these lifesaving therapies; and there are more than 450 plas-ma collection centers in the U.S. that have demonstrated their commitment to plasma donor and patient safety and quality by earn-ing International Quality Plasma Program (IQPP) certification. 
I ask that my colleagues in the House of 
Representatives join me and rise in com-memoration of International Plasma Aware-ness Week, honoring those committed donors and collection centers who make and collect needed and lifesaving contributions. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 
540 on final passage of H.R. 3192, the Home-buyers Assistance Act, I would have voted ‘‘Aye,’’ which is consistent with my position on this legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08OC8.006 E08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1452 October 8, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM WEIDEMAN 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to Bill Weideman, former Execu-tive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Dow Chemical Company, upon his in-duction into this year’s Junior Achievement Business Hall of Fame. 
After graduating from Central Michigan Uni-
versity in 1976 with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Bill Weideman joined The Dow Chemical Company. During his thir-ty-nine-year tenure, Bill held many positions, including Controller for Dowbrands and Texas Operations, Global Business Finance Director for Specialty Chemicals, Performance Chemi-cals, Basic Chemicals and Basic Plastics, Vice President and Corporate Controller, Interim Chief Financial Officer and, finally, Chief Fi-nancial Officer in 2010. In 2012, he adminis-tered the Corporate Strategic Development and executive oversight for Dow AgroSciences. Bill served on Dow Chemical’s Executive Committee and was a member of the Board of Directors at both Sadara Chem-ical Company and Dow Corning Corporation. 
Bill Weideman remains very active in the 
community, serving on the Board of the Dow Chemical Employees’ Credit Union, Mid Michi-gan Medical Health Systems, the Midland Baseball Foundation and the Central Michigan University Board of Trustees, as well as volun-teering for Midland Cancer Services and Fam-ily & Children Services. 
In keeping with Junior Achievement’s mis-
sion of a commitment to market-based eco-nomics, honesty, integrity and excellence as well as the belief in the potential of young people, Bill Weideman’s career has reflected these values. Through his illustrious career at The Dow Chemical Company and his involve-ment in the Midland community, Bill has posi-tively influenced the careers and lives of countless individuals. 
On behalf of the Fourth Congressional Dis-
trict of Michigan, I am honored today to wel-come Bill Weideman into the Junior Achieve-ment Business Hall of Fame. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. LINDA 
HATFIELD 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Mrs. Linda Hatfield for receiving a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Amer-ican Cancer Society (ACS). 
Mrs. Hatfield was born on December 24, 
1935. She grew up in the Central Valley of California and attended Lemoore High School. After completing her education, Mrs. Hatfield became a teacher and taught in Central Valley schools until her retirement. A lifelong Central Valley resident, Mrs. Hatfield currently resides in Hanford, California with her husband, Bill Hatfield. Together they have three children, seven grandchildren, and seven great-grand-children. In 1982 while still teaching full-time, Mrs. 
Hatfield began volunteering for the ACS. Over the last three decades, she has dedicated her life to the organization, successfully recruited additional volunteers, and educated many on how to prevent and survive cancer. Mrs. Hat-field also served on the ACS Board of Direc-tors and helped reopen the ACS office after it was shut down as an entirely volunteer-run lo-cation. A survivor herself, Mrs. Hatfield has gone above and beyond her duty as a volun-teer and demonstrated her commitment to fighting cancer time and time again. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Mrs. Linda Hatfield on being honored with an American Cancer Society Lifetime Achievement Award. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I submit a clari-
fication of my vote during consideration of H.R. 3192, the Homebuyers Assistance Act. I mistakenly voted ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote 540, final passage of the bill. I intended to vote ‘‘aye’’. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE PASTIME CLUB 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Pastime Club, located in the Borough of Mendham, Morris County, New Jersey as they celebrate their 100th Anniver-sary. 
The Pastime Club has been an integral part 
of Mendham’s community life since its found-ing, on June 22, 1915, as a civic and fraternal organization. 
The Pastime Club began its modern era 
after the Great Depression in 1938. At this point the club met monthly and hosted Pinochet and Quoits tournaments along with an annual children’s Christmas party. During the Second World War club members restored a building at 3 Hilltop Road, which has been their home for over 75 years now. As a volun-teer organization, members devoted their time to the restoration, and raised funds to cover the costs. In 1947 two apartments were built on the second-floor of 3 Hilltop Road. In March of 1953 construction started on ‘‘The Lanes,’’ a bowling alley. Keeping with tradition, the bowling alley was built by The Pastime Club members on a volunteer basis. ‘‘The Lanes’’ was finished in October of the same year. Over the next 60 years ‘‘The Lanes’’ was a community asset, hosting birthday parties, and community leagues. Currently ‘‘The Lanes’’ is maintained by the club for the use of their members, along with bowling leagues being open to the public. 
Today, the Pastime Club is the single larg-
est supporter of youth athletic programs in the Mendhams, exemplified by its motto ‘‘Progress 
in Sports’’. They sponsor teams and leagues, provide equipment for fields, and provide scholarships to local student-athletes. The Pastime Club also supports a semi-profes-sional baseball team that competes in the Morris County Major League. Along with sup-porting local sports, the Pastime Club hosts the largest community event in Mendham—the Labor Day Carnival. This tradition began in 1943 and has run every year since. Today the carnival includes rides, games, food, fireworks, and a 50/50 raffle. All members take shifts vol-
unteering to ensure the event is the success that it has been. In addition to the Labor Day Carnival, the Pastime Club brings their own circus to town. The Pastime Club also hosts a number of member oriented events including golf outings, and a Christmas party. 
For the Pastime Club’s 100th Anniversary, I 
commend its Leadership, Board of Directors and members who have selflessly volunteered their time over the club’s history to provide services to the residents of Mendham. It is clear that the Pastime Club has provided serv-ices to the community that have improved the lives of everyone living there. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating the Pastime Club, its Board of Directors in celebrating its 100th Anniversary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAN KOZAKIEWICZ 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to Dan Kozakiewicz, Chairman of Three Rivers Corporation, upon receiving the 2015 Distinguished Citizen Award. 
An influential member of the Midland com-
munity for more than twenty-five years, Dan Kozakiewicz started his illustrious career with Three Rivers Corporation in 1986. He was ap-pointed president in 2001, and currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Three Rivers Corporation has thrived under Dan’s leadership, fulfilling commitments to its customers and community. Of all company ac-complishments, Dan remains most proud of Three Rivers Corporation’s commitment to safety in the workplace. 
The Distinguished Citizen Award is given to 
an outstanding individual who shows con-sistent Scouting values and provides distin-guished service to both youth and community. A former Boy Scout in his hometown of Bay City and now a Cub Scout leader for his son’s Pack in Midland, Dan has been an exemplary role model for youth in the Great Lakes Bay Region. 
On behalf of the Fourth Congressional Dis-
trict of Michigan, I am honored today to recog-nize Dan Kozakiewicz for his service to the Boy Scouts of America and his contributions to the Midland community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08OC8.010 E08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1453 October 8, 2015 
HONORING THE LATE MS. ALMA 
BEATTY OF NEWARK 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Ms. Alma Beatty, the longtime Vice President of Community Affairs at Newark Beth Israel Medical Center, who passed away earlier this year. 
Ms. Beatty was born in Newark, New Jer-
sey, and became one of the city’s most be-loved citizens through her 45 years of service at ‘‘The Beth.’’ 
Under Ms. Beatty’s leadership, ‘‘The Beth’’ 
became a model of excellence in protecting the most vulnerable among us. 
Thanks to her vision, ‘‘The Beth’’ instituted 
a number of community service programs that continue to this day, including Thanksgiving Giveaway Programs, the Adopt a Child Christ-mas Program, the Alma Beatty Health and Wellness Fair, and job readiness workshops. 
Ms. Beatty truly was a voice for the voice-
less. She dedicated her life to improving the lives of the people of Newark, and for that we are eternally grateful. 
Words cannot express how much Ms. 
Beatty meant to me and my family throughout the years. 
I had the pleasure of working with her while 
she was Vice President of Community Affairs for Newark Beth Israel Medical Center. To-gether, we were able to secure funds to con-struct ‘‘The Beth’s’’ Geriatric Emergency De-partment. 
Ms. Beatty graciously dedicated her life to 
building a tremendous legacy here in Essex County; one committed to improving the qual-ity of life for all residents regardless of their fi-nancial background. 
She was a true role model for all that she 
did and accomplished for the City of Newark. 
Last month, I had the honor of participating 
in a ceremony to change the name of New-ark’s Osborne Terrace to ‘‘Alma Beatty Way.’’ 
It is a fitting recognition of Ms. Beatty’s con-
tributions to the City of Newark and Essex County. 
To Ms. Beatty’s family, I extend my thoughts 
and prayers. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 
538 on final passage H. Res. 461, Estab-lishing a Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, I would have voted Aye, which is consistent with my position on this legislation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVE CAMP 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to The Honorable Dave Camp, Senior Policy Advisor at 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, former Member of the U.S. House of Representatives and former Chairman of the House Committee on Ways and Means, upon his induction into this year’s Junior Achievement Business Hall of Fame. 
Dave Camp was born and raised in Mid-
land, Michigan, where he attended H.H. Dow High School. He went on to receive a Bach-elor of Arts from Albion College and a Juris Doctor from the University of San Diego be-fore coming back to his hometown to practice law at the firm of Riecker, George, Hartley, Van Dam and Camp. 
It was with a passion for public service that 
Dave Camp ran and was elected State Rep-resentative for Michigan’s 102nd District. He served one term in the state legislature before his election to the United States House of Representatives in 1990. During Camp’s ten-ure, from 1991 to 2015, he served his con-stituents and country honorably. He cut through the red tape of bureaucracy to ensure his constituents received the services they needed and their voices were heard in Wash-ington. 
Legislatively, his list of accomplishments is 
innumerable. Dave Camp was a leading advo-cate in Congress for breaking down barriers to adoption and advancing efforts to harmonize varying state and national laws to make adop-tions safer and more efficient. He introduced landmark adoption legislation, called the Adop-tion and Safe Families Act, which was signed into law by President Bill Clinton. This law streamlined the adoption process to quickly help move more children in foster care into permanent adoptive homes. He also worked hard to inject accountability into federal safety net programs, playing an integral role in enact-ment into law of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act—legislation that re-formed our welfare system and helped move people out of poverty. 
His hard work, intellect and leadership led to 
Camp’s appointment as Ranking Member and later Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee. In this role, Camp introduced pol-icy on a wide range of important issues. To highlight just a few, he ushered into enactment three job creating trade deals that were the most significant expansion of trade relations in nearly two decades. He also introduced the Tax Reform Act of 2014, deemed the most comprehensive tax reform proposal since the mid 1980s. 
As Senior Policy Advisor at 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Camp continues working to advance economic, tax, inter-national trade and health care policy. His tre-mendous expertise and perspective on legisla-tive and regulatory processes will enable his clients to make a positive impact in the global market. 
In keeping with Junior Achievement’s mis-
sion of a commitment to market-based eco-nomics, honesty, integrity and excellence as well as the belief in the potential of young people, Dave Camp’s career has reflected these values. Whether working on landmark adoption reform during his early years in Con-gress, or mentoring junior staff to reach their full potential, Camp has positively influenced the careers and lives of countless individuals. 
On behalf of the Fourth Congressional Dis-
trict of Michigan, I am honored today to recog-nize Dave Camp for his many contributions to our country and the great state of Michigan. RESTORING VOTING RIGHTS 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of the bipartisan Voting Rights Amendment Act of 2015, H.R. 885, and urge Republican Leadership to bring it to the floor for consideration. 
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was born 
from the ‘‘Bloody Sunday’’ marches from Selma to Montgomery. 
With its enactment over fifty years ago, it 
protected the ability of every American to make their voice heard at the voting booth. 
In 2013, that changed. In the two years 
since the Supreme Court struck down one of the Voting Rights Act’s most important provi-sions in Shelby County v. Holder,—the Justice Department’s ability to prevent discriminatory rules—our democracy has been weakened. 
Mr. Speaker, every American deserves un-
fettered access to exercising one of our most basic rights—the right to vote. 
It is time for Congress to right the wrong 
created by the Shelby decision and pass H.R. 885, legislation that restores the full power of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
I urge my colleagues to cosponsor H.R. 
885, and I strongly urge Republican Leader-ship to bring it to the floor for a vote before October 31st. 
f 
GIRLS LIKE ME PROJECT INC 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to acknowledge the Girls Like Me Project Inc for their 4th Annual Chicago Day of the Girl, this organization has con-nected more than 500 Chicagoland girls with the global girl empowerment movement. Since 2011 this non-for-profit group has been men-toring urban African-American girls in hopes to help them make positive life choices and con-nect globally with their peers. International Day of the Girl was adopted by the United Na-tions in 2011, since then millions of girls and women around the globe have participated in this movement to help educate and shed light on social and political injustices impacting girls and women across the globe. I support the Girls Like Me Project and commend them for their continued efforts to help the disenfranchised young women in the Chicagoland area and for their continued work with the global initiative known as International Day of the Girl. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, I submit the following remarks regarding my absence from votes which occurred on Oc-tober 6, 2015. I was delayed in arriving in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08OC8.010 E08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1454 October 8, 2015 
Washington due to the current flooding crisis 
threatening families. 
1) H.R. 1553—Small Bank Exam Cycle Re-
form Act—AYE 
2) H.R. 1839—Reforming Access for Invest-
ments in Startup Enterprises—AYE 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 
518 on final passage of H.R. 348, Responsibly and Professionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015, I would have voted Aye, which is consistent with my position on this legislation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 40TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE INFORMA-TION CENTER 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize The Information Center on their 40th anniversary. The accomplishments of this long-standing non-profit agency exemplify the importance and strength of public-private part-nerships in our communities. 
Founded in 1975 in Taylor, Michigan, The 
Information Center was created to inform citi-zens of the over 10,000 resources available to them, including both private sector assistance and public services offered by their local, state, and federal governments. Since becom-ing the first organization in Michigan to be cer-tified by the national Alliance for Information and Referral Services, the Information Center has become an indispensible tool for con-necting people with the human service re-sources that fit their individual needs. Learning from their experience in our communities, The Information Center has expanded over the years and has initiated programs that address unemployment, health and wellness, housing, transportation, veterans services, financial and legal assistance, disability advocacy and other human services. In addition, The Information Center emphasizes support for our seniors by providing options for home care and caregiver training that respects the dignity and encour-ages the independence of older Americans. 
For 40 years, The Information Center has 
held itself to the highest standards to ensure that our residents always have somewhere to turn. The most recent report from the Michigan Department of Community Health ranked The Information Center as best in the county and second best in the state for quality assurance in their work with seniors. Their tireless efforts have helped the citizens of Southeast Michi-gan with comprehensive, community-based programs that help control the cost of care for our elders and provide peace of mind to our families. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today in gratitude to honor The Information Center on their 40th anniversary and wish them many more years of success. RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE NATION’S FIRST COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize an outstanding landmark to commu-nity health and welfare. This year marks the 50th anniversary of the nation’s Community Health Center program Community Health Centers (CHC) are the family doctor to over 23 million Americans and, as such, are the largest network of primary care providers in the country. The CHC model is distinguished by its comprehensive range of health services, recognizing the particular needs and charac-teristics of the communities they serve. Com-munity Health Centers are located exclusively in medically-underserved areas, providing needed care for communities and populations that do not have adequate access to care. Community involvement in CHCs is guaran-teed by the requirement that Federal Qualified Health Centers must have governing boards of directors that have patients of the center hold-ing at least 51% of the board seats. 
In the 8th Congressional District of Massa-
chusetts we are particularly proud because the nation’s first community health center opened in December 1965 on Columbia Point in Bos-ton’s Dorchester neighborhood. Drs. Jack Gei-ger and Count Gibson of Tufts Medical School founded the Columbia Point Health Center in order to meet the needs of the residents of an isolated public housing project, cut off from the City’s health resources. Drs. Geiger and Gib-son opened a rural center shortly thereafter in the Delta region of Mississippi. From that start, the community health center program ex-panded throughout the country. In 1985, Co-lumbia Point Health Center joined with the Neponset Health Center to form Harbor Health Services, Inc. And in 1990, the Columbia Point Health Center moved into a new building and was renamed Geiger Gibson Community Health Center in honor of the founders of the national movement. 
Mr. Speaker, there are now over 1,270 com-
munity health centers providing services at 9,000 sites across the country. CHCs have become the primary source of medical, dental, behavioral health, substance abuse treatment, social services and other community health services for neighborhoods and rural commu-nities that would otherwise be inadequately served. And CHCs have also provided em-ployment and career opportunities for thou-sands of local residents. 
Mr. Speaker, fifty years ago it all began in 
Dorchester, Massachusetts. I am proud to rise today to recognize and honor what has be-come a national model for providing services to our country’s underserved areas and urge my colleagues to join me in acknowledging the efforts of our Community Health Centers. OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,150,557,110,995.00. We’ve 
added $7,523,680,062,081.92 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TAIWAN NATIONAL DAY 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to celebrate our nation’s historic re-lationship with Taiwan on their 104th National Day. These occasions remind us to reflect on our past successes and look forward with re-newed commitment to what we may accom-plish together in the days and months ahead. 
Just last week, the United States House of 
Representatives expressed in a resounding and unified voice our support of the 2016 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. In this Act, Congress declared its support of Taiwan through numerous policy provisions, including the new ‘‘South China Sea Initiative’’. 
It is more important now than ever, for this 
Administration to declare with a resounding voice that it joins with Congress in recognizing the importance of a vibrant bilateral relation-ship with Taiwan. We look forward with eager anticipation to Taiwan’s exercise of democracy in their upcoming January elections. They are a model of freedom to a region plagued by in-stability and the heavy hand of government. 
The Taiwan Strait is of critical importance to 
our national and global security and both the United States and Taiwan must continue to prioritize investment in defense capabilities that will secure its peace. I congratulate Tai-wan on their 104th National Day and ask for their continued partnership with the United States. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MR. CHRIS 
SMITH 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Mr. Chris Smith on his retire-ment and thank him for his many years of service to Clermont County and Ohio. 
Chris Smith has a long and distinguished 
record of service to Clermont County, and is remembered for his invaluable commitment to the local economic development throughout his career. 
With decades of business experience, in-
cluding 20 years in the banking industry and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08OC8.014 E08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1455 October 8, 2015 
10 years in real estate, Chris’ contributions in 
his many capacities of public service has been invaluable. Chris Smith served his community in numerous ways, including as the Director of the Clermont County Convention and Visitors Bureau, the Economic Development Director for Clermont County, and as an economic de-velopment staff member for Ohio Governor Bob Taft. 
Due in part to his leadership, Clermont 
County has become a thriving hub of eco-nomic activity. The residential and economic growth of Clermont County is a testament to this hard work and success. 
Also commendable is the positive and solu-
tions-oriented attitude with which Chris has served. He has worked tirelessly to improve Clermont County over the years, always de-voted to the big picture and listening to the people he serves, never asking or expecting anything in return. 
Southwest Ohio is fortunate to have a local 
leader as committed to service and progress as Chris Smith is. Again, I congratulate Chris on his retirement, thank him for his public service, and wish him the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CAREER 
OF COACH DAVID CLARK 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask for the House’s attention today to con-gratulate Coach David Clark on his 1000th win as coach of the volleyball team of Jacksonville High School, in Jacksonville, Alabama. 
Clark attended Saks High School, grad-
uating in 1986, and enrolled in Auburn Univer-sity. While there, he studied architecture and received a degree in environmental design. 
After a short time living in Oregon, he re-
turned to Alabama to pursue an education de-gree at Jacksonville State University. After graduation, he worked for one year at his former high school before becoming part of the Jacksonville High School coaching staff. 
In his 23 years of coaching, he has led the 
Jacksonville Golden Eagles volleyball team to three state championship wins with four state runner up positions, as well as eight county and 16 area championships. 
Coach Clark’s 1000th win came Saturday, 
October 3rd during the Calhoun County volleyball tournament. He is only the 10th coach in the history of the Alabama High School Athletic Association to reach this mile-stone. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-
lating Coach David Clark on his achievement. 
f 
IN HONOR OF FREDERICK 
DOUGLASS 
HON. ELIJAH E. CUMMINGS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Frederick Douglass, a Maryland na-tive who made tremendous contributions to our country. This year marks the 170th anni-
versary of his first autobiography, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, An American Slave, Written by Himself which gives us a first glimpse of his remarkable life. 
Born into chattel slavery on February 14, 
1818 on the Wye Plantation near Tuckahoe, Maryland, Frederick Augustus Washington Bailey became internationally known as Fred-erick Douglass, a champion in his own time for eliminating slavery and an impassioned voice demanding freedom for all. 
In 1838, he married Anna Murray, a free 
born black woman who provided him with money to escape slavery. Together they set-tled in New Bedford, Massachusetts and raised four children. 
After escaping slavery, Mr. Douglass began 
to work for the abolition of slavery in the United States. In 1845, Mr. Douglass wrote and published the Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, An American Slave, Writ-ten by Himself. It is the first of a trilogy of autobiographical writings. The second, entitled My Bondage and My Freedom, was published in 1855, and the final work, titled The Life and Times of Frederick Douglass, was published in 1881. 
The first autobiography, like its successors, 
described the system of chattel slavery and Mr. Douglass’ rejection of its premise that he, like other slaves, was not a human being. Stunningly direct in its portrayal of friends and foes, the autobiographies present the conflicts between freedom and slavery. This book re-counts the honors of slavery, his courageous efforts to educate himself, and his harrowing but successful escape. 
In 1847, Mr. Douglass published the North 
Star, a weekly abolitionist newspaper. It was 
the first of 4 newspapers he owned and wrote for as a journalist. 
A strong supporter of women’s rights, in 
1848, Mr. Douglass attended the critical Sen-eca Falls Convention in Seneca Falls, New York for women’s suffrage and supported women’s right to vote. 
In 1852, Mr. Douglass gave what is re-
garded as the greatest abolitionist speech, ‘‘What to the Slave Is the Fourth of July?’’ in Rochester, NY. 
In 1863, during the middle of the Civil War, 
Mr. Douglass met with President Lincoln and successfully persuaded him to allow black men to fight for the Union. This led to the for-mation of the 54th Massachusetts Regiment, the first all-black combat regiment. 
In addition to his writings, Mr. Douglass 
served his country in a number of government positions. In 1871, he was appointed by Presi-dent Grant as Assistant Secretary to the Santo Domingo Commission. In 1876, he was ap-pointed by President Hayes as United States Marshal for the District of Columbia. In 1881, he accepted an appointment from President Garfield as Recorder of Deeds for the District of Columbia. And in 1889, he was appointed by President Harrison as Minister and Consul General to Haiti. 
In 1894, at the Metropolitan African Meth-
odist Church in Washington, D.C., Mr. Doug-lass delivered ‘‘Lessons of the Hour,’’ a sear-ing critique of lynching. 
A year later, at the age of 77, Mr. Douglass 
died of a heart attack at Cedar Hill, his home in the Anacostia neighborhood of Washington, D.C. 
Today, Cedar Hill is a national historic site 
where visitors from around the world can learn about the many contributions of Frederick 
Douglass, an American treasure who dedi-cated his life to winning freedom for all Ameri-cans. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I was unable 
to be in Washington, DC on October 7, 2015 due to a death in the family and thus missed the recorded votes on that day. On Roll Call Votes 536, 537, 538, and 540, I would have voted yea had I been present. On Roll Call Vote 539, I would have voted no had I been present. 
f 
IN HONOR OF RETIRED MAJOR 
JESSE BALTAZAR 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize the accomplishments and service of retired Major Jesse Baltazar on this, his nine-ty-fifth birthday. 
Major Baltazar’s service includes over forty 
years of dedication to the United States mili-tary through the Battle of Bataan in World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. Still recovering from wounds suffered at the hands of a Japanese attack on his camp in 1942, Major Baltazar managed to escape ‘‘the Ba-taan Death March’’ after more than three days of marching. His bravery earned him the honor of a Bronze Star, a POW Medal, and a Purple Heart, which was awarded to him this past January. 
As the first Filipino native commissioned into 
the United States Air Force, Major Baltazar is a true trail-blazer and has helped pave the way for the many men and women who have since immigrated to the United States and joined our military. 
The United States has been blessed by the 
sacrifices of outstanding people such as Major Baltazar who have adopted this country as their own. I am proud to represent Major Baltazar and all of the selfless men and woman who serve our nation in uniform. They are truly invaluable members of our society. The debt of gratitude owed to these men and women is impossible to repay, but today, we do our small part by recognizing one special man: Major Jesse Baltazar. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WINTHROP 
UNIVERSITY AND THE 50TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE NATIONAL COLLEGIATE HONORS COUNCIL 
HON. MICK MULVANEY 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Winthrop University and the 50th 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08OC8.020 E08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1456 October 8, 2015 
anniversary of the National Collegiate Honors 
Council. 
Winthrop University is a coeducational, com-
prehensive university that teaches students to live, learn, and lead for a lifetime. Their Hon-ors Program is designed to enrich the college experience for highly talented and motivated students and create a community of scholars that promote the pursuit of knowledge for intel-lectual and personal growth. The Honors Pro-gram was founded in 1960 and is one of the oldest in the nation. Over the years, the pro-gram has flourished by adapting when needed and now enrolls around 350 students from each of the academic colleges at the univer-sity. Winthrop University honors students who exemplify the kind of leadership, knowledge and experience we look for in future leaders of our global society. 
I also want to recognize and express my 
gratitude to the National Collegiate Honors Council as they celebrate their 50th anniver-sary. The National Collegiate Honors Council serves Winthrop and more than 800 other col-leges and universities across the country. These institutions share a commitment to achieving excellence in diverse subject and curriculum areas to accomplish professional career goals. 
With the help of universities like Winthrop 
and professional organizations like the Na-tional Collegiate Honors Council, I am con-fident our nation will continue to produce the workforce necessary to lead us successfully through the 21st century. TRIBUTE TO ELAINE MATZNER 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and pay tribute to the incredible life of a dear friend, Elaine Matzner, who passed away on October 3, 2015 at her home in Palm Springs, California, surrounded by family. Elaine was a woman full of life and a pillar of the Palm Springs community; she will be deeply missed. 
Elaine was born on October 6, 1933 in 
southern New Jersey to the owners of a fruit farm. Desiring a different life from her parents, she left the farm choosing to further her edu-cation by attending Drexel University. It was there that she met her husband Eric. After the couple married, settled down and had spent a few years raising a young family in New Jer-sey, Elaine and Eric decided to move their family to Southern California. They moved to Hacienda Heights and then later to Palm Springs. 
She was a woman of many passions, in-
cluding business, travel, and family. Elaine opened the clothing store La Mariposa in Palm Springs with her daughter Lisa and daughter- in-law Diane. After years raising a family she wanted to find a new outlet and Elaine en-joyed being a small business owner and entre-preneur. La Mariposa imported luxury goods 
and clothing from all over South and Central America. The store became a fixture to the residents and tourists of the Palm Springs area. 
Elaine pursued her passion of culture and 
travel by indulging in numerous family trips over the years that included seven African sa-faris, 49 states and over 50 countries. She never let age slow her down on any trip. One of her favorite memories was climbing Huayna Picchu, in Peru, the cliff above Machu Picchu in the rain, when she was 65. Elaine took en-joyment from experiencing the new places she visited, their unique histories, and their people. 
Elaine’s biggest passion throughout her life 
was her family. She had a deep love of her family and involved them in every aspect of her life. Elaine took enormous pride in watch-
ing the growth and achievements of her chil-dren, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren over the years. 
Elaine is survived by her brother Reed Her-
itage of Sacramento, California; her four chil-dren, Bruce, Lisa, Jill and Evan; her five grandchildren; and three great grandchildren. I extend my heartfelt condolences to the entire Matzner family and friends during this time; al-though Elaine may be gone—the life, energy, and wit that she brought to the world remains and will never be forgotten. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08OC8.025 E08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1077 Thursday, October 8, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7227–S7282 
Measures Introduced: Sixteen bills and six resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2165–2180, and S. Res. 282–287.
                                               Pages S7272–73 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1864, to improve national security by devel-
oping metrics to measure the effectiveness of security between ports of entry, at points of entry, and along the maritime border, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 114–152) 
H.R. 322, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’. 
H.R. 323, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’. 
H.R. 324, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’. 
H.R. 558, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 1442, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 1884, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 206 West Commer-cial Street in East Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Of-ficer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Build-ing’’. 
H.R. 3059, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building. 
S. Res. 148, condemning the Government of 
Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i mi-nority and its continued violation of the Inter-national Covenants on Human Rights. S. Res. 274, commemorating the 25th anniversary 
of the peaceful and democratic reunification of Ger-many. 
S. Res. 278, welcoming the President of the Re-
public of Korea on her official visit to the United States and celebrating the United States-Republic of Korea relationship. 
S. 1811, to require the Administrator of the Small 
Business Administration to establish a program to make loans to certain businesses, homeowners, and renters affected by Superstorm Sandy, with amend-ments. 
S. 2126, to reauthorize the women’s business cen-
ter program of the Small Business Administration, with amendments.
                                                     Page S7271 
Measures Passed: 
Authorizing the Use of Emancipation Hall: 
Committee on Rules and Administration was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Con. Res. 21, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to commemo-rate the 150th Anniversary of the ratification of the 13th Amendment, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                   Pages S7280–81 
McConnell (for Booker) Amendment No. 2711, to 
amend the resolving clause to correct the date of the ceremony.
                                                                       Page S7281 
Commemorating the Life of Robert Edward 
Simon, Jr: Senate agreed to S. Res. 285, commemo-
rating the life and accomplishments of Robert Ed-ward Simon, Jr.
                                                          Page S7281 
National Wildlife Refuge Week: Senate agreed to 
S. Res. 286, designating the week beginning on Oc-tober 11, 2015, as ‘‘National Wildlife Refuge Week’’.
                                                                            Page S7281 
Welcoming the President of the Republic of 
Korea: Senate agreed to S. Res. 278, welcoming the 
President of the Republic of Korea on her official visit to the United States and celebrating the United States-Republic of Korea relationship.
            Page S7281 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08OC5.REC D08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1078 October 8, 2015 
Measures Considered: 
Energy and Water Development and Related 
Agencies Appropriations Act: Senate continued 
consideration of the motion to proceed to consider-ation of H.R. 2028, making appropriations for en-ergy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. 
                                                                Pages S7233–44, S7245–49 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 49 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 278), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                        Page S7244 
Subsequently, the motion to proceed was with-
drawn.                                                                               Page S7249 
Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act—Agreement: Senate began consideration of the 
motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2146, to hold sanctuary jurisdictions accountable for defying Federal law, to increase penalties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being re-moved, and to provide liability protection for State and local law enforcement who cooperate with Fed-eral law enforcement.
                                       Pages S7249–60 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, Oc-tober 8, 2015, a vote on cloture will occur at 2:15 p.m., on Tuesday, October 20, 2015.
             Page S7249 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 4 p.m., on Monday, October 19, 2015, Senate resume consideration of 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S7281 
Pro Forma Session—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn until 10 a.m., on Friday, October 9, 2015, for a pro forma session only, with no business being conducted; that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, October 9, 2015, it next convene for pro forma session only with no business conducted on the following dates and times: at 10:30 a.m., on Tuesday, October 13, 2015, and at 10 a.m., on Fri-day, October 16, 2015; that when the Senate ad-journs on Friday, October 16, 2015, it next convene at 4 p.m., on Monday, October 19, 2015.
   Page S7281 
Donnelly Nomination—Agreement: A unani-
mous-consent agreement was reached providing that following Leader remarks on Tuesday, October 20, 2015, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Ann Donnelly, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York; 
that the time until 11 a.m. be equally divided for debate on the nomination in the usual form; that 
upon the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote, without intervening action or debate, on confirma-tion of the nomination; and that no further motions be in order to the nomination.
                           Page S7280 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Mario Cordero, of California, to be a Federal Mari-
time Commissioner for the term expiring June 30, 2019. 
Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, of the District of Co-
lumbia, to be Representative of the United States of America on the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador. 
Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, of the District of Co-
lumbia, to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the Gen-eral Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America on the Economic and Social Coun-cil of the United Nations. 
Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Ambassador to 
the Republic of Benin. 
Jeffrey J. Hawkins, Jr., of California, to be Am-
bassador to the Central African Republic. 
David R. Gilmour, of Texas, to be Ambassador to 
the Togolese Republic. 
Edwin Richard Nolan, Jr., of Massachusetts, to be 
Ambassador to the Republic of Suriname. 
W. Thomas Reeder, Jr., of Virginia, to be Direc-
tor of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
Carolyn Patricia Alsup, of Florida, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of The Gambia. 
Daniel H. Rubinstein, of Virginia, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Tunisia. 
Susan Coppedge Amato, of Georgia, to be Direc-
tor of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, with the rank of Ambassador at Large. 
                                                                      Pages S7244–45, S7282 
Stephen C. Hedger, of New York, to be an Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense.                         Pages S7280, S7282 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Dana J. Boente, of Virginia, to be United States 
Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia for the term of four years. 
Robert Lloyd Capers, of New York, to be United 
States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York for the term of four years. 
John P. Fishwick, Jr., of Virginia, to be United 
States Attorney for the Western District of Virginia for the term of four years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08OC5.REC D08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1079 October 8, 2015 
Channing D. Phillips, of the District of Columbia, 
to be United States Attorney for the District of Co-lumbia for the term of four years. 
Emily Gray Rice, of New Hampshire, to be 
United States Attorney for the District of New Hampshire for the term of four years. 
Randolph J. Seiler, of South Dakota, to be United 
States Attorney for the District of South Dakota for the term of four years. 
Amos J. Hochstein, of the District of Columbia, 
to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Energy Re-sources). 
David McKean, of Massachusetts, to be Ambas-
sador to Luxembourg. 
Routine lists in the Army and Navy.
        Page S7282 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7266 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S7266, S7281 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S7266 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7266–71 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S7271 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S7271–72 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7273–74 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7274–79 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7264–66 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S7279 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S7279–80 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S7280 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—278)                                                                 Page S7244 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 5:49 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Friday, Oc-tober 9, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7281.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
RUSSIAN STRATEGY AND MILITARY OPERATIONS 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine Russian strategy and military op-erations, after receiving testimony from General John M. Keane, USA (Ret.), former Vice Chief of Staff of the Army, Institute for the Study of War; General James L. Jones, USMC (Ret.), former National Secu-rity Advisor, Atlantic Council Brent Scowcroft Cen-ter on International Security; Heather Conley, Center for Strategic and International Studies Europe Pro-
gram; and Stephen Sestanovich, Council on Foreign Relations. 
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY AND THE 
RECALL PROCESS 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security concluded a hearing to examine consumer product safety and the recall proc-ess, after receiving testimony from Elliot F. Kaye, Chairman, and Ann Marie Buerkle, Commissioner, both of the Consumer Product Safety Commission; Frederick Locker, National Association of Manufac-turers CPSC Coalition, New York, New York; Jona-than Gold, National Retail Federation, and Cheryl A. Falvey, Crowell and Moring LLP, both of Wash-ington, D.C.; and Nancy A. Cowles, Kids in Danger, Chicago, Illinois. 
WATER AND HYDROELECTRIC 
LEGISLATION 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine H.R. 2898, to pro-vide drought relief in the State of California, S. 1894, to provide short-term water supplies to drought-stricken California, S. 1936, to provide for drought preparedness measures in the State of New Mexico, S. 1583, to authorize the expansion of an existing hydroelectric project, S. 2046, to authorize the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric license for the Mahoney Lake hydroelectric project in the State of Alaska, and S. 2083, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project, after receiving testimony from Senators Fein-stein and Boxer; Representative Valadao; Michael L. Connor, Deputy Secretary of the Interior; Jeffrey Kightlinger, Metropolitan Water District of South-ern California, Los Angeles; Dan Keppen, Family Farm Alliance, Klamath Falls, Oregon; Richard M. Frank, University of California School of Law Cali-fornia Environmental Law and Policy Center, Davis; Adrian Oglesby, Middle Rio Grande Conservancy District, Albuquerque, New Mexico; and Sarah Woolf, Clovis, California. 
PUBLIC LANDS, FORESTS, AND MINING 
LEGISLATION 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-
committee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining concluded a hearing to examine S. 414, to provide for conservation, enhanced recreation opportunities, and development of renewable energy in the Cali-fornia Desert Conservation Area, S. 872, to provide for the recognition of certain Native communities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08OC5.REC D08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1080 October 8, 2015 
and the settlement of certain claims under the Alas-
ka Native Claims Settlement Act, S. 1295 and H.R. 1324, bills to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, S. 1448, to designate the Frank Moore Wild Steelhead Sanctuary in the State of Oregon, S. 1592, to clarify the description of cer-tain Federal land under the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to include additional land in the Kaibab Na-tional Forest, S. 1941 and H.R. 2223, bills to au-thorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate a land ex-change in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, S. 1942 and H.R. 1554, bills to require a land convey-ance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, S. 1955, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act to provide for equitable allotment of land to Alaska Native veterans, S. 1971, to expand the boundary of the California Coastal National Monu-ment, and S. 2069, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Oregon, after receiving testimony from Senators Feinstein and Sullivan; Glenn Casamassa, Associate Deputy Chief, National Forest System, Forest Service, Department of Agri-culture; Steven A. Ellis, Deputy Director, Oper-ations, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior; Leo Barlow, Southeast Alaska Landless Corporation, Anchorage; Buck Lindekugel, Southeast Alaska Conservation Council, Juneau; Robert Lovingood, County of San Bernardino, Victorville, California; and Frazier Haney, Mojave Desert Land Trust, Joshua Tree, California. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported the following business items: 
S. 2152, to establish a comprehensive United 
States Government policy to encourage the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to develop and ap-propriate mix of power solutions, including renew-able energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty reduction, pro-mote development outcomes, and drive economic growth, with amendments; 
S. 1789, to improve defense cooperation between 
the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan; 
S. Res. 274, commemorating the 25th anniversary 
of the peaceful and democratic reunification of Ger-many; 
S. Res. 278, welcoming the President of the Re-
public of Korea on her official visit to the United States and celebrating the United States-Republic of Korea relationship; S. Res. 148, condemning the Government of 
Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i mi-nority and its continued violation of the Inter-national Covenants on Human Rights; and 
The nominations of Robert Porter Jackson, of Vir-
ginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Ghana, Harry K. Thomas, Jr., of New York, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Zimbabwe, Julie Furuta- Toy, of Wyoming, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Equatorial Guinea, and Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea, all of the Department of State. 
UKRAINE 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the economic and political fu-ture of Ukraine, after receiving testimony from Vic-toria Nuland, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Euro-pean and Eurasian Affairs, and Clifford G. Bond, United States Assistance Coordinator in Ukraine, both of the Department of State; and Paula J. Dobriansky, Harvard University JFK Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, Cambridge, Massachusetts. 
DIPLOMATIC SECURITY TRAINING 
FACILITY 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on State 
Department and USAID Management, International Operations, and Bilateral International Development concluded a hearing to examine ensuring an efficient and effective diplomatic security training facility for the twenty-first century, after receiving testimony from Gregory B. Starr, Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of Diplomatic Security; Michael J. Courts, Director, International Affairs and Trade, Govern-ment Accountability Office; and Connie L. Patrick, Director, Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers, Department of Homeland Security. 
THREATS TO THE HOMELAND 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine 
threats to the homeland, after receiving testimony from Jeh Charles Johnson, Secretary of Homeland Se-curity; James B. Comey, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Department of Justice; and Nick Ras-mussen, Director, National Counterterrorism Center, Office of the Director of National Intelligence. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the nomination of Edward L. Gilmore, of Illinois, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Illinois for the term of four years, Department of Justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08OC5.REC D08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1081 October 8, 2015 
EMINENT DOMAIN 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution concluded a hearing to examine eminent domain ten years after Kelo v. City of New London , 
after receiving testimony from Clemente Casillas, Community Youth Athletic Center, National City, California; Dan Alban, Institute for Justice, Arling-ton, Virginia; and David A. Dana, Northwestern 
University School of Law, Chicago, Illinois. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 23 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3708–3730; and 9 resolutions, H.J. Res. 69; H. Con. Res. 85; and H. Res. 467–473 were introduced.
                                                Pages H6935–36 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6937–38 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Duncan (TN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H6895 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:52 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H6900 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:02 p.m. and re-
convened at 1:01 p.m.                                             Page H6901 
Native American Energy Act: The House passed 
H.R. 538, to facilitate the development of energy on Indian lands by reducing Federal regulations that impede tribal development of Indian lands, by a yea- and-nay vote of 254 yeas to 173 nays, Roll No. 544. 
                                                                                    Pages H6911–20 
Rejected the Ben Ray Luja ´n (NM) motion to re-
commit the bill to the Committee on Natural Re-sources with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea- and-nay vote of 184 yeas to 239 nays, Roll No. 543. 
                                                                                    Pages H6918–19 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–30 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. 
                                                                                    Pages H6916–18 
Agreed to: 
Young (AK) amendment (No. 1 printed in part A 
of H. Rept. 114–290) that clarifies that a state, tribes, and local governments in an affected area of a proposed federal action on Indian lands may con-tinue as provided under current law to comment on an environmental impact statement required under 
the National Environmental Policy Act, and that Section 4 shall not limit any public comment on a federal action concerning gaming on Indian lands under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act; and 
                                                                                    Pages H6917–18 
Lujan Grisham (NM) amendment (No. 2 printed 
in part A of H. Rept. 114–290) that allows the For-est Service to create a pilot program that would exe-cute contracts with tribes to perform administrative, management, and other functions of programs of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004.
            Page H6918 
H. Res. 466, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 538) and (H.R. 702) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 244 ayes to 185 noes, Roll 
No. 542, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 244 yeas to 183 nays, Roll No. 541.
                                                                Pages H6902–11 
Congressional-Executive Commission on the Peo-ple’s Republic of China—Appointment: The 
Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Representative Black.
    Page H6921 
National Council on Disability—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the National Council on Disability: Lt. Colonel Dan-iel M. Gade, PhD., New Windsor, New York. 
                                                                                            Page H6921 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today appears on page H6901. 
Senate Referrals: S. 2162 was referred to the Com-
mittee on House Administration. S. 32 was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce.
                    Page H6932 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes 
and one recorded vote developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H6909–10, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08OC5.REC D08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1082 October 8, 2015 
H6910–11, H6919, H6920. There were no quorum 
calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:28 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
THE 2015 FIRE SEASON AND LONG-TERM 
TRENDS 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Conserva-
tion and Forestry held a hearing to review the 2015 fire season and long-term trends. Testimony was heard from Tom Tidwell, Chief, U.S. Forest Service; and public witnesses. 
U.S. STRATEGY IN AFGHANISTAN 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Strategy in Afghanistan’’. Tes-timony was heard from General John F. Campbell (USA), Commander, Operation Resolute Support and U.S. Forces—Afghanistan. 
UPDATE ON MILITARY SUICIDE 
PREVENTION PROGRAMS 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Update on Military Suicide Prevention Programs’’. Testimony was heard from Keita Franklin, Director, Suicide Prevention Office, Office of the Secretary of Defense; Lieutenant General James C. McConville, Deputy Chief of Staff, G1, U.S. Army; Rear Admiral Ann M. Burkhardt, Director, 21st Century Sailor Office, U.S. Navy; Major General Burke Whitman, Director Marine and Family Programs, U.S. Marine Corps; and Lieutenant General Mark Ediger, Surgeon Gen-eral, USAF, U.S. Air Force. 
REVIEWING THE JUVENILE JUSTICE 
SYSTEM AND HOW IT SERVES AT-RISK YOUTH 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Juve-nile Justice System and How It Serves At-Risk Youth’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VOLKSWAGEN EMISSIONS CHEATING 
ALLEGATIONS: INITIAL QUESTIONS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Volkswagen Emissions Cheating Allegations: Initial Questions’’. Testimony was heard from Christopher Grundler, Director, Office of Transportation and Air Quality, Office of Air and Radiation, Environmental Protection Agency; Phillip Brooks, Director, Air En-forcement Division, Office of Enforcement and Com-pliance Assurance, Environmental Protection Agency; and a public witness. EXAMINING LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS TO 
COMBAT OUR NATION’S DRUG ABUSE CRISIS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Legisla-tive Proposals to Combat our Nation’s Drug Abuse Crisis’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Botti-celli, Director, National Drug Control Policy, Execu-tive Office of the President; Richard Frank, Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation, Department of Health and Human Services; and Jack Riley, Dep-uty Administrator, Drug Enforcement Administra-tion. 
EXAMINING THE SYRIAN HUMANITARIAN 
CRISIS FROM THE GROUND, PART I 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examining the Syrian Humanitarian Crisis from the Ground, Part I’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
PROTECTING MARITIME FACILITIES IN 
THE 21ST CENTURY: ARE OUR NATION’S PORTS AT RISK FOR A CYBER-ATTACK? 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Border and Maritime Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Maritime Facilities in the 21st Century: Are Our Nation’s Ports at Risk for a Cyber-At-tack?’’. Testimony was heard from Rear Admiral Paul Thomas, Assistant Commandant, Prevention Policy, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security; Gregory C. Wilshusen, Director, Informa-tion Security Issues, Government Accountability Of-fice; and public witnesses. 
REFORM AND IMPROVEMENT: ASSESSING 
THE PATH FORWARD FOR THE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Transportation Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Re-form and Improvement: Assessing the Path Forward for the Transportation Security Administration’’. Testimony was heard from John Roth, Inspector General, Office of Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security; and Peter Neffenger, Adminis-trator, Transportation Security Administration, De-partment of Homeland Security. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD EXPOSED: 
EXAMINING ABORTION PROCEDURES AND MEDICAL ETHICS AT THE NATION’S LARGEST ABORTION PROVIDER 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Planned Parenthood Exposed: Ex-amining Abortion Procedures and Medical Ethics at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08OC5.REC D08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1083 October 8, 2015 
the Nation’s Largest Abortion Provider’’. Testimony 
was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee con-
cluded a markup on H.R. 974, the ‘‘Yellowstone and Grand Teton Paddling Act’’; H.R. 1107, the ‘‘Bu-
reau of Reclamation Transparency Act’’; H.R. 1452, to authorize Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restrictions on use and reconveyance; H.R. 1820, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to retire coal preference right lease applications for which the Secretary has made an af-firmative commercial quantities determination, and for other purposes; H.R. 2212, to take certain Fed-eral lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes; H.R. 2270, the ‘‘Billy Frank Jr. Tell Your Story Act’’; H.R. 2406, the ‘‘SHARE Act’’; and H.R. 3382, the ‘‘Lake Tahoe Restoration Act of 2015’’. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 1452 and H.R. 1820. The following bills were ordered re-ported, as amended: H.R. 974, H.R. 1107, H.R. 2212, H.R. 2270, H.R. 2406, and H.R. 3382. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a markup on H.R. 3033, the ‘‘Research Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia (READ) Act’’; and H.R. 3293, the ‘‘Scientific Research in the National Interest Act’’. H.R. 3033 was ordered re-ported, as amended. H.R. 3293 was ordered re-ported, without amendment. 
THE CONSEQUENCES OF DOL’S ONE-SIZE- 
FITS-ALL OVERTIME RULE FOR SMALL BUSINESSES AND THEIR EMPLOYEES 
Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Over-
sight, Investigations, and Regulations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Consequences of DOL’s One-Size-Fits- All Overtime Rule for Small Businesses and their Employees’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
OCTOBER 9, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, markup on 
reconciliation submissions, 9 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
vironment and the Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘E-mani-fest: An Update on Implementation’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Subcommittee on Mone-
tary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of the Multilateral Development Banks’’, 9:15 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Full Committee, markup 
on H. Res. 348, supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and determine their future; and H. Res. 354, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the safety and secu-rity of Jewish communities in Europe, 11:15 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 10, the ‘‘Scholarships for Oppor-tunity and Results Reauthorization Act’’; H.R. 3231, the ‘‘Federal Intern Protection Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2347, the ‘‘Federal Advisory Committee Act Amendments of 2015’’; S. 1172, the ‘‘Edward ‘Ted’ Kaufman and Michael Leavitt Presidential Transitions Improvements Act of 2015’’; S. 1576, the ‘‘Representative Payee Fraud Preven-tion Act of 2015’’; S. 1580, the ‘‘Competitive Service Act of 2015’’; S. 1629, the ‘‘District of Columbia Courts, Public Defender Service, and Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 136, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Of-fice’’; H.R. 2928, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’; H.R. 3082, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Building’’; H.R. 3274, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office’’; H.R. 3601, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building’’; S. 1596, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’; and S. 1826, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Deep Space Exploration: Ex-amining the Impact of the President’s Budget’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08OC5.REC D08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1084 October 8, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Friday, October 9 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma 
session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Friday, October 9 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of H.R. 702—To 
adapt to changing crude oil market conditions (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1452, E1453 
Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1451 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1456 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1454 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1454 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1455 Cummings, Elijah E., Md., E1455 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1453 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E1450 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1454 
Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E1452 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1450, E1450 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1449 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1449 Joyce, David P., Ohio, E1450 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1449 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E1454 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1451 Moolenaar, John R., Mich., E1450, E1451, E1452, E1452, 
E1453 Mulvany, Mick, S.C., E1455 
Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E1451 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E1453 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1455 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E1449 Takai, Mark, Hawaii, E1449 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1451, E1452 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1455 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E1454 Williams, Roger, Tex., E1451, E1453, E1454 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1453 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Oct 09, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D08OC5.REC D08OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST