Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6231 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 2015 No. 139 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
We thank You for the many blessings 
of yesterday, and the gracious re-minder to us of our political history of democracy, deeply rooted in the mind of the American people. May all our ef-forts here, and throughout the country, be of service to and the promotion of the good of the human person—based on respect for each person’s dignity. 
We also thank You for the tremen-
dous outpouring of goodwill, and the extraordinary efforts of so many yes-terday, whose service made all that transpired seem effortless. May the memories of the day be an ongoing blessing to all whose day’s labor made the day a great celebration for all peo-ple of goodwill. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Louisiana (Mr. A BRAHAM ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. ABRAHAM led the Pledge of Al-
legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR. 
CALVIN MORET 
(Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of Dr. Calvin Moret, a true American hero and a Louisiana native. Dr. Moret was the last surviving Tuskegee Airman in Louisiana, and he passed away this month at the age of 90. 
Dr. Moret’s story is truly remark-
able, and he stood up to hate and big-otry with courage and dignity. He fought for this country while over-coming an incredible amount of racial adversity. He broke barriers, and he dedicated his life to service. 
I had the pleasure of meeting Calvin 
in Monroe, Louisiana, and as a pilot myself, I can tell you, he was the real deal. It was the highlight of my life to meet him, a true hero that had been os-tracized by society but still believed so deeply in maintaining the freedoms of our country. 
May we all have the courage Dr. 
Moret had to stand up for what is great in this Nation. 
f 
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, reflect-
ing on Pope Francis’ historic engage-ment with us here in the House yester-day, he opened with gratefulness for our freedom. We know we have that freedom because of the brave that our respective homelands have blessed us with. He spoke of the responsibility 
that we, as leaders, are to help grow a nation and the freedom with it. Free-dom is essential in that success. 
Pope Francis said it is for all Ameri-
cans—not just its representatives in this room and others like it—to help sustain society with action and the service attitude of organizations that are truly helpful for those truly in need. 
Through faith, not its misuse or ex-
tremism, but with humility, with that attitude of service, we are a better peo-ple. But it requires religious freedom, a cornerstone of our Nation’s founding, indeed, important enough to be articu-lated and underlined in the First Amendment of our Bill of Rights. With that amendment, it has brought us peace and prosperity and helped the USA to be a beacon of hope and service to the world. 
Hand in hand with that religious 
freedom goes the respect of innocent life and preserving the family. As Pope Francis closed his remarks on the leg-acy for our youth, these ideals of life and family are the spirit we can all en-deavor to pass to our youth, their fu-ture of a great land filled with free-doms and opportunity, that comes with all of us at that service. For all of us Americans, that is our job. 
f 
POPE’S MESSAGE OF CHANGE IN 
CUBA 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, in 1987, I was grateful to be present in Columbia, South Carolina, when Pope John Paul II, as the Polish- born Pope, promoted liberation from communism in Europe. Yesterday, I was grateful to be present with Pope Francis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.000 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6232 September 25, 2015 
Prior to arriving in the United 
States, the Pope visited Cuba. An Asso-ciated Press article, as reprinted in The Post and Courier this week, said Pope Francis gave a message that Cu-bans should ‘‘overcome ideological pre-conceptions and be willing to change.’’ 
In the communist totalitarian dicta-
torship of Cuba, only the communist ideology is allowed to be changed. Hopefully, change will lead to freedom, as proven by Pope John Paul II. 
Change must come to the economy 
which was stolen from its owners and is now held by the Cuban military, which controls over 70 percent of all businesses. This corrupt regime impov-erishing its citizens has been propped up by the Soviet Union and then Cha-vez of Venezuela. Both have now failed, as Russians and Venezuelans see the failure of Big Government. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism, and God bless a liberated Cuba. 
f 
THE GENERIC DRUG MARKET 
(Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, we all saw this past week as the press reported on a drug that was raised from $13.50 a tablet to $750 a tab-let. If you spend about 60 seconds with a physician or a pharmacist, you will find this has been going on for a couple of years now. 
Very common drugs, Narcan, that 
our first responders use, and digoxin and nitroglycerin that our heart pa-tients use, nitroglycerin has gone from 8 cents a tablet to $8 a tablet over the last couple of years. The same thing has happened with doxycycline, a ge-neric antibiotic that has been on the market for years. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to ask the 
FDA and the Federal Trade Commis-sion to work together to help stop this fleecing of America and what is hap-pening in the generic drug market. 
f 
AVIAN INFLUENZA AND 
GEORGIA’S EFFORTS 
(Mr. COLLINS of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to bring attention to the importance of the poultry industry to Georgia and the issue of highly pathogenic avian influenza. 
Georgia is the Nation’s leading poul-
try-producing State, and my hometown of Gainesville proudly claims the title of ‘‘chicken capital of the world.’’ The poultry industry is critical to the Ninth District of Georgia and the State as a whole. The jobs of 138,000 Geor-gians depend on the poultry industry, and poultry represents almost half of Georgia’s entire agriculture sector. Given the scale and importance of 
the industry to Georgia, it is critically important that adequate attention is paid to the potential threat of bird flu. We saw the devastating impact of a highly pathogenic AI outbreak earlier this year. It was the worst animal dis-ease outbreak in U.S. history. Now, with birds migrating south for the win-ter, we have to face the prospect of a disease striking the poultry industry again. 
Mr. Speaker, APHIS has released a 
fall plan, and I understand that USDA has been in touch with State govern-ments. But we must do more than sim-ply conceptualize a response. We need to take proactive steps to prevent the spread and severity of high-path AI. 
I want to commend Commissioner 
Black and the Georgia Department of Agriculture for their dedication to pre-paring for a potential outbreak and the commitment of thousands of Georgians who depend on the poultry industry. 
I am calling on all agencies to work 
closely with Georgia and implement meaningful measures in coordination with State needs and recommenda-tions. We need to shorten response time, install biosecurity measures, and work to prevent or reduce future out-breaks. We simply cannot wait to act. Steps must be taken now to mitigate damages to this industry that is so vital to the economy in northeast Georgia. 
f 
RESPONSIBLY AND PROFES-
SIONALLY INVIGORATING DE-VELOPMENT ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 348. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
L
AMALFA ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 420 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 348. 
Will the gentleman from Tennessee 
(Mr. D
UNCAN ) kindly resume the chair. 
b0910 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 348) to provide for improved coordina-tion of agency actions in the prepara-tion and adoption of environmental documents for permitting determina-tions, and for other purposes, with Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. When the Committee of 
the Whole rose on Thursday, Sep-tember 24, 2015, all time for general de-
bate had expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–26. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 348 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Responsibly 
And Professionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015’’ or as the ‘‘RAPID Act’’. 
SEC. 2. COORDINATION OF AGENCY ADMINISTRA-
TIVE OPERATIONS FOR EFFICIENT DECISIONMAKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of part 1 of title 
5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subchapter II the following: 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER IIA—INTERAGENCY 
COORDINATION REGARDING PERMITTING 
‘‘§ 560. Coordination of agency administrative 
operations for efficient decisionmaking 
‘‘(a) C
ONGRESSIONAL DECLARATION OF PUR-
POSE.—The purpose of this subchapter is to es-
tablish a framework and procedures to stream-line, increase the efficiency of, and enhance co-ordination of agency administration of the regu-latory review, environmental decisionmaking, and permitting process for projects undertaken, reviewed, or funded by Federal agencies. This subchapter will ensure that agencies administer the regulatory process in a manner that is effi-cient so that citizens are not burdened with reg-ulatory excuses and time delays. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
chapter, the term— 
‘‘(1) ‘agency’ means any agency, department, 
or other unit of Federal, State, local, or Indian tribal government; 
‘‘(2) ‘category of projects’ means 2 or more 
projects related by project type, potential envi-ronmental impacts, geographic location, or an-other similar project feature or characteristic; 
‘‘(3) ‘environmental assessment’ means a con-
cise public document for which a Federal agen-cy is responsible that serves to— 
‘‘(A) briefly provide sufficient evidence and 
analysis for determining whether to prepare an environmental impact statement or a finding of no significant impact; 
‘‘(B) aid an agency’s compliance with NEPA 
when no environmental impact statement is nec-essary; and 
‘‘(C) facilitate preparation of an environ-
mental impact statement when one is necessary; 
‘‘(4) ‘environmental impact statement’ means 
the detailed statement of significant environ-mental impacts required to be prepared under NEPA; 
‘‘(5) ‘environmental review’ means the Federal 
agency procedures for preparing an environ-mental impact statement, environmental assess-ment, categorical exclusion, or other document under NEPA; 
‘‘(6) ‘environmental decisionmaking process’ 
means the Federal agency procedures for under-taking and completion of any environmental permit, decision, approval, review, or study under any Federal law other than NEPA for a project subject to an environmental review; 
‘‘(7) ‘environmental document’ means an envi-
ronmental assessment or environmental impact statement, and includes any supplemental docu-ment or document prepared pursuant to a court order; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.002 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6233 September 25, 2015 
‘‘(8) ‘finding of no significant impact’ means a 
document by a Federal agency briefly pre-senting the reasons why a project, not otherwise subject to a categorical exclusion, will not have a significant effect on the human environment and for which an environmental impact state-ment therefore will not be prepared; 
‘‘(9) ‘lead agency’ means the Federal agency 
preparing or responsible for preparing the envi-ronmental document; 
‘‘(10) ‘NEPA’ means the National Environ-
mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
‘‘(11) ‘project’ means major Federal actions 
that are construction activities undertaken with Federal funds or that are construction activities that require approval by a permit or regulatory decision issued by a Federal agency; 
‘‘(12) ‘project sponsor’ means the agency or 
other entity, including any private or public- private entity, that seeks approval for a project or is otherwise responsible for undertaking a project; and 
‘‘(13) ‘record of decision’ means a document 
prepared by a lead agency under NEPA fol-lowing an environmental impact statement that states the lead agency’s decision, identifies the alternatives considered by the agency in reach-ing its decision and states whether all prac-ticable means to avoid or minimize environ-mental harm from the alternative selected have been adopted, and if not, why they were not adopted. 
‘‘(c) P
REPARATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL DOCU-
MENTS .—Upon the request of the lead agency, 
the project sponsor shall be authorized to pre-pare any document for purposes of an environ-mental review required in support of any project or approval by the lead agency if the lead agen-cy furnishes oversight in such preparation and independently evaluates such document and the document is approved and adopted by the lead agency prior to taking any action or making any approval based on such document. 
‘‘(d) A
DOPTION AND USE OF DOCUMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) D OCUMENTS PREPARED UNDER NEPA .— 
‘‘(A) Not more than 1 environmental impact 
statement and 1 environmental assessment shall be prepared under NEPA for a project (except for supplemental environmental documents pre-pared under NEPA or environmental documents prepared pursuant to a court order), and, except as otherwise provided by law, the lead agency shall prepare the environmental impact state-ment or environmental assessment. After the lead agency issues a record of decision, no Fed-eral agency responsible for making any ap-proval for that project may rely on a document other than the environmental document pre-pared by the lead agency. 
‘‘(B) Upon the request of a project sponsor, a 
lead agency may adopt, use, or rely upon sec-ondary and cumulative impact analyses in-cluded in any environmental document prepared under NEPA for projects in the same geographic area where the secondary and cumulative im-pact analyses provide information and data that pertains to the NEPA decision for the project under review. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ENVIRONMENTAL DOCUMENTS ; SUP-
PLEMENTAL DOCUMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) Upon the request of a project sponsor, a 
lead agency may adopt a document that has been prepared for a project under State laws and procedures as the environmental impact statement or environmental assessment for the project, provided that the State laws and proce-dures under which the document was prepared provide environmental protection and opportu-nities for public involvement that are substan-tially equivalent to NEPA. 
‘‘(B) An environmental document adopted 
under subparagraph (A) is deemed to satisfy the lead agency’s obligation under NEPA to prepare an environmental impact statement or environ-mental assessment. 
‘‘(C) In the case of a document described in 
subparagraph (A), during the period after prep-aration of the document but before its adoption 
by the lead agency, the lead agency shall pre-pare and publish a supplement to that document if the lead agency determines that— 
‘‘(i) a significant change has been made to the 
project that is relevant for purposes of environ-mental review of the project; or 
‘‘(ii) there have been significant changes in 
circumstances or availability of information rel-evant to the environmental review for the project. 
‘‘(D) If the agency prepares and publishes a 
supplemental document under subparagraph (C), the lead agency may solicit comments from agencies and the public on the supplemental document for a period of not more than 45 days beginning on the date of the publication of the supplement. 
‘‘(E) A lead agency shall issue its record of de-
cision or finding of no significant impact, as ap-propriate, based upon the document adopted under subparagraph (A), and any supplements thereto. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTEMPORANEOUS PROJECTS .—If the 
lead agency determines that there is a reason-able likelihood that the project will have similar environmental impacts as a similar project in geographical proximity to the project, and that similar project was subject to environmental re-view or similar State procedures within the 5- year period immediately preceding the date that the lead agency makes that determination, the lead agency may adopt the environmental docu-ment that resulted from that environmental re-view or similar State procedure. The lead agen-cy may adopt such an environmental document, if it is prepared under State laws and proce-dures only upon making a favorable determina-tion on such environmental document pursuant to paragraph (2)(A). 
‘‘(e) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall be 
responsible for inviting and designating partici-pating agencies in accordance with this sub-section. The lead agency shall provide the invi-tation or notice of the designation in writing. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL PARTICIPATING AGENCIES .—Any 
Federal agency that is required to adopt the en-vironmental document of the lead agency for a project shall be designated as a participating agency and shall collaborate on the preparation of the environmental document, unless the Fed-eral agency informs the lead agency, in writing, by a time specified by the lead agency in the designation of the Federal agency that the Fed-eral agency— 
‘‘(A) has no jurisdiction or authority with re-
spect to the project; 
‘‘(B) has no expertise or information relevant 
to the project; and 
‘‘(C) does not intend to submit comments on 
the project. 
‘‘(3) I
NVITATION .—The lead agency shall iden-
tify, as early as practicable in the environ-mental review for a project, any agencies other than an agency described in paragraph (2) that may have an interest in the project, including, where appropriate, Governors of affected States, and heads of appropriate tribal and local (in-cluding county) governments, and shall invite such identified agencies and officials to become participating agencies in the environmental re-view for the project. The invitation shall set a deadline of 30 days for responses to be sub-mitted, which may only be extended by the lead agency for good cause shown. Any agency that fails to respond prior to the deadline shall be deemed to have declined the invitation. 
‘‘(4) E
FFECT OF DECLINING PARTICIPATING  
AGENCY INVITATION .—Any agency that declines 
a designation or invitation by the lead agency to be a participating agency shall be precluded from submitting comments on any document pre-pared under NEPA for that project or taking any measures to oppose, based on the environ-mental review, any permit, license, or approval related to that project. ‘‘(5) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—Designation as 
a participating agency under this subsection does not imply that the participating agency— 
‘‘(A) supports a proposed project; or ‘‘(B) has any jurisdiction over, or special ex-
pertise with respect to evaluation of, the project. 
‘‘(6) C
OOPERATING AGENCY .—A participating 
agency may also be designated by a lead agency as a ‘cooperating agency’ under the regulations contained in part 1500 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2011. Designation as a cooperating agency shall have no effect on designation as participating agen-cy. No agency that is not a participating agency may be designated as a cooperating agency. 
‘‘(7) C
ONCURRENT REVIEWS .—Each Federal 
agency shall— 
‘‘(A) carry out obligations of the Federal 
agency under other applicable law concurrently and in conjunction with the review required under NEPA; and 
‘‘(B) in accordance with the rules made by the 
Council on Environmental Quality pursuant to subsection (n)(1), make and carry out such rules, policies, and procedures as may be rea-sonably necessary to enable the agency to en-sure completion of the environmental review and environmental decisionmaking process in a timely, coordinated, and environmentally re-sponsible manner. 
‘‘(8) C
OMMENTS .—Each participating agency 
shall limit its comments on a project to areas that are within the authority and expertise of such participating agency. Each participating agency shall identify in such comments the stat-utory authority of the participating agency per-
taining to the subject matter of its comments. The lead agency shall not act upon, respond to or include in any document prepared under NEPA, any comment submitted by a partici-pating agency that concerns matters that are outside of the authority and expertise of the commenting participating agency. 
‘‘(f) P
ROJECT INITIATION REQUEST .— 
‘‘(1) N OTICE .—A project sponsor shall provide 
the Federal agency responsible for undertaking a project with notice of the initiation of the project by providing a description of the pro-posed project, the general location of the pro-posed project, and a statement of any Federal approvals anticipated to be necessary for the proposed project, for the purpose of informing the Federal agency that the environmental re-view should be initiated. 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AGENCY INITIATION .—The agency 
receiving a project initiation notice under para-graph (1) shall promptly identify the lead agen-cy for the project, and the lead agency shall ini-tiate the environmental review within a period of 45 days after receiving the notice required by paragraph (1) by inviting or designating agen-cies to become participating agencies, or, where the lead agency determines that no partici-pating agencies are required for the project, by taking such other actions that are reasonable and necessary to initiate the environmental re-view. 
‘‘(g) A
LTERNATIVES ANALYSIS .— 
‘‘(1) P ARTICIPATION .—As early as practicable 
during the environmental review, but no later than during scoping for a project requiring the preparation of an environmental impact state-ment, the lead agency shall provide an oppor-tunity for involvement by cooperating agencies in determining the range of alternatives to be considered for a project. 
‘‘(2) R
ANGE OF ALTERNATIVES .—Following par-
ticipation under paragraph (1), the lead agency shall determine the range of alternatives for consideration in any document which the lead agency is responsible for preparing for the project, subject to the following limitations: 
‘‘(A) N
O EVALUATION OF CERTAIN ALTER -
NATIVES .—No Federal agency shall evaluate any 
alternative that was identified but not carried forward for detailed evaluation in an environ-mental document or evaluated and not selected in any environmental document prepared under NEPA for the same project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.001 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6234 September 25, 2015 
‘‘(B) O NLY FEASIBLE ALTERNATIVES EVALU -
ATED.—Where a project is being constructed, 
managed, funded, or undertaken by a project sponsor that is not a Federal agency, Federal agencies shall only be required to evaluate alter-natives that the project sponsor could feasibly undertake, consistent with the purpose of and the need for the project, including alternatives that can be undertaken by the project sponsor and that are technically and economically fea-sible. 
‘‘(3) M
ETHODOLOGIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall de-
termine, in collaboration with cooperating agen-cies at appropriate times during the environ-mental review, the methodologies to be used and the level of detail required in the analysis of each alternative for a project. The lead agency shall include in the environmental document a description of the methodologies used and how the methodologies were selected. 
‘‘(B) N
O EVALUATION OF INAPPROPRIATE AL -
TERNATIVES .—When a lead agency determines 
that an alternative does not meet the purpose and need for a project, that alternative is not required to be evaluated in detail in an environ-mental document. 
‘‘(4) P
REFERRED ALTERNATIVE .—At the discre-
tion of the lead agency, the preferred alter-native for a project, after being identified, may be developed to a higher level of detail than other alternatives in order to facilitate the de-velopment of mitigation measures or concurrent compliance with other applicable laws if the lead agency determines that the development of such higher level of detail will not prevent the lead agency from making an impartial decision as to whether to accept another alternative which is being considered in the environmental review. 
‘‘(5) E
MPLOYMENT ANALYSIS .—The evaluation 
of each alternative in an environmental impact statement or an environmental assessment shall identify the potential effects of the alternative on employment, including potential short-term and long-term employment increases and reduc-tions and shifts in employment. 
‘‘(h) C
OORDINATION AND SCHEDULING .— 
‘‘(1) C OORDINATION PLAN .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall es-
tablish and implement a plan for coordinating public and agency participation in and comment on the environmental review for a project or cat-egory of projects to facilitate the expeditious resolution of the environmental review. 
‘‘(B) S
CHEDULE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall es-
tablish as part of the coordination plan for a project, after consultation with each partici-pating agency and, where applicable, the project sponsor, a schedule for completion of the environmental review. The schedule shall in-clude deadlines, consistent with subsection (i), for decisions under any other Federal laws (in-cluding the issuance or denial of a permit or li-cense) relating to the project that is covered by the schedule. 
‘‘(ii) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In estab-
lishing the schedule, the lead agency shall con-sider factors such as— 
‘‘(I) the responsibilities of participating agen-
cies under applicable laws; 
‘‘(II) resources available to the participating 
agencies; 
‘‘(III) overall size and complexity of the 
project; 
‘‘(IV) overall schedule for and cost of the 
project; 
‘‘(V) the sensitivity of the natural and historic 
resources that could be affected by the project; and 
‘‘(VI) the extent to which similar projects in 
geographic proximity were recently subject to environmental review or similar State proce-dures. 
‘‘(iii) C
OMPLIANCE WITH THE SCHEDULE .— 
‘‘(I) All participating agencies shall comply 
with the time periods established in the schedule or with any modified time periods, where the 
lead agency modifies the schedule pursuant to subparagraph (D). 
‘‘(II) The lead agency shall disregard and 
shall not respond to or include in any document prepared under NEPA, any comment or infor-mation submitted or any finding made by a par-ticipating agency that is outside of the time pe-riod established in the schedule or modification pursuant to subparagraph (D) for that agency’s comment, submission or finding. 
‘‘(III) If a participating agency fails to object 
in writing to a lead agency decision, finding or request for concurrence within the time period established under law or by the lead agency, the agency shall be deemed to have concurred in the decision, finding or request. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSISTENCY WITH OTHER TIME PERI -
ODS.—A schedule under subparagraph (B) shall 
be consistent with any other relevant time peri-ods established under Federal law. 
‘‘(D) M
ODIFICATION .—The lead agency may— 
‘‘(i) lengthen a schedule established under 
subparagraph (B) for good cause; and 
‘‘(ii) shorten a schedule only with the concur-
rence of the cooperating agencies. 
‘‘(E) D ISSEMINATION .—A copy of a schedule 
under subparagraph (B), and of any modifica-tions to the schedule, shall be— 
‘‘(i) provided within 15 days of completion or 
modification of such schedule to all partici-pating agencies and to the project sponsor; and 
‘‘(ii) made available to the public. ‘‘(F) R
OLES AND RESPONSIBILITY OF LEAD  
AGENCY .—With respect to the environmental re-
view for any project, the lead agency shall have authority and responsibility to take such ac-tions as are necessary and proper, within the authority of the lead agency, to facilitate the expeditious resolution of the environmental re-view for the project. 
‘‘(i) D
EADLINES .—The following deadlines 
shall apply to any project subject to review under NEPA and any decision under any Fed-eral law relating to such project (including the issuance or denial of a permit or license or any required finding): 
‘‘(1) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW DEADLINES .—The 
lead agency shall complete the environmental review within the following deadlines: 
‘‘(A) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT  
PROJECTS .—For projects requiring preparation of 
an environmental impact statement— 
‘‘(i) the lead agency shall issue an environ-
mental impact statement within 2 years after the earlier of the date the lead agency receives the project initiation request or a Notice of Intent to Prepare an Environmental Impact Statement is published in the Federal Register; and 
‘‘(ii) in circumstances where the lead agency 
has prepared an environmental assessment and determined that an environmental impact state-ment will be required, the lead agency shall issue the environmental impact statement within 2 years after the date of publication of the No-tice of Intent to Prepare an Environmental Im-pact Statement in the Federal Register. 
‘‘(B) E
NVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT PROJECTS .— 
For projects requiring preparation of an envi-ronmental assessment, the lead agency shall issue a finding of no significant impact or pub-lish a Notice of Intent to Prepare an Environ-mental Impact Statement in the Federal Register within 1 year after the earlier of the date the lead agency receives the project initiation re-quest, makes a decision to prepare an environ-mental assessment, or sends out participating agency invitations. 
‘‘(2) E
XTENSIONS .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUIREMENTS .—The environmental re-
view deadlines may be extended only if— 
‘‘(i) a different deadline is established by 
agreement of the lead agency, the project spon-sor, and all participating agencies; or 
‘‘(ii) the deadline is extended by the lead 
agency for good cause. 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The environmental review 
shall not be extended by more than 1 year for a project requiring preparation of an environ-
mental impact statement or by more than 180 days for a project requiring preparation of an environmental assessment. 
‘‘(3) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW COMMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) C OMMENTS ON DRAFT ENVIRONMENTAL  
IMPACT STATEMENT .—For comments by agencies 
and the public on a draft environmental impact statement, the lead agency shall establish a comment period of not more than 60 days after publication in the Federal Register of notice of the date of public availability of such document, unless— 
‘‘(i) a different deadline is established by 
agreement of the lead agency, the project spon-sor, and all participating agencies; or 
‘‘(ii) the deadline is extended by the lead 
agency for good cause. 
‘‘(B) O
THER COMMENTS .—For all other com-
ment periods for agency or public comments in the environmental review process, the lead agency shall establish a comment period of no more than 30 days from availability of the mate-rials on which comment is requested, unless— 
‘‘(i) a different deadline is established by 
agreement of the lead agency, the project spon-sor, and all participating agencies; or 
‘‘(ii) the deadline is extended by the lead 
agency for good cause. 
‘‘(4) D
EADLINES FOR DECISIONS UNDER OTHER  
LAWS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, in any case in which a decision under any other Federal law relating to the undertaking of a project being reviewed under NEPA (including the issuance or denial of a permit or license) is required to be made, the following deadlines shall apply: 
‘‘(A) D
ECISIONS PRIOR TO RECORD OF DECISION  
OR FINDING OF NO SIGNIFICANT IMPACT .—If a 
Federal agency is required to approve, or other-wise to act upon, a permit, license, or other simi-lar application for approval related to a project prior to the record of decision or finding of no significant impact, such Federal agency shall approve or otherwise act not later than the end of a 90-day period beginning— 
‘‘(i) after all other relevant agency review re-
lated to the project is complete; and 
‘‘(ii) after the lead agency publishes a notice 
of the availability of the final environmental im-pact statement or issuance of other final envi-ronmental documents, or no later than such other date that is otherwise required by law, whichever event occurs first. 
‘‘(B) O
THER DECISIONS .—With regard to any 
approval or other action related to a project by a Federal agency that is not subject to subpara-graph (A), each Federal agency shall approve or otherwise act not later than the end of a period of 180 days beginning— 
‘‘(i) after all other relevant agency review re-
lated to the project is complete; and 
‘‘(ii) after the lead agency issues the record of 
decision or finding of no significant impact, un-less a different deadline is established by agree-ment of the Federal agency, lead agency, and the project sponsor, where applicable, or the deadline is extended by the Federal agency for good cause, provided that such extension shall not extend beyond a period that is 1 year after the lead agency issues the record of decision or finding of no significant impact. 
‘‘(C) F
AILURE TO ACT .—In the event that any 
Federal agency fails to approve, or otherwise to act upon, a permit, license, or other similar ap-plication for approval related to a project within the applicable deadline described in subpara-graph (A) or (B), the permit, license, or other similar application shall be deemed approved by such agency and the agency shall take action in accordance with such approval within 30 days of the applicable deadline described in subpara-graph (A) or (B). 
‘‘(D) F
INAL AGENCY ACTION .—Any approval 
under subparagraph (C) is deemed to be final agency action, and may not be reversed by any agency. In any action under chapter 7 seeking review of such a final agency action, the court 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.001 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6235 September 25, 2015 
may not set aside such agency action by reason 
of that agency action having occurred under this paragraph. 
‘‘(j) I
SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLUTION .— 
‘‘(1) C OOPERATION .—The lead agency and the 
participating agencies shall work cooperatively in accordance with this section to identify and resolve issues that could delay completion of the environmental review or could result in denial of any approvals required for the project under applicable laws. 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .—The 
lead agency shall make information available to the participating agencies as early as prac-ticable in the environmental review regarding the environmental, historic, and socioeconomic resources located within the project area and the general locations of the alternatives under consideration. Such information may be based on existing data sources, including geographic information systems mapping. 
‘‘(3) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES.—Based on information received from the 
lead agency, participating agencies shall iden-tify, as early as practicable, any issues of con-cern regarding the project’s potential environ-mental, historic, or socioeconomic impacts. In this paragraph, issues of concern include any issues that could substantially delay or prevent an agency from granting a permit or other ap-proval that is needed for the project. 
‘‘(4) I
SSUE RESOLUTION .— 
‘‘(A) M EETING OF PARTICIPATING AGENCIES .— 
At any time upon request of a project sponsor, the lead agency shall promptly convene a meet-
ing with the relevant participating agencies and the project sponsor, to resolve issues that could delay completion of the environmental review or could result in denial of any approvals required for the project under applicable laws. 
‘‘(B) N
OTICE THAT RESOLUTION CANNOT BE  
ACHIEVED .—If a resolution cannot be achieved 
within 30 days following such a meeting and a determination by the lead agency that all infor-mation necessary to resolve the issue has been obtained, the lead agency shall notify the heads of all participating agencies, the project spon-sor, and the Council on Environmental Quality for further proceedings in accordance with sec-tion 204 of NEPA, and shall publish such notifi-cation in the Federal Register. 
‘‘(k) L
IMITATION ON USE OF SOCIAL COST OF  
CARBON .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any environ-
mental review or environmental decisionmaking process, a lead agency may not use the social cost of carbon. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term 
‘social cost of carbon’ means the social cost of carbon as described in the technical support document entitled ‘Technical Support Docu-ment: Technical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order No. 12866’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon, United States Government, in May 2013, revised in November 2013, or any successor thereto or substantially related document, or any other estimate of the monetized damages as-sociated with an incremental increase in carbon dioxide emissions in a given year. 
‘‘(l) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The head of each 
Federal agency shall report annually to Con-gress— 
‘‘(1) the projects for which the agency initi-
ated preparation of an environmental impact statement or environmental assessment; 
‘‘(2) the projects for which the agency issued 
a record of decision or finding of no significant impact and the length of time it took the agency to complete the environmental review for each such project; 
‘‘(3) the filing of any lawsuits against the 
agency seeking judicial review of a permit, li-cense, or approval issued by the agency for an action subject to NEPA, including the date the complaint was filed, the court in which the com-plaint was filed, and a summary of the claims for which judicial review was sought; and ‘‘(4) the resolution of any lawsuits against the 
agency that sought judicial review of a permit, license, or approval issued by the agency for an action subject to NEPA. 
‘‘(m) L
IMITATIONS ON CLAIMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, a claim arising under Federal law seeking judicial review of a permit, license, or approval issued by a Federal agency for an action subject to NEPA shall be barred unless— 
‘‘(A) in the case of a claim pertaining to a 
project for which an environmental review was conducted and an opportunity for comment was provided, the claim is filed by a party that sub-mitted a comment during the environmental re-view on the issue on which the party seeks judi-cial review, and such comment was sufficiently detailed to put the lead agency on notice of the issue upon which the party seeks judicial re-view; and 
‘‘(B) filed within 180 days after publication of 
a notice in the Federal Register announcing that the permit, license, or approval is final pur-suant to the law under which the agency action is taken, unless a shorter time is specified in the Federal law pursuant to which judicial review is allowed. 
‘‘(2) N
EW INFORMATION .—The preparation of a 
supplemental environmental impact statement, when required, is deemed a separate final agen-cy action and the deadline for filing a claim for judicial review of such action shall be 180 days after the date of publication of a notice in the Federal Register announcing the record of deci-sion for such action. Any claim challenging agency action on the basis of information in a supplemental environmental impact statement shall be limited to challenges on the basis of that information. 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to create a right to judicial review or place any limit on filing a claim that a person has violated the terms of a permit, license, or approval. 
‘‘(n) C
ATEGORIES OF PROJECTS .—The authori-
ties granted under this subchapter may be exer-cised for an individual project or a category of projects. 
‘‘(o) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The requirements of 
this subchapter shall apply only to environ-mental reviews and environmental decision-making processes initiated after the date of en-actment of this subchapter. In the case of a project for which an environmental review or environmental decisionmaking process was initi-ated prior to the date of enactment of this sub-chapter, the provisions of subsection (i) shall apply, except that, notwithstanding any other provision of this section, in determining a dead-line under such subsection, any applicable pe-riod of time shall be calculated as beginning from the date of enactment of this subchapter. 
‘‘(p) A
PPLICABILITY .—Except as provided in 
subsection (p), this subchapter applies, accord-ing to the provisions thereof, to all projects for which a Federal agency is required to undertake an environmental review or make a decision under an environmental law for a project for which a Federal agency is undertaking an envi-ronmental review. 
‘‘(q) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to supersede, amend, or mod-ify sections 134, 135, 139, 325, 326, and 327 of title 23, sections 5303 and 5304 of title 49, or subtitle C of title I of division A of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act and the amendments made by such subtitle (Public Law 112–141).’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the items relating to subchapter II the following: 
‘‘
SUBCHAPTER IIA —INTERAGENCY COORDINATION  
REGARDING PERMITTING  
‘‘560. Coordination of agency administrative op-
erations for efficient decision-making.’’. (c) R
EGULATIONS .— 
(1) C OUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this division, the Council on Environ-mental Quality shall amend the regulations con-tained in part 1500 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, to implement the provisions of this division and the amendments made by this divi-sion, and shall by rule designate States with laws and procedures that satisfy the criteria under section 560(d)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) F
EDERAL AGENCIES .—Not later than 120 
days after the date that the Council on Environ-mental Quality amends the regulations con-tained in part 1500 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, to implement the provisions of this division and the amendments made by this divi-sion, each Federal agency with regulations im-plementing the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) shall amend such regulations to implement the provisions of this division. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to that 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–261. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MARINO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk as the des-ignee of Chairman G
OODLATTE . 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 8, line 20, strike ‘‘P ARTICIPATING ’’ and 
insert ‘‘C OOPERATING ’’. 
Page 8, line 22, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 8, line 23, insert after ‘‘agencies’’ the 
following: ‘‘(as such term is defined in part 1500 of title 40 of the Code of Federal Regula-tions, as in effect on January 1, 2011)’’. 
Page 9, line 1, strike ‘‘P
ARTICIPATING ’’ and 
insert ‘‘C OOPERATING ’’. 
Page 9, line 4, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 9, line 24, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 10, line 6, strike ‘‘P ARTICIPATING ’’ and 
insert ‘‘C OOPERATING ’’. 
Page 10, line 9, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 10, line 15, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 10, line 16, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’ 
Page 10, strike line 21 and all that follows 
through page 11, line 4. 
Page 11, line 5, strike ‘‘(7)’’ and insert 
‘‘(6)’’. 
Page 11, line 20, strike ‘‘(8)’’ and insert 
‘‘(7)’’. 
Page 11, line 20, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 11, beginning on line 22, strike ‘‘par-
ticipating’’ and insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 11, line 23, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 11, line 25, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.001 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6236 September 25, 2015 
Page 12, line 4, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 12, line 6, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 12, strike line 7 and all that follows 
through line 16. 
Page 12, strike line 17, and all that follows 
through ‘‘project, and the’’ on line 20, and in-sert the following: 
‘‘(f) L
EADAGENCY INITIATION .—The’’. 
Page 12, beginning on line 22, strike ‘‘the 
notice’’ and all that follows through line 3 on page 13, and insert the following: ‘‘an appli-cation for a project from a project sponsor.’’. 
Page 16, line 9, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 16, beginning on line 22, strike ‘‘par-
ticipating’’ and insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 17, line 2, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 17, line 16, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 18, line 2, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 18, line 7, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 19, line 6, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 20, beginning on line 7, strike ‘‘the 
project initiation request’’, and insert the following: ‘‘an application for a project from a project sponsor’’. 
Page 21, beginning on line 4, strike ‘‘par-
ticipating’’ and insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 21, line 11, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 22, line 7, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 22, line 19, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 25, line 15, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 25, line 15, strike ‘‘cooperatively’’. Page 25, line 23, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 26, line 5, strike ‘‘P
ARTICIPATING ’’ and 
insert ‘‘C OOPERATING ’’. 
Page 26, line 7, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 26, line 15, strike ‘‘P ARTICIPATING ’’ 
and insert ‘‘C OOPERATING ’’. 
Page 26, line 18, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 27, line 5, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 29, line 9, strike ‘‘a party that’’ and 
insert ‘‘a party to the administrative pro-ceeding, and the party’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 420, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment makes numerous technical and other minor wording changes to the bill. Together, these revisions clar-ify that the bill does not authorize du-plicative agency review proceedings, does not require duplicative project no-tification and initiation of agency re-view procedures, and does not allow permitting decisions to be challenged in court by parties who did not first present their arguments in the admin-istrative proceedings that produced the challenged permit. 
The amendment constitutes an 
agreement reached between the Judici-ary Committee and the other com-mittee of jurisdiction, the Natural Re-sources Committee. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to claim time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Ari-zona? 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Ari-
zona is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, the 
manager’s amendment has been cat-egorized as a technical amendment. We are told the amendment is designed to clarify the bill, which is being sold as the answer to our Nation’s economic woes. 
The bill is supposed to streamline 
government environmental reviews, and this amendment is supposed to streamline the underlying bill. Unfor-tunately, the only thing that is being streamlined here are the facts about NEPA. 
Mr. Chairman, the facts are not in 
the Republicans’ favor. For more than 40 years, NEPA has ensured that feder-ally funded projects are carried out in a transparent and cost-effective man-ner, while fostering public participa-tion in the decisionmaking process and minimizing impacts to the environ-ment. 
In fact, NEPA often provides the only 
forum for citizens to engage in major Federal actions that affect our health, well-being, and the environment. NEPA saves millions of dollars and is a tool for environmental justice. NEPA gave the confederated Salish and Kootenai tribal governments and cit-izen groups an opportunity to engage in the design of U.S. 93 in western Mon-tana, resulting in a project that suc-cessfully addressed safety, environ-mental, family farming, and cultural concerns. 
b0915 
NEPA’s success stories, where the 
process saves money and improves the quality of life for people impacted by Federal decisions, go on and on. My Re-publican colleagues tend to streamline these stories so we never get a chance to hear them. 
Here are some facts my Republican 
colleagues might have missed during their streamlining: 
95 percent of all NEPA analyses are 
completed through categorical exclu-sion, which generally requires only a few days. 
Less than 5 percent of NEPA actions 
require an environmental assessment, and less than 1 percent require a full EIS. Those projects that do require an EIS tend to be the largest, most com-plex. The delays that do occur are more likely the result of local opposition, a lack of funding, or changes in the project’s scope. 
Agency data, interviews with agency 
officials, and available studies show that most NEPA analyses do not result in litigation; yet, the underlying bill seeks to restrict judicial review, and the manager’s amendment would cre-
ate a judicial bar to the courthouse doors before a party could seek judicial review. 
Typically, there have been fewer 
than 100 cases per year nationwide in the last decade even though the NEPA review process is applied to tens of thousands of government actions each year and tens of thousands more that are classified as exempt from review based on categorical exclusions. 
NEPA is not a barrier to develop-
ment. It is a tool for better decision- 
making. The only reason to avoid NEPA or to weaken it is so that you can make decisions less carefully. This is the purpose of the legislation. 
Apparently, the bill itself was not 
drafted very carefully; so, we have a manager’s amendment to fix all the er-rors. This manager’s amendment is just more proof that my Republican colleagues should leave NEPA alone because their understanding of how it works and what it does is, unfortu-nately, too streamlined. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 14, line 11, insert after the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘No alternative may be deemed feasible if the alternative does not adequately address risks associated with flooding, wildfire, and climate change.’’ 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 420, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
As my fellow Californian Ronald 
Reagan once said, ‘‘There you go again.’’ Attacks on NEPA have become almost a common, weekly occurrence in this Congress, and H.R. 348 is just the latest iteration. 
We should really call this bill the 
VAPID Act because it is tired, un-imaginative, and a ploy to undermine one of our bedrock environmental laws: NEPA. 
My amendment would not fix all of 
this bill’s problems, but it certainly would inject some small sense of fiscal responsibility into this legislation that seemingly has been designed for wast-ing taxpayers’ money. 
Restricting the ability of the public 
to comment on proposed projects vir-tually guarantees more lawsuits and more hastily approved projects that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\SEP 15\H25SE5.REC H25SE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6237 September 25, 2015 
could turn into embarrassing boon-
doggles. 
Particularly in the face of climate 
change, we must take special care to ensure that the future value of projects is considered. This means thoroughly evaluating the risks associated with more frequent and intense wildfires as well as flooding caused by stronger storms and higher sea levels. 
Doing these reviews will not delay 
projects. As was pointed out by the ranking member, it is a fact that 95 percent of all NEPA analyses are com-pleted through categorical exclusions, which generally require only a few days to process. 
Less than 5 percent require an envi-
ronmental assessment, and less than 1 percent require a full environmental impact statement, or an EIS. 
Those projects that do require an EIS 
tend to be the largest and most com-plex, and delays that do occur are more likely the result of local opposition, a lack of funding, or changes in the project’s scope, not due to NEPA. 
Making sure that roads aren’t wiped 
out by a future storm surge or that ac-tivities in our national forests don’t spark fires or that government-fi-nanced and -permitted actions are re-
silient to climate change is the least we can do to protect taxpayers and the environment. 
To do this, we need to keep NEPA 
strong, not weaken it by making gov-ernment actions less transparent. The current NEPA process allows for the full consideration of the costs and the benefits of proposed actions and leads to environmentally and economically sound outcomes. 
I urge a ‘‘yea’’ vote on my amend-
ment because the threats associated with climate change and related nat-ural hazards are too great for this House to continue to ignore. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, by its 
terms, the amendment brands infeasi-ble—and, thus, barred from further evaluation—project alternatives that do not appear at the outset of the re-view process to adequately address risks associated with flooding, wildfire, and climate change. With all due re-spect, that puts the cart before the horse. 
The bill is intended to allow the re-
view of alternatives that are tech-nically and economically feasible. It is entirely possible that, during the course of review, a technically and eco-nomically feasible alternative that ap-pears initially to be inadequate to ad-dress these risks could, on further re-view, be found to be adequate or to be improved to be adequate. It might even ultimately be found to be the best al-ternative under review. 
Why should we prematurely end the 
evaluation of alternatives that could ultimately prove adequate with regard 
to these types of risks? 
This does not prevent the review 
process. What it does prevent is some-one waiting to get in at the last mo-ment, which has been 5 or 6 years later, to jam the system up in court, there-fore crushing jobs and letting regula-tion run rampant. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
just want to comment that risks due to flooding, to stronger storms, to climate change are not putting the cart before the horse. I am simply asking that we don’t waste taxpayers’ money by not considering these risks. This is a fis-cally sound amendment, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 15, after line 21, insert the following: 
‘‘(6) L OW-INCOME AND COMMUNITIES OF COLOR  
ANALYSIS .—The evaluation of each alter-
native in an environmental impact state-ment or an environmental assessment shall identify the potential effects of the alter-native on low-income communities and com-munities of color.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 420, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, the 
National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA, is a 45-year-old law which stands, basically, for two things: that the Federal Government should con-sider alternatives before taking action that can impact people’s lives and that the public should have the opportunity to comment on those alternatives be-fore a final decision is made. 
House Republicans oppose both of 
these simple principles and so they at-tack NEPA time after time, year after year. The bill before us today is just a rerun of those attacks. 
My amendment, unfortunately, can-
not fix this bill. In fact, my amend-ment is really just proof of what is so 
dangerous about the RAPID Act. Among the critical issues that can be addressed through our existing NEPA process is ensuring environmental jus-tice. 
Bills like the one we are considering 
today seek to short-circuit that proc-ess; so, they seek to short-circuit envi-ronmental justice concerns. My amend-ment would put environmental justice considerations back in the process cre-ated by this legislation; but we would not even need this amendment if Re-publicans would just leave NEPA alone. 
Twenty-one years ago President Bill 
Clinton issued his executive order on environmental justice. After decades of hard work, struggle, some victories along the way, the promise of environ-mental justice for all communities re-mains unfulfilled. 
While environmental toxins and pol-
lution know no class or race, low-in-come communities and communities of color bear a disproportionate share of adverse environmental consequences. 
Low-income communities and com-
munities of color are routinely tar-geted to host facilities that have nega-tive environmental impacts, such as landfills, refineries, chemical plants, freeways, and ports. 
Seventy-eight percent of African 
Americans live within 30 miles of a coal-fired power plant. Nearly one out of every two Latinos lives in the coun-try’s top 25 most ozone-polluted cities. 
For decades, these communities have 
been battling environmental injustices and have been seeking to build healthy, livable, and sustainable communities. 
NEPA recognizes that, when the pub-
lic and Federal experts work together, better decisions are made. We have not solved the problem yet, but the solu-tion is a more inclusive, more rigorous use of the NEPA process, not these constant, industry-friendly attacks on the law. 
Every person has the right to live, 
work, and play in a healthy and safe environment; yet, too often, the health of too many Americans is determined by their race, class, ZIP code, and street address. 
It is unfortunate and inefficient to 
have to come down here to protect these issues one by one for each and every Republican bill that is presented. 
The adoption of my amendment 
would keep H.R. 348 from destroying the progress we have made on issues for communities of color, but it doesn’t solve the problem. 
A far better approach would be to 
drop H.R. 348 and to instead invest in making NEPA stronger and more in-clusive than ever. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.008 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6238 September 25, 2015 
There was no objection. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, among 
those who suffer most unfairly from poor government decision-making are the communities the gentleman’s amendment addresses. For example, growing research shows that the costs of new regulations often have regres-sive effects on those with lower in-comes. When poor government deci-sion-making occurs in the permit re-view process, similar unfair effects may occur. 
The gentleman’s amendment guards 
against this by requiring agencies to identify and reveal the potential ad-verse effects of project alternatives on low-income communities and commu-nities of color. Once identified and re-vealed, of course, any such effects may be avoided, minimized, or mitigated. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
b0930 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chair, I rise to 
offer an amendment. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 21, line 12, strike ‘‘or’’. 
Page 21, line 14, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; or’’. 
Page 21, after line 14, insert the following: 
‘‘(iii) a deadline extension is requested by 
an elected official of a State or locality, or a local tribal official.’’. 
Page 22, line 8, strike ‘‘or’’. Page 22, line 10, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; or’’. 
Page 22, after line 10, insert the following: 
‘‘(iii) a deadline extension is requested by 
an elected official of a State or locality, or a local tribal official.’’. 
Page 22, line 20, strike ‘‘or’’. Page 22, line 22, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; or’’. 
Page 22, after line 22, insert the following: 
‘‘(iii) a deadline extension is requested by 
an elected official of a State or locality, or a local tribal official.’’. 
Page 24, line 12, strike ‘‘or’’. Page 24, line 14, insert after ‘‘cause,’’ the 
following: ‘‘, or the deadline was extended pursuant to the request of an elected official of a State or locality, or a local tribal offi-cial,’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 420, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chair, I rise 
today to offer a commonsense amend-ment to the RAPID Act, a misguided bill that will disempower local leaders, including tribal leaders, and threaten the health and safety of our commu-nities and their communities. 
As a member of the Natural Re-
sources Committee, time and time again I have witnessed the Republican majority siding with big business and gutting bedrock environmental safe-guards that for decades have protected our families and our natural heritage. 
My Republican friends claim that 
this bill is intended to protect the in-terest of our States and Native Amer-ican tribes. 
Mr. Chair, we already have a law on 
the books for that purpose. It is called the National Environmental Policy Act, NEPA, and it works. At its heart, NEPA ensures that our government is accountable to the people. 
This critical law has protected the 
environment for more than 40 years without imposing arbitrary deadlines or limiting vital public input. 
It guarantees the public an oppor-
tunity to review and comment on ac-tions proposed by the government, ena-bling important perspectives that would otherwise go unnoticed. In this way, NEPA can actually serve as a check on Big Government. 
Unfortunately, the RAPID Act prom-
ises the opposite, a deeply flawed proc-ess that would diminish the voice of State, local, and tribal communities. 
The RAPID Act will also establish a 
new regulatory framework that pur-posely overrides the NEPA review proc-ess, limiting public input and con-sequently undermining the quality and integrity of Federal agency decisions. 
Among its many dangerous provi-
sions, the bill will also trigger the automatic approval of construction projects if agencies miss arbitrary deadlines, regardless of the complexity or hazard posed by such potential projects. 
Though the bill includes some ex-
tremely limited and narrow exceptions for these deadlines, as it is currently written, it fails to extend those dead-lines for our local communities. 
My amendment would simply create 
a new good cause exception that would allow a deadline to be extended if a re-quest is made from a local- or State- elected official or a local tribal leader. 
While my amendment does not fix all 
the problems in the underlying bill, it ensures that, if this bill should pass, our local and tribal leaders will con-tinue to be empowered, as they are cur-rently under NEPA. 
I support the goal of reducing red 
tape, but stripping away the ability of our local communities to have their voices heard is undemocratic and unac-ceptable. Mr. Chair, special interests don’t need us to fight for them. Our communities do. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment and to stand with our local and tribal leaders when it comes to projects in their own back yards that 
impact their homes, families, and busi-ness. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment would allow agencies to es-cape the bill’s streamlined permitting deadlines simply because an elected State or local official or a local tribal official asks for an extension. 
The amendment contains no require-
ment that a Federal agency find the compelling basis for an extension or even a significant basis or even any substantive basis at all. 
On the contrary, all that a recal-
citrant Federal agency, a project oppo-nent, or anyone else would need to de-feat an efficient permitting decision is to find an elected State or local official or a local tribal official willing to put in an extension request for them. 
The potential for abuse of this pro-
posed provision by those who only seek delay for delay’s sake or who seek to kill worthy projects outright is obvi-ous. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chair, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 24, strike line 19 and all that follows 
through page 25, line 12. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 420, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
hope that we will find common ground on really responding to a great concern that I think all Americans should be concerned about. 
Although this bill is called the 
RAPID Act, were it to become law, in the present form, a permit or license for a project would be deemed approved if the reviewing agency does not issue the requested permit or license within 90 to 120 days. That is a short period of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.010 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6239 September 25, 2015 
time for complex regulatory structures 
that deal with complex industries. 
An industry that I represent in Hous-
ton, Texas, the energy industry, has complex needs and, as well, complex impacts and consequences if we do not deal with the agencies responsible, if the DOE, for example, does not do its due diligence. 
Now, let me say this, Mr. Chairman. 
These particular permits are done sooner than 90 to 120 days. But what this bill says is, if the agency is en-gaged in a very complex deliberative thought process, then, if they reach that deadline and they still have not finished, they are then, if you will, throwing to the side all of the safety issues and issues dealing with the pro-tection of the American people under the bus. 
My amendment strikes the provision, 
deeming approved any project for which an agency does not meet the deadlines contained in the bill. 
I can appreciate some of the frustra-
tions through the review process by the National Environmental Policy Act, but the cure is not this bill. 
If a Federal agency has failed to ap-
prove or disapprove a project or make the required finding, we are in trouble. Babies are in trouble with formula. Senior citizens are in trouble with var-ious pharmaceuticals. They are in trouble. And then, if we run up against the deadline, there is no response. 
Second, frequently there are times 
when it is the case that the complexity of the issues, as I said, warrant us to do so. In other words, what this bill is say-ing is: To heck with reason and good judgment. We do not care. To heck with protecting the American people. We do not care. 
As I listened intently and intensely 
to the Pope’s words yesterday, I offer this quote: Moses provided us with a good synthesis of your work. You are asked to protect—and speaking to us— by means of the law, the image, and likeness fashioned by God on every human face. 
This bill smacks in the face of that 
instruction. I believe that this amend-ment is worthy of passing. 
Mr. Chair, if H.R. 348, the so-called RAPID 
Act, were to become law in its present form, a permit or license for project would be ‘‘deemed’’ approved if the reviewing agency does not issue the requested permit or license within 90–120 days. 
My amendment strikes the provision deem-
ing approved any project for which agency does not meet deadlines contained in the bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I can appreciate some of the 
frustrations expressed by many of our friends across the aisle when it comes to review proc-ess mandated by the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA). 
But the cure they propose in H.R. 348 is an 
example of a medicine that is worse than the disease. 
Under H.R. 348, if a federal agency fails to 
approve or disapprove the project or make the required finding of the termination within the applicable deadline, which is either 90 days or 120 days, depending on the situation, then the project is automatically deemed approved by 
such agency. 
This creates a set of unintended con-
sequences. 
First, as an agency is up against that dead-
line and legitimate work is yet to be com-pleted, it is likely to disapprove the project simply because the issues have not been vet-ted. 
Second, frequently there are times when it 
is the case that the complexity of issues that need to be resolved necessitates a longer re-view period, rather than an arbitrary limit. 
So if H.R. 348 were to become law the most 
likely outcome is that federal agencies would be required to make decisions based on in-complete information, or information that may not be available within the stringent deadlines, and to deny applications that otherwise would have been approved, but for lack of sufficient review time. 
In other words, fewer projects would be ap-
proved, not more. 
Mr. Chairman, H.R. 348 ostensibly seeks to 
make a minor procedure adjustment to the Ad-ministrative Procedure Act (APA). 
In reality, however, H.R. 348 would radically 
transform the NEPA review process, and not for the better either. 
For more than 40 years, NEPA has been 
the law of the land and has provided a re-markably effective framework for all types of projects (not just construction projects) that re-quire federal approval pursuant to a federal law, such as the Clean Air Act. 
For these reasons, I urge all Members to 
support the Jackson Lee Amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, the 
American people desperately need new jobs. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, America’s labor force par-ticipation rate remains mired among historic lows. 
Almost 94 million Americans who 
could work are outside the workforce. That is more than the population of all but 12 of the world’s countries and more than every other country in the Western Hemisphere, except for Brazil and Mexico. 
We face this historically low rate not 
because Americans don’t want to work, but because so many Americans have despaired of any hope of finding a new full-time job and have abandoned the workforce. 
The RAPID Act offers strong help to 
reverse this tragedy, restore the hope, and produce millions of new jobs. We must pass the bill, not weaken it, to provide these new high-wage jobs. 
The gentlewoman’s amendment 
would weaken the bill in one of the worst possible ways. It would remove the clear consequences in the bill for agencies that refuse to follow the bill’s deadlines. That consequence is to deem permits approved if agencies refuse to approve or deny them within those deadlines. 
Mr. Chairman, the bill provides 4
1⁄2 
years for agencies to complete their environmental reviews for new permit 
applications and reasonable and addi-tional time for agencies to wrap up final permit approvals or denials after that; 4
1⁄2years is more time than it 
took the United States to fight and win World War II. 
If agencies can’t wrap up their envi-
ronmental reviews in that much time and then meet the bill’s remaining deadlines, there is something terribly wrong with the agencies. 
The prospect of facing a default ap-
proval at the end of the substantial time the bill grants is an eminently reasonable way to assure that agencies will conduct full reviews and wrap their work up in time to make up or down decisions on their own. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
am so glad my colleague mentioned the question of jobs. 
Mr. Chairman, how much time do I 
have remaining? 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Texas has 2 minutes remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I am 
very glad my colleague mentioned jobs because none of us here are fighting against jobs. 
In fact, I happen to be supporting the 
full employment legislation that my good friend, Congressman J
OHN CON-
YERS , has offered and I have joined. 
We are not here speaking against 
jobs. We are speaking for the American people. 
We are trying to explain the com-
plexity of the permitting process. Whether it is for drilling, whether it is to deal with construction, whether it is to deal with complex environmental issues that have to be addressed im-pacting the American people or, for ex-ample, whether it is dealing with the Volkswagen company that saw fit to do the technology to undermine viable rules that the American automobile in-dustry was complying with, definitely impacting jobs, I would have hoped that we would have had a process of permitting or a process of determining whether the Volkswagen company was violating these rules that were here to help the issue of pollution and other issues here, but also undermining the jobs of our own American companies. 
Let me say that the Jackson Lee 
amendment, in essence, is to suggest that there is a lot of complexity that my friends on the other side of the aisle with the RAPID Act—the very name of it suggests that we are throw-ing judgment to the wind. 
All we want to do is to move forward, 
even if they are ill. And we don’t want the taxpayer dollars that have asked these workers in these agencies who have the expertise from the DOE, to the FDA and beyond—Food and Drug Administration, Department of En-ergy—to protect us. 
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that my 
amendment, by eliminating the 90 to 120, deeming it approved in the midst 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.015 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6240 September 25, 2015 
of a crisis when it is not fit to be ap-
proved, is an amendment that this body should pass. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
Jackson Lee amendment because I am here to protect the American people and to do justly, as has been given to us in a wonderful message yesterday by Pope Francis. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, how much 
time do I have remaining? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Pennsylvania has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I want to 
just give a couple of examples of the timing factor that we are seeing that the agencies just are not executing properly. 
Cape Wind Project: For more than 12 
years—12 years—they were waiting for permits to build an operation that would create jobs and renewable en-ergy. 12 years. 
Orange County toll road in Orange 
County, California: There was a 12-year delay there as well. The project was ex-tended tens of millions of dollars be-cause of the delay there, and jobs were lost because of that. 
Charleston Harbor, Savannah Port 
dredging project: Again, there was a decade of delays in permitting because agencies are just sitting around, not taking the job responsibly. They never would survive in private industry if they operated under those conditions. 
So those are a few examples of the 
cost in dollars and cents and the jobs that are lost because of these agencies not performing their responsibilities. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas will be postponed. 
b0945 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 25, line 4, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, unless the project would limit access to or opportunities for hunting or fishing, or impact a species listed as an endangered species or threatened spe-cies under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 420, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The National Environmental Policy 
Act, or NEPA as we frequently short-hand it, is one of our bedrock conserva-tion laws, and it has a simple premise: look before you leap. Its timelines are designed to provide transparency and public participation in government. H.R. 348 would move us in the opposite direction. 
My amendment would not fix all of 
the problems with this bill, but it would allow hunters, anglers, and wild-life enthusiasts to continue to enjoy the benefits that NEPA provides. 
Several recent stories help explain 
the benefits of NEPA, including the fol-lowing: 
Recently, a plan to improve U.S. 23 
in my home State of Michigan was modified to avoid the largest loss of wetlands in our State’s history. Not only will this help improve the bio-diversity of the region, but it will also preserve that habitat for migratory waterfowl prized by hunters. This land could have been lost and hunters would have had their access reduced if not for the robust comment process that NEPA provides. 
There are similar stories across the 
country. In 2013, changes to the Army Corps of Engineers’ plan to increase storage capacity at the John Redmond Reservoir in Kansas were needed to protect prime deer and turkey hunting areas, as well as avoid the destruction of a local boat ramp providing fisher-men access to the lake. 
In 2004, sportsmen’s groups from 
across the country banded together during the NEPA review process and caused BLM to withdraw a proposal to allow oil and gas drilling along the Rocky Mountain Front in Montana. 
The list goes on and on, but the point 
is that none of these positive outcomes 
would have been achieved without a strong NEPA process that encourages public participation instead of limiting it. 
Furthermore, the habitats utilized by 
game and sports fishermen are the same as those utilized by endangered fish, wildlife, and plants. Destroying one destroys the other, which is why NEPA must allow for a thorough re-view of potential impacts to listed spe-cies. 
My amendment would ensure these 
protections will be preserved so hunt-ers, fishermen, and American wildlife will continue to benefit from them. There is absolutely no legitimate rea-son to limit public oversight of tax-payer-funded projects. 
NEPA shines a light on proposed gov-
ernment actions and helps local citi-zens provide new information and ideas, improve projects, and ensure sus-tainable decisionmaking. It helps Fed-eral authorities consider a range of al-ternatives, often resulting in lower costs to the public, something I am sure everyone here supports. NEPA is a quintessentially Amer-
ican, quintessentially small-govern-ment law. It reinforces the rights of people to hold their government ac-countable. A host of environmental groups have endorsed my amendment, but I am particularly pleased to have the support of Trout Unlimited, be-cause my amendment would help pro-tect the rights of anglers. If you hunt, you fish or have constituents who do, you should support a strong NEPA and vote for my amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, one of 
the linchpins of the RAPID Act is its set of provisions that: deem a permit approved if the permitting agency re-fuses to meet the bill’s reasonable deadlines; and, prohibit a court from overturning a permit approval simply because the permit was deemed ap-proved when deadlines expired before action was taken. 
If we do not include consequences 
like these in the bill, how will we ever ensure that recalcitrant, foot-dragging Federal agencies will achieve the bill’s goal of streamlined permit decisions? 
The amendment, however, removes 
all consequences for agencies’ foot- dragging so long as the projects at issue would either limit access to or opportunities for hunting or fishing or impact an endangered or threatened species. That is in the bill. The amend-ment’s sponsor offers no sound reason to do this. 
The bill does not require projects 
with these kinds of impacts to be ap-proved. It just requires that permitting decisions, up or down, be reached after, at most, 4
1⁄2years of environmental re-
view. Surely that is enough time to re-view all kinds of projects, including those that limit access to or opportuni-ties for hunting or fishing or impact endangered or threatened species. 
To make matters worse, the bill 
would allow agencies to drag their feet without consequences even if a project had a beneficial impact on an endan-gered or threatened species. Why should we allow delay for that? 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to quickly respond to the com-ments made by my colleague on the other side of the aisle. 
We often hear that NEPA is a scape-
goat for projects being delayed, but as the GAO and others have found, out-side issues, including the complexity of the project, local opposition and, most importantly, funding issues are almost always the cause of delays. 
If we adequately funded highway and 
infrastructure projects, we wouldn’t be seeing so many delays the majority is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.016 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6241 September 25, 2015 
so concerned with. NEPA is a conven-
ient excuse, but the facts simply don’t support the claim that it is the root cause of projects being delayed. 
We should not be limiting the 
public’s ability to comment on govern-ment decisions; but, instead, we should be enhancing them. This bill does the opposite. I urge my colleagues to sup-port my amendment and oppose the un-derlying bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, my col-
league forgets to mention the fact that the lead Federal agency in this is re-sponsible for maintaining a schedule, just like we do in private industry, just like we do in our own homes. That agency is responsible for going to the States and to the locals and other Fed-eral agencies to make sure things are being done. Unfortunately, here in D.C., and sometimes at the State level, the left hand does not know what the right hand is doing, and this is making agencies responsible for that. It is just common sense. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Michigan will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 27, strike line 11 and all that follows 
through page 28, line 4, and redesignate pro-visions accordingly. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 420, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. P
ETERS ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, before I entered public 
service, I practiced environmental law for 15 years in large firms, in a govern-ment office, and in my own firm. Through that experience, I learned firsthand of the frustration that many businesses and local governments face when they try to navigate overly com-plex and underly responsive permit processes. 
I also know from experience that 
time is money, and often a business seeking a permit is paying dearly to hold a property or to service a loan while it waits for that permit to be 
issued. That is why I have often said that for applicants, ‘‘no’’ is the second best answer. Tell us ‘‘no’’ or tell us how, but don’t string us along. 
That is why I appreciate the spirit of 
the RAPID Act. I don’t think it is the perfect answer. Frankly, I don’t think it will become law. I am working on some other streamlining strategies that I think are superior and might have the bipartisan support that both would get them through this Chamber and the Senate and get them signed into law by President Obama. 
As I told my colleagues on the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, I will vote for the RAPID Act if Congress adopts my amendment and does not pass restric-tions on considering the role of green-house gasses and climate change on our environment. 
My amendment would simply elimi-
nate subsection (k) of the bill, a sec-tion that explicitly prohibits any con-sideration of the social cost of carbon. For too long we have heard that we have to choose between a prosperous economy and a clean environment. San Diegans and people around the country know that is a false choice. 
We can and we must provide eco-
nomic opportunity and clean air and clean water for future generations. That means providing businesses and communities with regulatory certainty to help them plan and invest in the fu-ture, and it also means that we use this streamlined process, with tight and re-liable deadlines, to analyze the eco-nomic, environmental, and social costs of carbon dioxide emissions. 
As highlighted in former New York 
Mayor Mike Bloomberg’s bipartisan Risky Business report, accounting for the social cost of carbon and preparing for climate change is just smart busi-ness practice. The costs of carbon in-clude financial losses from sea level rise. If we continue on our current path of carbon emissions, by 2050, between 66 and 106 billion dollars worth of existing coastal property will likely be below sea level nationwide. Eighty-seven per-cent of all Californians live in coastal counties, and 80 percent of the State’s GDP is derived from those counties. 
Climate affects energy supply costs. 
Greenhouse gas-driven changes in tem-perature, catalyzed by burning fossil fuels, would require us to build new power generation facilities to help cool homes and businesses that Risky Busi-ness estimates will cost residential and commercial ratepayers as much as $12 billion a year. 
That is $12 billion that could be used 
by families to put their kids through school or buy a home, or by businesses to hire more employees. 
Climate affects the cost of national 
defense. In 2014, the Pentagon issued a report on the security risks associated with profound changes to global cli-mate and the environment. The report found that climate change poses an im-mediate threat to national security. That will put additional upward pres-sure on our already-stressed defense 
budget. 
Climate affects agriculture, water 
supply, fire preparedness. In California, the largest agriculture producing State in the country, we are in the fourth year of what has been one of the worst droughts in recorded history. Commu-nities across the State are facing water shortages. Dry conditions have ex-tended our fire season to be nearly a year-round concern. 
Given the stakes associated with car-
bon emissions on coastal property, en-ergy, defense, our food supply, fires, and our quality of life, shouldn’t we at least understand the long-term costs associated with the project? 
This bill could hold the line on re-
sponsiveness and provide long-term certainty to businesses without bury-ing our collective heads in the sand on the costs of carbon, one of the main en-vironmental impacts this environ-mental law must confront. By strip-ping out subsection (k) and allowing us to consider the real costs of carbon on our economy, my amendment rejects the false choice between a prosperous economy and a healthy climate. We can and we must have both. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, the 
amendment seeks to strike the bill’s prohibition against agency use in per-mitting reviews of the Obama adminis-tration’s pronouncements on the social costs of carbon, but this prohibition was adopted last term for a very good reason. 
The administration’s social cost of 
carbon estimate is junk science. To be specific, multiple commentators on the administration’s findings about the so-cial cost of carbon argue that carbon’s social cost is an unknown quantity, that social cost of carbon analysts can get just about any result they desire by fiddling with nonvalidated climate pa-rameters, made-up damage functions, and below-market discount rates, and that social cost of carbon analysis is computer-aided sophistry, its political function being to make renewable en-ergy look like a bargain at any price and fossil energy look unaffordable, no matter how cheap. 
Junk science and sophistry has no 
place standing between hard-working Americans and new, high-paying jobs. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
California has 30 seconds remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.019 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6242 September 25, 2015 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
two responses. One, this is not Presi-dent Obama’s agenda. This is the agen-da of a bipartisan report, Risky Busi-ness, the Department of Defense, and a number of other people who have rec-ognized this is a real problem we have to confront. 
Second, I would say to the gen-
tleman: Let the science work itself out through the process. There is plenty of science that is questioned in the NEPA process. There is no other point at which this body has prevented a discus-sion of any content except here. 
Let the process work it out. I will be 
with you on your timelines. We will get businesses the certainty that they de-serve. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
b1000 
Mr. MARINO. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my colleague from Pennsylvania and fellow member of the Judiciary Committee for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amend-
ment. The social cost of carbon is a flawed concept that should play no role in the environmental decisionmaking process. 
It is based on speculative formulas 
and has no basis in reality. Formulas can easily be manipulated to support any costly regulation. 
The social cost of carbon is a polit-
ical tool the Obama administration uses to impose its extreme agenda on the American people. 
It is also another way that the ad-
ministration tries to use secret science and data to justify questionable rule-making. Speculating on the social cost of carbon should be restricted, not ex-panded. 
For these reasons, an agency should 
not use the social cost of carbon in its environmental review or in its environ-mental decisionmaking process. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
amendment. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: Page 28, line 1, insert after ‘‘substantially 
related document,’’ the following: ‘‘the draft guidance entitled: ‘Revised Draft Guidance for Federal Departments and Agencies on Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and the Effects of Climate change in NEPA Reviews’ (79 Fed. Reg. 77801), or any suc-cessor thereto or substantially related docu-ment,’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 420, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer a commonsense amend-ment that will protect American jobs and our economy by prohibiting Fed-eral agencies from being forced to fol-low job-killing and unlawful draft guid-ance that sneakily seeks to implement Federal policies that pave the way for cap-and-trade-like mandates. 
Congress and the American people 
have repeatedly rejected cap-and-trade proposals pushed by this President and his Big Government allies. 
Knowing he can’t lawfully enact a 
carbon dioxide tax plan, President Obama has chosen to circumvent Con-gress and is now seeking to address cli-mate change by playing loose and get-ting creative with the Clean Air Act as well as through an unlawful guidance issued in December 2014. 
The underlying bill already prohibits 
Federal agencies from utilizing the so-cial cost of carbon valuation. Further-more, the social cost of carbon valu-ation was rejected four times by this very body last Congress. 
My simple, clarifying amendment 
adds to the Obama administration’s re-vised draft guidance for greenhouse gas emissions and the effects of climate change that were issued by the White House in December 2014 to the defini-tion for social cost of carbon in the bill. 
This straightforward amendment is 
common sense, as this deeply flawed guidance instructs agencies to include a controversial measurement of the so-cial cost of carbon into their analyses and is the Obama administration’s lat-est tool for attempting to implement this terrible new model that has con-sistently been rejected by the House. 
Roger Martella, a self-described life-
long environmentalist and career envi-ronmental lawyer, testified at the May 2015 House Natural Resources Com-mittee hearing on the revised guidance and the flaws associated with the so-cial cost of carbon model, stating: 
The ‘‘‘social cost of carbon’ esti-
mates suffer from a number of signifi-cant flaws that should exclude them from the NEPA process. 
‘‘First, projected costs of carbon 
emissions can be manipulated by changing key parameters such as time-frames, discount rates, and other val-ues that have no relation to a given project undergoing review. As a result, applying social cost of carbon esti-mates can be used to promote pre-de-termined policy preferences rather than provide for a fair and objective 
evaluation of a specific proposed fed-eral action. 
‘‘Second, OMB and the other federal 
agencies developed the draft Social Cost of Carbon estimates without any known peer review or opportunity for public comment during the develop-ment process. This process is antithet-ical to NEPA’s central premise that in-formed agency decision making must be based on transparency and open dia-logue with the public. 
‘‘Third, OMB’s draft Social Cost of 
Carbon estimates are based primarily on global rather than domestic costs and benefits. This is particularly prob-lematic for NEPA reviews because the Courts have established that agencies cannot consider transnational impacts in NEPA reviews. 
‘‘Fourth, there is still considerable 
uncertainty in many of the assump-tions and data elements used to create the draft Social Cost of Carbon esti-mates, such as the damage functions and modeled time horizons. In light of the lack of transparency in the OMB’s process, these concerns over accuracy are particularly problematic.’’ 
Mr. Martella’s testimony was spot 
on. Congress, not Washington bureau-crats at the behest of the President, should dictate our country’s climate change policy. 
These sweeping new changes that are 
seeking to be implemented by the White House did not go through the normal regulatory process, and there was no public comment. 
Furthermore, the Obama administra-
tion has refused to answer pivotal questions about this guidance and even failed to send a witness to a May 2015 hearing on this matter. 
While the Obama administration ac-
knowledged the draft guidance is not legally enforceable, you best believe that Federal agencies that received the 31-page revised guidance will treat this document like it was signed into law by the President. 
Unfortunately, this administration 
just doesn’t get it and continues to try to circumvent Congress to impose an extremist agenda that is not based on the best available science. 
Worse yet, the model utilized to pre-
dict the social cost of carbon can easily be manipulated to arrive at any desired outcome. 
The House has rejected the social 
cost of carbon numerous times. I ask all those to join me once again in re-jecting this flawed proposal and pro-tecting jobs right here in America. 
I commend the chairman and the 
committee for their efforts on this leg-islation and for recognizing that the NEPA process is in desperate need of reform. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the Gosar amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.022 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6243 September 25, 2015 
because it would weaken a critical part 
of the National Environmental Policy Act. 
The Council on Environmental Qual-
ity recently issued draft guidance under NEPA detailing how Federal agencies should consider the effects of greenhouse gas emissions. 
This NEPA guidance is a common-
sense and perfectly legal step toward reducing the Federal Government’s contribution and vulnerability to glob-al warming. It is smart planning that accounts for risk and will save tax-payers money, something I am sure that everyone here can support. 
Furthermore, the guidance will only 
increase NEPA’s effectiveness as a tool for environmental justice, helping communities that cannot afford expen-sive lobbyists to protect their homes and values. Climate change is hitting low-income communities and commu-nities of color the hardest. 
Instead of blocking progress, we 
should congratulate President Obama and CEQ on issuing this incredibly im-portant and long overdue draft guid-ance to Federal agencies and urge them to issue a final version as soon as pos-sible. 
And, for the record, my under-
standing is CEQ did have a witness at the hearing that was just referred to. 
This guidance makes clear that Fed-
eral agencies must factor greenhouse gas emissions and climate change into their decisions and will produce better, more informed and more efficient out-comes. 
Efforts to convince the American 
people we have nothing to do with cli-mate change—or, as Pope Francis said in words the American people under-stood yesterday: air pollution—will not slow the pace of actual climate change, and it will harm our economy, public health, and national security. That is why this is a bad amendment. 
We urge you to vote against it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. I yield myself the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Earth’s climate has been chang-
ing since the beginning of time, and that is something that we can all agree on. 
MIT researchers recently reported 
that there was a massive extinction some 252 million years ago that coin-cided with a massive buildup of carbon dioxide. While the cause of the massive buildup is unknown, it is safe to say that man did not exist and he still can’t explain it. 
You can take all the carbon-pro-
ducing applications, whether it be oil, coal, or volcanic action, and they still can’t get the models to predict. So we are leading the blind with the blind. 
I ask for all Members to vote for this 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. I yield myself the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to read 
an excerpt from Pope Francis’ address to us yesterday that really stood out to me: ‘‘I call for a courageous and re-
sponsible effort to redirect our steps, and to avert the most serious effects of the environmental deterioration caused by human activity. I am con-vinced that we can make a difference, and I have no doubt that the United States—and this Congress—have an im-portant role to play.’’ 
I take that call by our Pope very se-
riously. There are even reports today that China is going to announce a cap- and-trade program. 
By considering this bill and this 
amendment, Congress is not playing a constructive role. 
I urge all of my colleagues to vote 
‘‘no’’ on the Gosar amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I support the 
amendment. 
It is bad enough that agencies already take 
too much time to conclude construction permit reviews. 
It is even worse for them to draw out the 
process on the basis of junk science. 
And that is precisely what the Obama ad-
ministration’s pronouncements on the ‘‘social sost of carbon’’ appear to be. 
The Obama administration’s current ‘‘social 
cost of carbon’’ estimate is plagued by defects including the lack of full scientific peer review, robust public comment, and full compliance with federal requirements for influential sci-entific assessments. 
Subsection (K) of the bill prohibits the use of 
the administration’s ‘‘technical update of the social cost of carbon for regulatory impact analysis under Executive Order No. 12866,’’ as well as successors to it. 
The gentleman’s amendment makes crystal 
clear that agencies also may not rely on ad-ministration ‘‘guidance’’ documents intended to facilitate agencies’ use of the prohibited tech-nical document. 
I urge my colleagues to suport the amend-
ment. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 31, beginning on line 4, strike ‘‘sub-
section (p)’’ and insert ‘‘subsections (q) and (r)’’. 
Page 31, line 17, insert after ‘‘141).’’ the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(r) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PROJECTS .— 
This subchapter does not apply in the case of any project that could be a potential target for a terrorist attack or that involves chem-ical facilities and other critical infrastruc-
ture.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 420, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
although we have been debating for a long period of time, let me say to my colleagues to remind them—and I see my good friend, Chairman G
OODLATTE , 
on the floor—that this legislation amends the National Environmental Policy Act with good intentions. 
However, what this bill will do is ac-
tually strip out critical input from Federal, State, local agencies, and the public, jeopardizing both the environ-ment and public safety—let me repeat that—jeopardizing the American peo-ple, environment, and public safety. 
The bill sets new, tight deadlines for 
environmental review, permitting, and licensing decisions and simply, as I said earlier, throws wisdom and good judgment to the wind. 
I serve as a senior member on the 
Homeland Security Committee. And so I rise today with my amendment that improves the bill and helps to protect the homeland by carving a limiting ex-ception for construction projects that could be potential targets for terrorist acts, such as chemical facilities, nu-clear power plants, and other critical infrastructure. 
Let me offer the comments of the 
Congressional Budget Office. They have no basis for estimating the num-ber of construction projects that could be expedited or the savings that would be realized in this bill. 
Of course, those who support it use 
that as their main Rock of Gibraltar, if you will, their main point of argument that this is a good bill. A good bill in the face of terrorism? 
Director Comey has indicated that he 
has determined that there are ongoing investigations of suspected terrorist cells operating in all 50 States. Yet, we want to expedite this process when it is determining issues dealing with our na-tional security to a certain extent. 
This issue deals with the U.S. Nu-
clear Regulatory Commission, which the Circuit Court of Appeals of the Ninth Circuit said shall account for the potential environmental impacts of acts of terrorism in its environmental review process. 
b1015 
Are you going to rush them along? 
The NRC has also imposed stringent 
antiterrorism requirements on its li-censes through 10 CFR section 73, which outlines security requirements for the physical protection of nuclear plants and materials. 
The Jackson Lee amendment covers 
nuclear power plants and, as well, chemical facilities to not rush the process to protect the American peo-ple. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.025 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6244 September 25, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. This amendment denies the benefit of the bill’s permit streamlining provi-sions to any and all projects that could be terrorist targets or involve chemical facilities or other critical infrastruc-ture. That includes projects that would help to protect those infrastructures and facilities from terrorist attacks or other adversities. 
Why would we want to delay permit-
ting decisions on projects that would help to protect us? 
The bill, moreover, already provides 
up to 4
1⁄2years for agencies to complete 
their environmental reviews for new permit applications and reasonable ad-
ditional time for agencies to wrap up final permit approvals or denials after that. 
As I have said before, if agencies 
can’t wrap up their environmental re-views in that much time and then meet the bill’s remaining deadlines, there is something terribly wrong with those agencies. 
Mr. Chairman, new projects, whether 
they be infrastructure projects that make a dam stronger or make a high-way safer or make a nuclear facility less vulnerable to attack, are all im-portant things to do, and we should do them with expedition, not take longer rather than shorter to get them done, because all the time that we are spin-ning our wheels with the permitting process that can take 20 years or more, we are more vulnerable during that time. 
Almost all new infrastructure 
projects are better than what they are replacing, and that should be our guid-ing principle. Get these things done ex-peditiously. It will make us safer. It will make us a better economy. It will create more jobs. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
how much time do we have remaining? 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Texas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. The 
gentleman from Virginia has 3 minutes remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, quite the contrary to 
my good friend from Virginia, what this amendment does is protects the process of the NRC to fully review the potential impacts of terrorism on Fed-eral construction projects involving nuclear facilities and chemical facili-ties as well. 
In addition, I think when we hear the 
names Chernobyl, Fukushima, and Three Mile Island, we understand the vast and devastating impact of such an incident that may be caused or driven by terrorism. 
I would not want to limit the NRC, 
which has been given court authority by law to investigate and provide an 
investigation, thorough investigation, on the impact on chemical and nuclear plants, and we have it restricted. It takes more than 4 years to build a nu-clear facility. 
So are you suggesting that the facil-
ity, then, can go on and be built for 10, 20 years, and we shut off the NEPA that has the responsibilities for the American people? I don’t think that is appropriate. 
Mr. Chairman, let me suggest that 
the American people from the Alaska Wilderness League, the Natural Re-sources Defense Council, and the West-ern Environmental Law Center are against this bill. 
I will place this into the R
ECORD . 
Mr. Chairman, the Executive Office 
of the President, Council on Environ-mental Quality is opposed to this bill, and I will insert this into the R
ECORD . 
I just want to mention that, of 
course, the President has issued a veto threat. Where this bill is going, I do not know. But the main thing I would like to say to my colleagues is: Can’t we stand together united around the question of national security? 
My amendment specifically indicates 
that this issue of terrorism should be a simple carve-out, and I would ask you to do so. 
Let me also bring in the comments of 
the Pope as indicated yesterday: 
If politics must truly be at the service of 
the human person, it follows that it cannot be a slave to the economy and finance. Poli-tics is, instead, an expression of our compel-ling need to live as one in order to build, as one, the greatest common good: that of a community which sacrifices particular inter-ests in order to share, in justice and peace, its goods, its interests, and its social life. 
The interest of the American people 
is to accept the Jackson Lee amend-ment—to carve out an exception in this bill that is opposed by the President and all other aspects of goodwill people here dealing with the environment—to deal with this issue. 
Might I remind you, Mr. Chairman, 
of the Volkswagen scandal. If a more robust process had been in mind, 11 million owners of Volkswagens—and 400,000 in the United States—might be in a better place. 
This is a good amendment dealing 
with the safety and security of the American people. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amend-
ment. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk; it is listed in the Rule as Jackson Lee 9. 
Many of us wear a number of hats with dual 
committee assignments; I am a senior mem-ber of the Homeland Security Committee and the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations. 
This perspective and these responsibilities 
have given me a special appreciation for the difficult and challenging times we live in and the importance of not taking precipitous ac-tions that could put the security of our home-land at risk. 
Mr. Chair, if H.R. 348, the so-called RAPID 
Act, were to become law in its present form, a permit or license for project would be 
‘‘deemed’’ approved if the reviewing agency does not issue the requested permit or license within 90–120 days. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment improves the 
bill and helps to protect the homeland by carv-ing a limited exception for construction projects that could be potential targets for ter-rorist attacks such as chemical facilities, nu-clear power plants, and other critical infra-structure. 
In particular, I think it is important to note 
that the FBI Director Comey recently indicated that there are ongoing investigations of sus-pected terrorist cells operating in all of the 50 states. 
All federal agencies are subject to the envi-
ronmental decision making requirements under NEPA. 
This includes the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory 
Commission, which the Circuit of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit has held ‘‘shall account for the potential environmental impacts of acts of terrorism in its environmental review process.’’ 
The NRC has also imposed stringent anti- 
terrorism requirements on its licenses pursu-ant to 10 C.F.R. Section 73, which outlines se-curity requirements for the physical protection of nuclear plants and materials. 
A nuclear power plant is, a chemical facility 
covered by the Jackson Lee Amendment. 
Mr. Chair, we should not limit the ability of 
the NRC to fully review the potential impacts of terrorism on Federal construction projects involving nuclear facilities and chemical facili-ties, as would be the case were H.R. 348 to become law. 
Worse still, H.R. 348 would automatically 
deem construction projects approved even where the NRC needs more time to complete its review of the environmental risk and/or the potential vulnerability of a critical infrastructure facility to terrorist attack. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment ensures the 
rushed and dangerous approach to the NEPA approval process embodied in H.R. 348 does not adversely impact the security of the home-land from the risk of terrorist attacks on nu-clear facilities or other critical infrastructure construction projects. 
In short, the Jackson Lee Amendment pro-
vided added protection to keep Americans safe. 
I urge support for the Jackson Lee Amend-
ment. 
SEPTEMBER 17, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our 
millions of members and activists, we are writing to urge you to oppose H.R. 348, the misleadingly named ‘‘Responsibly and Pro-fessionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015.’’ Instead of improving the permitting process, the bill will severely undermine the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) and, consequently, the quality and integrity of federal agency decisions. 
The National Environmental Policy Act 
plays a critical role in ensuring that projects are carried out in a transparent, collabo-rative, and responsible manner. NEPA sim-ply requires federal agencies to assess the environmental, economic, and public health impacts of proposals, solicit the input of all affected stakeholders, and disclose their findings publicly before undertaking projects that may significantly affect the environ-ment. Critically, NEPA recognizes that the public—which includes industry, citizens, local and state governments, and business owners—can make important contributions by providing unique expertise. NEPA also 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.029 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6245 September 25, 2015 
gives a voice to the most impacted and 
underrepresented, especially to the most vul-nerable communities who usually have to bear the most burden of where federal projects are proposed in the first place. How-ever, H.R. 348 strikes at these core purposes of NEPA by systematically prioritizing speed of decisions and project approval over the public interest. 
Studies on the causes of delay in the per-
mitting process reveal that the primary cause of delay is not the NEPA process. Rather, as multiple studies by the Govern-ment Accountability Office and the Congres-sional Research Service have pointed out, the principal causes of delay in permitting rest outside the NEPA process entirely and are attributable to other factors such as lack of funding, project complexity, and local op-position to the project. The RAPID Act ig-nores the true causes of delay, and instead, focuses on institutionalizing dangerous ‘‘re-forms’’ that restrict public input, limit re-view of the environmental and economic im-pacts of projects, and that create more, not less, bureaucracy. Provisions in the RAPID Act, such as the following, will create more delays in permitting, result in less flexibility in the process, and tilt the entire permitting process towards shareholder interest, not the public interest. For example, the bill: 
Places Arbitrary Limitations on Environ-
mental Reviews—Section 560(i) of the bill threatens to undermine NEPA’s goal of in-formed decision-making and the agency’s role of acting in the public interest. It sets arbitrary deadlines on environmental re-views of permits, licenses, or other applica-tions—regardless of the possible economic, health, or environmental impacts. Con-sequently, it puts communities at risk by promoting rushed and faulty decisions. 
Limits Consideration of Alternatives—Sec-
tion 560(g) strikes at what CEQ regulations describe as ‘‘the heart of the NEPA process’’ by restricting the range of reasonable alter-natives to be considered by an agency. 
Creates Serious Conflicts of Interests— 
Section 560(c) blurs the distinct roles of pri-vate entities and agencies in agency deci-sions by allowing private project sponsors with stakes in the decision to prepare envi-ronmental review documents which creates inherent conflicts of interest and thus jeop-ardizes the integrity of the decision-making process. 
Leading to Unanticipated Delays—The bill 
forces stakeholders into court preemptively simply to preserve their right to judicial re-view. The bill also limits the public’s judi-cial access to challenge and address faulty environmental reviews which in turn is like-ly to increase the controversy and the amount of litigation derived from the per-mitting process which in turn could add to project delays. 
Denies the Impacts of Climate Change— 
Section 560(k) of the bill prohibits any con-siderations of the Social Cost of Carbon (SCC), which the EPA and other federal agencies use to estimate the economic dam-ages associated with specific projects and their related carbon dioxide emissions. The tool is critical for the public to understand the true benefits and costs of a project. Ig-noring climate change puts critical infra-structure, tax payer dollars, and local com-munities at risk. 
Provisions such as these and many more in 
the RAPID Act will only serve to increase delay and confusion around the environ-mental review process. We believe compro-mising the quality of environmental review and limiting the role of the public is the wrong approach. 
Far from being broken, the National Envi-
ronmental Policy Act has proven its worth as an invaluable tool. It ensures that the public, developers, and agencies have a reli-
able template for consistent and fair pro-posal assessment for major projects that may impact federal resources. The RAPID Act contradicts and jeopardizes decades of experience gained from enacting this critical environmental law. Further, it tips the bal-ance away from informed decisions and pub-lic oversight, jeopardizing the public’s abil-ity to participate in how public resources will be managed. Please oppose this unneces-sary and overreaching piece of legislation and vote ‘‘no’’ on the RAPID Act. 
Alaska Wilderness League, American 
Rivers, Center for Biological Diversity, Citizens for Global Solution, Clean Air Task Force, Clean Air Council, Clean Water Action, Conservation Colorado, Conservatives for Responsible Steward-ship, Defenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice, EDF Action, Environ-mental Law and Policy Center, Epic— Environmental Protection Information Center, Energy Action Coalition, Friends of the Earth, Gulf Coast Center for Law & Policy, Green Latinos, Ken-tucky Heartwood, Klamath Forest Alli-ance, Klamath Siskiyou Wildlands Cen-ter, League of Conservation Voters, Los Padres ForestWatch, Marine Con-servation Institute, Montana Environ-mental Information Center, National Parks Conservation Association, Nat-ural Resources Defense Council, New Energy Economy, New Jersey Sierra Club, Oceana, Ocean Conservation Re-search, Public Citizen, Rachel Carson Council, Safe Climate Campaign, Si-erra Club, Southern Environmental Law Center, Southern Oregon Climate Action Now, SustainUS, Union of Con-cerned Scientists, Western Environ-mental Law Center, The Wilderness So-ciety. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESI-
DENT COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL  
QUALITY , 
Washington, DC, September 24, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary. Hon. J
OHNCONYERS , JR., 
Ranking Member, House Committee on the Judiciary. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE AND RANKING  
MEMBER CONYERS : I am writing to you to 
provide the Council on Environmental Quality’s (CEQ) views on H.R. 348, the ‘‘Re-sponsibly and Professionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015.’’ Although the bill purports to streamline environmental re-views, we believe the legislation is deeply flawed and will undermine the environ-mental review process. If enacted, these changes could lead to more confusion and delay, interfere with public participation and transparency, and hamper economic growth. 
The National Environmental Policy Act 
(NEPA) was signed into law by President Richard Nixon after passing Congress with overwhelming bipartisan support. NEPA ush-ered in a new era of citizen participation in government, and it required the government to elevate the consideration of the environ-mental effects of its proposed actions. It re-
mains one of the cornerstones of our Na-tion’s modern environmental protections. 
NEPA is as relevant and critical today as 
it was in 1970. NEPA focuses and informs de-cision makers, policy makers, and the public on alternatives and the tradeoffs involved in making decisions. Today, we take for grant-ed that governmental decision making should be open and transparent, that govern-ment actions should be carefully thought out and their consequences explained, and that government should be accountable. Prior to 
the enactment of NEPA, this was not always the case. H.R. 348 would undo more than four decades of transparent, open, and account-able government decision making. 
The Administration believes that Amer-
ica’s economic health and prosperity are tied to the productive and sustainable use of our environment, and the President has stressed these principles since his first day in office. NEPA remains a vital tool for the Nation as we work to protect our environment and public health and continue to grow our econ-omy. 
The President also takes seriously the 
need for efficient permitting and decision making by Federal agencies. American tax-payers, communities and businesses deserve nothing less. However, we reject the notion that NEPA and other Federal environmental 
laws and regulations hinder job creation. 
For example, the Federal Highway Admin-
istration (FHWA) has found that 96.5 percent of federally funded highway projects are ap-proved under the least intensive, shortest and quickest layer of NEPA analysis, namely categorical exclusions (CEs). CEs can take as little as a few days to a few months to com-plete, not years, and are usually done con-currently with other aspects of the project review process so that the entire review process is completed quickly. Only 0.3 per-cent of FHWA projects require a full environ-mental impact statement (EIS), the most de-tailed study under NEPA. When there are project delays, they are typically caused by incomplete funding packages, project com-plexity, changes in project scope, local oppo-sition, and low local priority, or compliance with other laws and requirements facilitated by the NEPA process, but rarely NEPA itself. An investigation by the Congressional Research Service (CRS) of the NEPA process in federally funded highway projects bore this same point out. 
Within the Administration, we have 
prioritized improving the environmental re-view process and continue to make advance-ments in this space that will improve inter-agency coordination and synchronization of reviews to increase decision-making speed; improve project siting and project quality; expand innovative mitigation approaches; and drive accountability and transparency through the expanded use of an online per-mitting dashboard. For example, under Exec-utive Order 13604, the interagency infrastruc-ture permitting steering committee estab-lished the permitting dashboard, which makes project schedules transparent to the public and is designed to improve the timeli-ness and environmental outcomes of the per-mitting process. This was followed by a Pres-idential Memorandum to Federal Agencies on May 17, 2013 to modernize Federal infra-structure review, permitting regulations, policies and procedures to significantly re-duce the time it takes to permit infrastruc-ture projects. In addition, CEQ has taken several steps to improve and make more effi-cient Federal agency decision making. 
This year, the Administration released an 
updated ‘‘how-to’’ handbook (also known as the Red Book), Synchronizing Environ-mental Reviews for Transportation and other Infrastructure Projects, to improve and modernize NEPA and other types of re-views, such as those required under the En-dangered Species Act (ESA), the National Historic Preservation Act (NHPA), the Clean Water Act (CWA), the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (MSA), and the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA), by providing information to fa-cilitate more widespread adoption of concur-rent reviews. More synchronized reviews by Federal permitting agencies will lead to more effective and efficient environmental reviews and projects with reduced impacts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.022 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6246 September 25, 2015 
the environment as well as savings of time 
and money. 
CEQ also initiated a NEPA Pilot Program 
in March 2011 to solicit ideas from Federal agencies and the public about innovative time- and cost-saving approaches to NEPA implementation. Under this process, CEQ is working to identify additional innovative approaches that reduce the time and costs required for effective implementation of its NEPA regulations. 
H.R. 348 would make a number of consider-
able changes to Federal agency regulatory review, permitting, and environmental anal-ysis that undercut the core principles em-
bodied in NEPA, including reasoned deci-sion-making and public involvement. The legislation seeks to implement these changes to Federal agency decision making under the Administrative Procedure Act (APA). The passage of this legislation will lead to two sets of standards by which Federal agencies would be expected to comply, one for ‘‘con-struction projects’’ under the APA and one for all other Federal actions, such as rule-making or planning, under NEPA. This would lead to confusion, delay, and ineffi-ciency. 
Moreover, the legislation would direct 
agencies, upon the request of a project spon-sor, to adopt State documents if the State laws and procedures provide environmental protection and opportunities for public in-volvement ‘‘that are substantially equiva-lent to NEPA.’’ In our view, it is difficult to determine whether a State statute is sub-stantially equivalent to NEPA and the legis-lation contains no requirement for agencies to determine if the State documents are ade-quate for NEPA purposes. More importantly, the State document may have looked at a different purpose and need for the project, a different set of alternatives than the Federal agency would have looked at, and relied on different standards for analysis. The State, for example, may not have looked at the same factors that Federal agencies are re-quired to consider, such as environmental justice and wetlands protection. Finally, no two State processes are alike, compounding confusion for projects that cross State lines. Thus, a Federal agency’s reliance on State documents may lead to inconsistencies be-tween Federal projects and agencies, dif-ferent environmental goals and protections, confusion among the public, and unclear re-sults for businesses and project applicants. 
The legislation also establishes arbitrary 
deadlines for the completion of NEPA anal-yses. Factors such as feasibility and engi-neering studies, non-Federal funding, con-flicting priorities, local opposition, or appli-cant responsiveness are just a few examples of delays outside of the control of an agency. Arbitrary deadlines and provisions that automatically approve a project if the agen-cy is unable to make a decision due to one of the factors described above will lead to in-creased litigation, more delays, and denied projects as agencies will have no choice but to deny a project if the review and analysis cannot be completed before the proposed deadlines. 
These comments illustrate a few of the 
many concerns we have with the legislation. The Administration would be happy to pro-vide the Committee with a more thorough and exhaustive list of our substantive con-cerns with the legislation at the request of the Committee. 
In closing, when properly implemented, 
NEPA improves collaboration, consensus, ac-countability, and transparency surrounding government decision-making and actions. Our Nation’s long-term prosperity depends upon our faithful stewardship of the air we breathe, the water we drink, and the land that supports and sustains us. Our country has been strengthened by the open, account-
able, informed, and citizen-involved decision- making structure created by NEPA, and our economy has prospered. 
Sincerely, 
C
HRISTY GOLDFUSS , 
Managing Director, 
Council on Environmental Quality. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time to say to my colleague from Texas that this bill is about national security. 
The gentlewoman is right. We can all 
agree on the importance of national se-curity and protecting our security, but making sure that when projects are planned they are implemented within a reasonable period of time. And we are talking about years—not days or weeks or even months—years for a permit-ting, years for examination to make sure that these are done carefully, but not decades, as happens now with a number of different projects that have been discussed over the last 2 days that, in their current state, without the kinds of repairs, without the kinds of increased improvements, without the kinds of additional safety and secu-rity protections that new projects bring online, we are more vulnerable, not less. I fear that the gentlewoman from Texas’ amendment would do just that. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield to the gen-
tlewoman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank my good 
friend for yielding to me. 
Maybe we can work together on this 
amendment because it is a simple carve-out. It should be narrow. It clari-fies that the bill’s provision does not apply to environmental reviews or per-mitting on other agencies’ decisions that could deal with potential terrorist attack targets, such as chemical facili-ties and other critical infrastructure. I don’t think that that is something that the gentleman and myself would dis-agree with and, particularly, the nu-clear plants, which take a longer pe-riod of time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Reclaiming my 
time, I would say to the gentlewoman that the bill allows lots of time for each stage of the permitting process to cover and discover ways to make a project more secure, to make it safer, to improve it in a variety of different ways; and that the gentlewoman’s amendment would harm the ability to do that, not help, because it would slow down the process under which we would have these new projects able to begin construction and then be completed. 
With that, I urge my colleagues to 
oppose the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
OF GEORGIA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
(d) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall have the effect of changing or lim-iting any law or regulation that requires or provides for public comment or public par-ticipation in an agency decision making process. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 420, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, the purpose of this amendment is simple. It protects the right of the pub-lic to comment. 
This amendment reads: ‘‘Nothing in 
this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall have the effect of chang-ing or limiting any law or regulation that requires or provides for public comment or public participation in an agency decision making process.’’ 
Now, yesterday, Mr. Chairman, the 
Pope, right here in this very room, called on each of us to pursue a com-mon good, which he told us requires a courageous and responsible effort. And certainly, if we are going to protect the common good, it requires that we pro-tect the right of the public to comment on projects that have an adverse im-pact on our precious environment, right there where they live. 
This amendment would restore the 
right of any member of the public to comment on construction projects that may have an environmental impact; and because of that, I don’t expect any opposition to this amendment, Mr. Chairman. 
Like a number of well-respected envi-
ronmental groups, I oppose H.R. 348, the so-called RAPID Act, which threat-ens public health and safety by putting a thumb on the scales of justice in favor of private sector businesses in the project approval process. 
It is yet another antiregulatory 
measure whose only design is to grease the wheels of the approval process of projects that are environmentally sen-sitive. 
Aside from creating duplicative and 
costly requirements that pertain to certain types of projects, the RAPID Act would also limit the right of the public to comment on these projects. 
This bill does that in two ways: first, 
by reducing opportunities for public input, and secondly, by fast-tracking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.023 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6247 September 25, 2015 
the approval process through arbitrary 
deadlines. 
Through an open, flexible, and timely 
process, NEPA empowers the public to weigh in on decisions. That means that the local farmer who owns land that would be affected by a Federal con-struction project—let’s say a nasty pipeline like Keystone—it ensures that that local farmer would have the abil-ity and would stand on local footing with the construction industry and with the Federal Government. 
My amendment is vital to ensuring 
that the RAPID Act does not shut the public out of the process. I am sure that all minds agree that that is rea-sonable. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
do rise in opposition to this amend-ment. 
I do share, however, the interest of 
the gentleman from Georgia in pro-moting the common good, as men-tioned by Pope Francis when he spoke in this Chamber yesterday. But the common good is people coming to-gether to improve their lives by cre-ating improved infrastructure for transportation, whether that is high-ways or mass transit, for delivering en-ergy resources to places where that en-ergy needs to be delivered, to improv-ing the shipping lanes so that goods can be shipped to and from this coun-try and within this country in ways that make it easier for consumers to receive the energy, the products, the transportation that they need and de-serve. 
The RAPID Act will create jobs by 
ensuring that the Federal environ-mental review and permitting process works like it should. It will also make sure that these infrastructure projects that deliver the common good will do so in a reasonable period of time, so people won’t have to wait 20 years, like we heard yesterday from the gen-tleman from Texas, about simply low-ering the draft, the 8 feet lower, for ships to get up the waterway in east Texas to deliver goods and pick up goods from ports in that part of the country. Why 20 years to make a deci-sion about dredging 8 feet from a wa-terway? 
The RAPID Act is drafted to make 
agencies operate efficiently and trans-parently. That is not happening in so many, many instances. But, it does not prevent citizens from participating in that process. In fact, the bill makes sure that agencies provide the public with reasonable public comment peri-ods. It authorizes up to 60 days of pub-lic comment on Environmental Impact Statements, up to 30 days of comments on environmental assessments and other documents, and grants the lead agency authority to negotiate exten-
sions or provide them on its own ‘‘for good cause.’’ 
b1030 
This is more than fair. By compari-
son, the National Environmental Pol-icy Act, which has been cited many times on the other side of the aisle, only requires agencies to allow 45 days for public comment—not the 60 days provided in the RAPID Act—on draft environmental impact statements and 30 days for public comments on final environmental impact statements. 
The RAPID Act also reasonably re-
quires that a person comment on an environmental document before chal-lenging it in court and bring any suit within 6 months as opposed to 6 years. Opponents should not be able to delay a project indefinitely by playing ‘‘hide the ball’’ with agencies or by resting on their rights. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to respond. First, in the 
narrowed circumstances in which an agency may supplement an environ-mental impact statement under the bill, the lead agency ‘‘may’’ solicit comments from agencies and the public for not more than 30 days beginning on the date of the publication of the sup-plement. 
CEQ regulations require an agency to 
provide for a 45-day public review and comment period, although there is also a provision in the CEQ regulations that allows CEQ to approve alternative pro-cedures for supplemental EISs if cir-cumstances warrant a deviation from the normal process. 
Secondly, under the bill, each par-
ticipating agency is to limit its com-ments on a project to areas within the authority and expertise of the agency and identify statutory authority for their comments. 
It specifically prohibits the lead 
agency from acting upon, responding to or including any document that is ‘‘outside of the authority and expertise of the commenting participating agen-cy.’’ 
This is inconsistent with the CEQ 
regulations, which allow all agencies— whether local, tribal, State, or Fed-eral—to comment on any substantive issue relative to the NEPA analysis, just as all members of the public should be able to do. 
So, finally, I would just point out 
that, if we are talking about efficiency and if we are talking about the com-mon good, it does the public no good to cut out public comment from this proc-ess. If we can agree on that, then we can agree that this amendment is a good one. With that, I ask for its ap-proval. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OEof 
Texas) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 1020. An act to define STEM education 
to include computer science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Foundation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
RESPONSIBLY AND PROFES-
SIONALLY INVIGORATING DE-VELOPMENT ACT OF 2015 
The Committee resumed its sitting. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, proceedings will now re-sume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–261 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the fol-lowing order: 
Amendment No. 2 by Mr. L
OWENTHAL  
of California. 
Amendment No. 3 by Mr. G RIJALVA of 
Arizona. 
Amendment No. 4 by Mr. G ALLEGO of 
Arizona. 
Amendment No. 5 by Ms. J ACKSON  
LEEof Texas. 
Amendment No. 6 by Mrs. D INGELL of 
Michigan. 
Amendment No. 7 by Mr. P ETERS of 
California. 
Amendment No. 8 by Mr. G OSAR of 
Arizona. 
Amendment No. 9 by Ms. J ACKSON  
LEEof Texas. 
Amendment No. 10 by Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.032 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6248 September 25, 2015 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 170, noes 228, not voting 36, as follows: 
[Roll No. 508] 
AYES—170 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—228 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman 
Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan 
Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—36 
Amodei 
Barletta Barton Bass Becerra Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Brady (TX) Buchanan Buck Carter (TX) Cicilline Deutch Heck (NV) 
Higgins Jenkins (WV) Jones Kildee LaMalfa Lewis Long Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) 
Polis Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scott, David Speier Thompson (CA) Torres Tsongas Williams 
b1106 
Messrs. CONAWAY, RENACCI, 
STEWART, and TURNER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. MOORE and Mr. CURBELO of 
Florida changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B YRNE ). The 
unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. 
The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 320, noes 88, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 509] 
AYES—320 
Abraham 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison 
Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo 
Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.035 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6249 September 25, 2015 
Scalise 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOES—88 
Aderholt 
Allen Amash Babin Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Gibbs Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Harris 
Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Knight Labrador Lamborn Loudermilk Love Lummis Massie McCaul McClintock Meadows Mica Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Olson Palazzo Perry Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Salmon Sanford Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thornberry Tipton Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Westmoreland Womack Woodall Yoho Zinke 
NOT VOTING—26 
Amodei 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Buchanan Buck Deutch Heck (NV) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam 
Jones Kildee LaMalfa Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) 
Price, Tom Roybal-Allard Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Tsongas Williams 
b1114 
Messrs. ADERHOLT and MULVANEY 
changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. WITTMAN, BARR, ROYCE, 
COLE, GUTHRIE, and DOLD changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair, I was un-
avoidably detained and was not present for one roll call vote on Friday, September 25, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted in this manner: 
Rollcall vote No. 509—Grijalva amend-
ment—‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Chair, on rollcall Nos. 
508 and 509 I was detained and missed the votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on both. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 230, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 510] 
AYES—179 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zinke 
NOES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—25 
Amodei Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Buchanan Buck Deutch Heck (NV) Jenkins (WV) Jones 
Kildee Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) Pelosi Price, Tom 
Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Tiberi Tsongas Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1119 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.024 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6250 September 25, 2015 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 173, noes 237, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 511] 
AYES—173 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore 
Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) 
Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador 
LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—24 
Amodei 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Buchanan Buck Deutch Heck (NV) Jenkins (WV) 
Jones Kildee Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) 
Pelosi Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Tsongas Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1124 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
IN-
GELL ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 187, noes 223, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 512] 
AYES—187 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NOES—223 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) 
Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.041 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6251 September 25, 2015 
Farenthold 
Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner 
Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—24 
Amodei 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Buchanan Buck Deutch Heck (NV) Jenkins (WV) 
Jones Joyce Kildee Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar 
Murphy (FL) Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Tsongas Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1128 
Mr. SCHRADER changed his vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. 
The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 229, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 513] 
AYES—179 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy 
McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—26 
Amodei 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Buchanan Buck Deutch Fattah Heck (NV) Huffman 
Jenkins (WV) Jones Kildee Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) 
Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Tiberi Tsongas Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1131 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.027 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6252 September 25, 2015 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 223, noes 186, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 514] 
AYES—223 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—186 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Black Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) 
Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay 
Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy 
Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—25 
Amodei 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Brat Buchanan Buck Deutch Heck (NV) Jenkins (WV) 
Jones Kildee Larson (CT) Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) 
Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Tsongas Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1135 
Mr. RANGEL changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. HILL changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ 
to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. BRAT. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 514 I 
was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 176, noes 232, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 515] 
AYES—176 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.047 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6253 September 25, 2015 
Frelinghuysen 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas 
Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—26 
Amodei 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Buchanan Buck Deutch Fortenberry Heck (NV) Jenkins (WV) 
Jones Kildee Kind Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) 
Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Scott, David Speier Tsongas Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1139 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
OF GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. 
The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 176, noes 232, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 516] 
AYES—176 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Bass Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot 
Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—26 
Amodei 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Clay Deutch Heck (NV) 
Jenkins (WV) Jones Kildee Kind Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar 
Murphy (FL) Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Tsongas Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1142 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
ENHAM ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
BYRNE , Acting Chair of the Committee 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 348) to provide for improved co-ordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of environ-mental documents for permitting de-terminations, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 420, he reported the bill back to the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.030 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6254 September 25, 2015 
with an amendment adopted in the 
Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Ms. KUSTER. I am opposed in its 
current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Kuster moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 348 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
Page 31, line 17, insert after ‘‘112-141).’’ the 
following: 
‘‘(r) P
ROTECTING LOCAL COMMUNITIES , PRI-
VATE PROPERTY RIGHTS AND TRIBAL SOV-
EREIGNTY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section, the provi-sions of this section shall not apply in the case of a project described in paragraph (2), or an environmental document pertaining to such a project. 
‘‘(2) P
ROJECT DESCRIBED .—A project de-
scribed in this paragraph is any project that— 
‘‘(A) affects the safe drinking water supply 
or air quality of local communities that are located near the project; 
‘‘(B) involves condemnation or infringing 
the private property rights of American citi-zens; or 
‘‘(C) affects the health, safety, or sov-
ereignty of Native American tribes. 
‘‘(s) M
AKING ITI N AMERICA AND PROVIDING  
JOBS FOR UNEMPLOYED WORKERS .—Any envi-
ronmental document approved pursuant to this act shall assess whether a construction project— 
‘‘(1) will utilize equipment and materials 
manufactured in the United States; and 
‘‘(2) will result in the hiring of unemployed 
workers, including veterans, who are ac-tively seeking work and for whom unemploy-ment taxes were paid during prior employ-ment.’’. 
Ms. KUSTER (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Hampshire? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from New Hampshire is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, this is 
the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-
mediately proceed to final passage as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, we can all agree on the 
need to ensure that construction projects are completed in a timely and effective manner without the need for unnecessary review or red tape. 
No one can argue that our current 
permitting system is perfect. But the bill before us today is yet another mis-guided Republican attempt to under-mine critical environmental protec-tions that we all rely on. 
This legislation will splinter and un-
necessarily accelerate the permitting process in a way that impairs the abil-ity of agencies to effectively evaluate the impacts of a given project. 
Consequently, the bill will weaken 
the ability of our constituents to un-derstand the impacts of proposed projects and effectively limit their voice in the permitting process. 
This is particularly true for low-in-
come and minority communities that too often are faced with a dispropor-tionate share of pollution and environ-mental contaminants. 
In my home State of New Hampshire, 
we are intimately familiar with the need for strong public input in permit-ting processes. 
As the permitting moves forward on 
different energy infrastructure projects, I have been working aggres-sively to ensure that the views of my constituents are heard. 
I am concerned that the permitting 
process under this legislation will make it more difficult for effective en-vironmental review to move forward in New Hampshire. 
That is why I am offering my amend-
ment today to help provide some addi-tional protections to safeguard human health, the environment, and property rights. 
Specifically, this amendment would 
exempt from the requirements in the bill any project that would negatively affect the drinking water supply or air quality of nearby communities. 
It also ensures that construction 
projects covered under the legislation cannot violate the sovereignty of Na-tive American tribes. 
These provisions would at least en-
sure that we are limiting the most dan-gerous consequences of this legislation. 
Additionally, the amendment re-
quires that any environmental docu-ments produced pursuant to the legis-lation include information about whether a project will use equipment and materials manufactured in the United States and whether it will cre-ate jobs for U.S. workers, including our veterans. 
Like so many of my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle, I have been in-tently focused on what we can do to grow and expand U.S. manufacturing jobs and create good-paying middle- class jobs right here in America and, in particular, as a member of the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee, how we can serve our veterans. The reporting requirement in this 
amendment will help generate greater awareness for how we utilize American- made machinery and products in our construction processes. 
I urge support for my amendment to 
make sure that this bill does not harm the health of our constituents and to take an important step toward job cre-ation and hiring of veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I rise in opposi-
tion to the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, after 
President Obama’s ill-conceived stim-ulus bill failed, he blamed its failure on the lack of shovel-ready construction projects. President Obama was even quoted in the press to have joked about it. ‘‘Shovel-ready was not as shovel- ready as we expected,’’ he said. 
Hard-working Americans desperate 
for jobs didn’t think that was funny. They still don’t. They are watching us right now, wanting to know if we can deliver meaningful reform that will create jobs. Let’s send a message to them today that we can and we will. 
For years now the President’s Jobs 
Council’s recommendation that we streamline the Federal permitting process has been staring the President in the face. 
Just last term President Obama 
stood in this House and promised ac-tion to ‘‘slash bureaucracy and stream-line the permitting process . . . so we can get more construction workers on the job as fast as possible.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, the RAPID Act is pre-
cisely the legislation to do that. It is exactly what our private and public sector leaders have called for. It is what millions of American workers yearning for new work and higher wages need. 
True to form, some of my colleagues 
on the other side of the aisle support this motion to recommit in an attempt to stop this legislation. They can’t yet bring themselves to say, ‘‘Yes, we can’’ to the cutting of bureaucratic red tape and obstruction. 
But this motion to recommit is the 
exact mirror image of everything that is wrong with the Federal permitting process and keeps jobs from the Amer-ican people. 
It is nothing but a fabricated argu-
ment, a procedural device, a tried and true tactic of delay—an excuse for Members of Congress to duck a vote and not make a needed decision that will bring millions of good, high-paying jobs to the people of this country. 
The bill does not require a project to 
be approved, only that an agency time-ly decide whether or not to approve it. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
this motion and vote for the RAPID Act. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, all of us today 
are stunned by the dramatic and coura-geous decision of the Speaker of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.053 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6255 September 25, 2015 
House, J OHNBOEHNER , to retire at the 
end of October. 
We thank him for his tireless work, 
his conservative leadership of the Re-publican Conference for 9 years, his dis-tinguished service as Speaker of the House for nearly 5 years, and for his long service to the people of this great country. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 175, noes 229, not voting 30, as follows: 
[Roll No. 517] 
AYES—175 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—229 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—30 
Amodei 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Buchanan Buck Chu, Judy Deutch Heck (NV) Huelskamp Hultgren 
Jenkins (WV) Jones Kildee Kind Larsen (WA) Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar 
Murphy (FL) Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Stivers Tsongas Wagner Williams b1200 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair, on roll-
call No. 516 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 170, not voting 31, as follows: 
[Roll No. 518] 
AYES—233 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.055 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6256 September 25, 2015 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton 
Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—170 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kirkpatrick 
Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—31 
Amodei Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Brat Buchanan Buck Cole Deutch Griffith Heck (NV) Himes 
Jenkins (WV) Jones Kildee Kind Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) Price, Tom 
Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Shuster Speier Tipton Tsongas Wagner Williams 
b1206 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF 
COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
C
ARTER of Georgia) laid before the 
House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, September 24, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER , I write to request to 
resign my committee assignment on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Due to my appointment on the House Com-mittee on Rules, and my assignment on the Committee on Agriculture and the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, I am unable to effectively serve on four committees. I am grateful for my time on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee and look forward to continue to work with the committee dur-ing the 114th Congress. 
I appreciate your attention to this request. 
Should you have any other questions please contact Carrie Meadows on my staff. 
Sincerely, 
D
ANNEWHOUSE , 
Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the resignation is accepted. 
There was no objection. 
f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO CERTAIN 
STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, by direction 
of the House Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 442 
Resolved, That the following named Mem-
ber be, and is hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: 
C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES : Mr. 
LaHood. 
COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECH-
NOLOGY : Mr. LaHood. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 25, 2015, TO MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 2015 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that when the House ad-journs today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, September 28, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. 
f 
NATIONAL SUICIDE PREVENTION 
MONTH 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize September as National Suicide Prevention Month. This month is especially important to think about what needs to be done to help our at- risk veterans. 
From 1990 to 2010, a veteran com-
mitted suicide almost every hour of every day. This is completely unac-ceptable and signifies a clear need for action to prevent suicide and to treat those who are suffering. 
Veterans have risked their lives and 
sacrificed tremendously for our Nation. But the disturbing reality is that far too many of our veterans who fought for our freedom are not free when they return. They are trapped in their own minds. 
We cannot afford to be bystanders 
any longer. Mr. Speaker, it is past time we stand by our veterans and everyone else who is suffering. It is incumbent upon all of us to reach out to those who may need help and erase the stigma surrounding mental illness. 
Together, with an increased focus on 
the very real, invisible wounds of war, we can better serve our returning he-roes. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BILL LOCKYER 
(Mr. SWALWELL of California asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise to recognize Bill Lockyer of Hayward, California, who, tomorrow, will have part of the San Francisco Bay Trail named for him. 
Bill, who went to college and started 
his political career in the East Bay, is a dedicated public official who spent many years working for the people of California. This includes service in the State legislature as State attorney general and as State treasurer. 
Among his many successes was his 
work to protect our environment, a highlight of which is championing the San Francisco Bay Trail. He came up with the idea for the trail, introduced the legislation, and got support from both Republicans and Democrats. 
It has been 28 years since Bill’s idea 
became law and, thanks to his efforts, we have 340 miles of trail around the bay. It provides opportunities for recre-ation, education, and transportation for area residents every day. 
When finished, 500 miles of trails will 
surround and connect people around the San Francisco Bay area. It is a wonderful gift to future generations. 
At a ceremony tomorrow, a portion 
of the trail will be named for Bill. This is a fitting tribute to a tremendous public servant and one without whom we wouldn’t have had this tremendous trail. 
Congratulations, Bill, on this well- 
deserved honor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:01 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.038 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6257 September 25, 2015 
CENTRE COUNTY YOUTH SERVICE 
BUREAU 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, a few weeks ago, I was proud to announce grant funding for the Centre County Youth Services Bu-reau, an organization in my district which operates an emergency shelter, assisting youth, ages 12–17, who are homeless, runaways, or at risk for ei-ther of these conditions due to difficult circumstances at home. This grant funding allowed the shelter to continue to operate 24 hours a day, providing a safe haven for these young men and women. 
The shelter is just one of my initia-
tives that the Centre County Youth Services Bureau is responsible for. The organization, which was founded in 1968, also is involved in a variety of community-based, family-based, and residential programs intended to im-prove the lives of families across Cen-tre County and the surrounding area. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend the Youth 
Services Bureau and all the staff in taking the initiative to apply for this grant funding, and I know that they are going to be able to see the results of this award for years to come. 
f 
SAVE UKRAINE NOW 
(Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
inform my colleagues and those who are listening of a very important con-ference that is occurring here in the Capitol today in the Capitol Visitor Center, a convening of nearly 500 Americans and those of Ukrainian American and Ukrainian heritage who are meeting to save Ukraine now. 
They are mobilizing humanitarian 
endeavors across our country to ship medical equipment, to ship used cloth-ing, used shoes, mattresses, tents, to deal with the 1.7 million children who have been left homeless, and over 5 million refugees who have been af-fected by the brutal Russian invasion on Russia’s western side and Ukraine’s eastern side, as Russia has killed over 6,000 innocent Ukrainians and thou-sands have been injured. 
A cold winter is approaching in 
Ukraine. Many families are now eating more and more potatoes, lacking suffi-cient sustenance, and there are so many children that have been dis-placed. 
I am here saying, for those who are 
listening, go to the Web site of the U.S. Ukraine Foundation. Learn what is being done. If you can help in your communities to ship goods through your National Guard, this is the time for freedom fighters across our country to lend humanitarian aid to Ukraine. b1215 
ANOTHER TERRORIST GETS A 
‘‘GET OUT OF JAIL’’ FREE CARD 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, an-
other GTMO terrorist has been released back into the world by this administra-tion. Abdul Shalabi, a bodyguard for Osama bin Laden, is now a free man thanks to our government. 
But this isn’t the first time known 
terrorists have been freed. There is the notorious Taliban Five; and at least one of these terrorist prisoners has al-legedly started communicating with his old terrorist buddies in the Middle East. No surprise there; once a ter-rorist, always a terrorist. 
Do we think that after years in pris-
on these terrorists will somehow change their mind and not be a threat to America? 
One report even claimed that Shalabi 
may have been considered one of the 9/ 11 attackers. Isn’t that lovely. 
The administration has its priorities 
backwards. The administration should be working just as hard to free the four Americans trapped in the jaws of terror in Iran as it is freeing known terrorists who will return to their old ways of mischief. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
NATIONAL HISTORICALLY BLACK 
COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES WEEK 
(Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in recognition of National Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities Week. 
More than 70 percent of students en-
rolled in HBCUs are low income, and more than half are first-generation col-lege students. Arkansas’ Fourth Con-gressional District is home to one of the Nation’s premier HBCUs, the Uni-versity of Arkansas at Pine Bluff. 
While many students attending His-
torically Black Colleges and Univer-sities like UAPB are standout stu-dents, a select few have risen to the top. Among them is Sidney Smith, a student from UAPB who was recently named an HBCU All-Star by the White House. 
I congratulate Sidney and tip my hat 
to all HBCUs for the work they are doing in communities across America. You are giving generations of young people a brighter future and are help-ing them to make America what they dream it to be. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR FIDU-
CIARY RULE HURTS FAMILIES 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, having 
access to sound financial advice can make a big difference in the lives of Americans. It is about planning ahead and taking action to set money aside and invest so families can buy a home, send their children to college, and save up for retirement. However, a proposed rule by the Department of Labor threatens access for millions of hard-working Americans that seek financial advice. 
While well-intentioned, in reality, 
the proposed fiduciary rule will present operational challenges and force those who give financial advice to work under conflicting rules from two sepa-rate regulatory agencies. Unfortu-nately, those that will be most harmed from this rule will be families of mod-
est means. 
Mr. Speaker, I have worked on this 
issue for years, and I continue to hear from Minnesotans sounding the alarm for what this will mean for those who are planning for their future. 
I urge the Department of Labor to re-
consider this rule or to delay it until we can find a more commonsense alter-native. 
f 
YAKIMA UNION GOSPEL MISSION 
(Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the Yakima Union Gospel Mission for 79 years of unwaver-ing support and dedication to those in need in the Yakima Valley. 
The Union Gospel Mission ensures 
that individual needs are met, helping to provide between 400 and 600 meals a day, free clothing and household goods, free medical care, and dental care that can be paid for based on a sliding mon-etary scale or through hours worked at the mission. 
The mission offers long-term residen-
tial addiction recovery treatment pro-grams for men and women and focuses on skill development through the pro-vision of job training opportunities at the mission’s catering, retail, and recy-cling centers. In 2014 alone, the Union Gospel Mission helped over 1,200 of its 1,400 clients find work and permanent housing. 
Additionally, the Union Gospel Mis-
sion operates the Madison House Youth Center, providing year-round tutoring, college preparation, meals, and activi-ties for high-risk, inner-city youth. 
Please join me in thanking the Yak-
ima Union Gospel Mission for its unre-lenting commitment to serving our community. 
f 
HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH 
(Mr. HARDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, last week 
marked the beginning of Hispanic Her-itage Month, a time when all of us can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.063 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6258 September 25, 2015 
take a moment and recognize the tre-
mendous contributions of Hispanic Americans who have made our commu-nities a great country. 
Mr. Speaker, I have the privilege of 
representing one of the most diverse congressional districts in the country. Our diversity has always been our strength, and Hispanic Americans are sewn into the very fabric of what makes our slice of Nevada special. 
To honor the history, culture, and 
contributions of Latinos to the United States, I am pleased to join my col-league from California, Congressman T
ONY CA´RDENAS , as the original co-
sponsor of his resolution recognizing Hispanic Heritage Month. 
So, whether it is the innovative en-
trepreneurs who are starting busi-nesses and creating jobs, the ambitious students studying to become tomor-row’s leaders, or the brave men and women who serve our country in uni-form, the story of Hispanic Americans is the story of all Americans. 
f 
GREATEST COMMON GOOD 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
Members will leave this week behind physically but not mentally and not without a sense of joy and, certainly, questions. Many things have happened this week, and more will come in terms of further explanations about our lead-ership and about our direction, but one thing we know that occurred is a mighty statement of balanced injus-tice. I will paraphrase the words of Pope Francis, when he said to us that politics requires more than divisive-ness; and he said ‘‘the greatest com-mon good: that of a community which sacrifices particular interests in order to share, in justice and peace, its goods, its interests, its social life’’—an instruction on the goodness of our Members, no matter what their party. 
So in these next couple of weeks, I 
would ask that we look collectively to-gether about working to pass a budget that is fair and just and that helps the needy: comprehensive immigration re-form, helping the homeless, and help-ing veterans who have suffered, Mr. Speaker, some hundreds of thousands who died waiting for hospital services. 
I think we can do better. Get rid of 
sequester. Pass a budget for America. 
f 
CONGRATULATING GENERAL MAR-
TIN DEMPSEY ON HIS RETIRE-MENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, 
after 41 years in uniform, General Mar-tin Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the highest- 
ranking military officer in the land, re-tires today. 
More than once this year, we on the 
Armed Services Committee have ex-pressed our gratitude for his service and bid General Dempsey farewell as he testified before our committee for what we expected would be his final hearing; but, time and time again, world events brought him back to us. 
That underscores what a consequen-
tial job General Dempsey has had. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff is the senior military adviser to both the legislative and executive branches of government. I am personally very grateful for his willingness to spend time, formally and informally, with members of our committee discussing our country’s security, providing his best military advice on an unprece-dented spectrum of serious and diverse threats during an era of declining re-sources and when Congress and the President have very different views on national security policy. All of that has been a tremendous challenge. 
In his four decades of dedicated serv-
ice, General Dempsey has led our forces against threats far different from those we faced when he left his native New Jersey to become a West Point cadet. Instead of Soviets in the Fulda Gap, General Dempsey has had to confront a newly aggressive Russia, an expanding China, Iranian-backed instability in the Middle East, as well as ISIS and al Qaeda. 
And those are just some of the 
threats we can see. General Dempsey has also had to face increasing cyber attacks on our military and our coun-try, the threat posed by diseases like Ebola in an increasingly mobile world, and a tremendous amount of change within the military, itself. 
In honoring him and his service, we 
also honor, through him, those who have served under him. To meet the challenges that the United States faces around the world and to meet our sa-cred obligations to our servicemembers and their families requires a commit-ment to service and sacrifice that sepa-rates America from the rest of the world and separates those who serve in the military from much of our own population. It takes something special. 
For having that ‘‘something special’’ 
and for serving our Nation with honor and distinction for 41 years, I know I speak for my colleagues in thanking General Martin Dempsey and his wife, Deanie, for their service to our country as they move into the next phase of their life together. 
Mr. Speaker, I will now extend my 
remarks with further discussion of the career of General Martin Dempsey. 
General Dempsey’s career has been a les-
son in dedication to country and selfless serv-ice. 
A career armor officer, he has commanded 
at every level—from Platoon Leader to Com-batant Commander—and his assignments have carried him and his family across the United States and around the world. As a company grade officer, he served with 
the 2nd Cavalry in Europe and the 10th Cav-alry at Fort Carson. Following troop command, he earned his Masters of Arts in English from Duke University and was assigned to the English Department at West Point. He subse-quently earned additional advanced degrees from the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College and the National War College. 
In 1991, General Dempsey deployed with 
the Third Armored Division in support of Oper-ation Desert Storm. He later commanded a battalion in Germany and then served as the Army’s ‘‘senior scout’’ as the 67th Colonel of the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment—the Brave Rifles—before reporting to the Joint Staff as an assistant deputy director in the J– 5 and later as a Special Assistant to the 14th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
In 2003, General Dempsey commanded the 
1st Armored Division in Baghdad and returned to Iraq in 2005 as the Commanding General of the Multi-National Security Transition Com-mand—Iraq. From 2007 to 2008, he was the Deputy Commander and then Acting Com-mander of U.S. Central Command, and from 2008 to 2011, he commanded U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command. 
Appointed to serve as the Army’s 37th Chief 
of Staff, General Dempsey led his beloved Army a short 149 days before being tapped to serve as the 18th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. In that capacity, and as the Nation’s highest-ranking military officer, he has served as the principal military advisor to the Presi-dent, the Secretary of Defense, the National Security Council, and Congress. 
General Dempsey’s job has required him to 
coordinate and build consensus among the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Staff, the Services, and the Combatant Com-mands. He has also developed important rela-tionships with military leaders in other nations. 
He has guided the Joint Force in executing 
an extraordinary range of global responsibil-ities, from counter-terrorism and crisis re-sponse, to supporting our allies, building part-ner capacity, and humanitarian assistance. His efforts to strengthen key alliances, bolster new partnerships, and more closely integrate the military with other tools of national power and influence are commendable. 
General Dempsey’s tenure as Chairman has 
been marked by significant transitions in mili-tary operations and personnel in an increas-ingly dynamic and unpredictable security envi-ronment. 
A firm believer in constantly learning and 
growing, General Dempsey guided the Joint Force to study, learn, and incorporate lessons learned over the past 14 years. In addition, recognizing the shifting nature of the security environment and our ability to respond to it, General Dempsey led a paradigm shift in how we posture and employ this Joint team around the world. 
At the same time, the past few years have 
witnessed exponential growth of the cyber threat against our Nation, and General Dempsey has pushed the expansion of our cyber capabilities in response. He has cham-pioned the rapid development of our cyber forces, and implemented the Joint Information Environment to optimize and better defend our military’s information technology infrastructure. These initiatives will be critical to the future security of our Nation. 
As principle steward of the military profes-
sion, he renewed an internal commitment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.065 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6259 September 25, 2015 
strengthen the Profession of Arms and reinvig-
orated education, training, and leader develop-ment. He managed historic decisions, includ-ing reforms to General and Flag Officer ethics, and Department-wide improvements in Sexual Assault Prevention and Response. His stew-ardship set conditions to preserve the strength of the all-volunteer force and to ensure service members departing the military successfully transition back into their communities. 
As he retires, General Dempsey should take 
great pride in his role in ensuring our military remains the best supported, best trained, best equipped, and best led force on the planet. 
With over four decades of dedicated service 
to our Nation, General Dempsey and his fam-ily deserve our most heartfelt gratitude and admiration. He and Deanie have our very best wishes for the next phase and the challenges and opportunities it will inevitably bring. Our Nation, our Joint Force, and our Army are all better for his leadership and distinguished service. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. B ARLETTA (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of at-
tending a funeral. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 12 o’clock and 26 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Sep-tember 28, 2015, at noon for morning- hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2949. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s affirmation of interim rule as final rule — Marketing Order Regulating the Handling of Spearmint Oil Produced in the Far West; Revision of the Salable Quantity and Allotment Percentage for Class 3 (Na-tive) Spearmint Oil for the 2014-2015 Mar-keting Year [Doc. No.: AMS-FV-13-0087; FV14-985-1C FIR] received September 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
2950. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-fice of the General Counsel, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmit-ting the Department’s interim rule — Streamlining Administrative Regulations for Public Housing: Revisions to Public Housing Flat Rents [Docket No.: FR 5743-I- 02] (RIN: 2577-AC94) received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
2951. A letter from the Acting PRAO 
Branch Chief, Supplemental Nutrition As-sistance Program, Food and Nutrition Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Clarification 
of Eligibility of Fleeing Felons (RIN: 0584- AE01) received September 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
2952. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of the General Coun-sel, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medical, Physical Readiness, Training, and Access Authoriza-tion Standards for Protective Force Per-sonnel (RIN: 1992-AA40) received September 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2953. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Acute Uranium Exposure Stand-ards for Workers (FSCE Interim Staff Guid-ance ISG-14, Revision 0) received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2954. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-095; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2955. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-095; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2956. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Secs. 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-022; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2957. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Secs. 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-091; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2958. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Secs. 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-051; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2959. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Federal Employees Health Benefits Program Self Plus One En-rollment Type (RIN: 3206-AN08) received Sep-tember 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2960. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a letter and relevant docu-mentation concerning the implementation of commitments in the Joint Plan of Action, pursuant to the Iran Freedom and Counter- Proliferation Act of 2012, the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996, and Sec. 1245 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Af-fairs, Financial Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 702. A bill to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions; with an amendment (Rept. 114–267 Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 702 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ (for herself, Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS of California, and 
Mr. S ERRANO ): 
H.R. 3610. A bill to amend the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 to terminate the ex-emption of companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other pos-session of the United States; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. FINCHER (for himself, Mr. 
K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. C OSTELLO  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ICA, and Mr. 
CRAWFORD ): 
H.R. 3611. A bill to reauthorize and reform 
the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CUELLAR (for himself, Mr. 
D
OGGETT , Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. 
CASTRO of Texas, and Mr. S MITH of 
Texas): 
H.R. 3612. A bill making emergency appro-
priations for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, to address needs of the Fed-eral judiciary serving the border region be-tween the United States and Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appro-priations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself and 
Mr. H
UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 3613. A bill to amend title 40, United 
States Code, to provide certain purchasing authority for recipients or subrecipients of grants under chapter 53 of title 49 of such Code, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself and Mr. 
R
YANof Wisconsin): 
H.R. 3614. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GUINTA: 
H.R. 3615. A bill to delay enforcement and 
establishment of certain water quality standards within the Great Bay Estuary, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. FORBES: 
H.R. 3616. A bill to appropriate such funds 
as may be necessary to ensure that members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.041 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6260 September 25, 2015 
of the Armed Forces, including reserve com-
ponents thereof, and supporting civilian and contractor personnel continue to receive pay and allowances for active service performed when a funding gap caused by the failure to enact interim or full-year appropriations for the Armed Forces occurs, which results in the furlough of non-emergency personnel and the curtailment of Government activities and services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 3617. A bill to improve efficiency by 
consolidating some duplicative and overlap-ping Government programs; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Mr. P
AS-
CRELL , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. T IBERI , and Mr. H OLDING ): 
H.R. 3618. A bill to clarify the exclusion of 
orphan drug sales from the calculation of the annual fee on branded prescription pharma-ceutical manufacturers and importers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3619. A bill to redesignate Rock Creek 
Park in the District of Columbia as Rock Creek National Park; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H. Res. 441. A resolution amending the 
Rules of the House of Representatives to re-quire Members to post on their official pub-lic websites information on official travel taken by the Member for which reimburse-ment was provided by a private source; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Ms. FOXX: 
H. Res. 442. A resolution electing a Member 
to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
By Ms. ESTY (for herself, Mr. G
IBSON , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mrs. M IMI 
WALTERS of California): 
H. Res. 443. A resolution commending the 
Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs for their joint campaign to raise awareness during September, Suicide Prevention Month, to reduce suicide among members of the United States Armed Forces and vet-erans; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
139. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the Legislature of the State of South Da-kota, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 1001, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the States to pro-pose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ: 
H.R. 3610. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. FINCHER: 
H.R. 3611. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII 
By Mr. CUELLAR: 
H.R. 3612. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constititional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. . .’’ Together, these specific con-stitutional provisions establish the congres-sional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-mine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and con-ditions governing their use. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 3613. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. SHUSTER: 
H.R. 3614. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18. 
By Mr. GUINTA: 
H.R. 3615. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section VIII Clause XVIII, The 
Necessary amd Proper Clause: The Congress shall have power . . . to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all powers vested by this constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. FORBES: 
H.R. 3616. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7, and Article 1, 
Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 3617. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Consitution gives Congress the authority to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. LANCE: 
H.R. 3618. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 1, of the United 
States Constitution 
This states that ‘‘Congress shall have 
power to . . . lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3619. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 2 of section 3 of article IV of the 
Constitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 213: Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 304: Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 379: Mr. T IBERI and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 556: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 600: Mr. S CHRADER and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 616: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 619: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 676: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 756: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 771: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
of Illinois, and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 816: Mr. Y OHO, Mrs. R OBY, Mr. Y OUNG  
of Alaska, and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 836: Mr. W ALBERG , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 850: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 879: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 915: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1019: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 1057: Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 1186: Mr. C UELLAR . 
H.R. 1220: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 1258: Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 1388: Mr. C OFFMAN and Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama. 
H.R. 1537: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 1550: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan and 
Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 1559: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. L IPINSKI and Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 1652: Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 1670: Mr. P ALLONE and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1706: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1737: Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 1752: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. R IGELL and Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 1902: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1941: Mr. B UCHANAN . 
H.R. 2026: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 2061: Mr. W EBER of Texas and Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS of California. 
H.R. 2114: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2142: Mr. T HOMPSON of California and 
Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2173: Mr. H OYER . 
H.R. 2197: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. L EE, Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. R USH, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2217: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2293: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
PAULSEN , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. W ITT-
MAN. 
H.R. 2314: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2405: Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 2411: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25SE7.100 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6261 September 25, 2015 
H.R. 2494: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 2500: Mr. P ETERS on and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2530: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2536: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2546: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2657: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 2728: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2732: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2739: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, 
Mr. T IBERI , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and 
Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 2747: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2811: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2817: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H.R. 2847: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 2901: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
LUCAS . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 2962: Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , and Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 3033: Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 3119: Mr. K ING of New York, Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, 
Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. H ANNA . H.R. 3187: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 3190: Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 3193: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 3220: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 3303: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 3304: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 3308: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 3318: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 3370: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 3381: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3410: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 3455: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3457: Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 3477: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 3490: Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 3495: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. 
WEBER of Texas. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. H URDof Texas. 
H.R. 3520: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 3531: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia, Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. 
JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-
zona, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. G OSAR , Mrs. M CMOR-
RISRODGERS , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. 
LUCAS . 
H.R. 3573: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 3578: Mr. M CCAUL. 
H.R. 3596: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H. J. Res. 50: Mr. O LSON . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. L OUDERMILK . 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. Y OHO, Mr. W ITTMAN , 
Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, and 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H. Res. 145: Mr. P OCAN . 
H. Res. 294: Ms. K USTER and Mr. R OKITA . 
H. Res. 318: Mr. M OULTON . 
H. Res. 343: Mr. W EBER of Texas and Mr. 
MEEHAN . 
H. Res. 346: Mr. O LSON . 
H. Res. 413: Mr. R USH. 
H. Res. 436: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. P OCAN . 
H. Res. 437: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H. Res. 438: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.015 H25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6951 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 2015 No. 139 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. O God, our mighty fortress, the 
source of all that is good, hallowed be Your Name. Lord, empower Your Sen-ators to accomplish Your good in our world, leading them on the path of hu-mility. Give them courage to live their faith so that people will see their posi-tive contributions and glorify Your Name. Enable our lawmakers to re-spect and love each other uncondition-ally, even as You have so loved us. May they set apart sacred time to be with You. 
Thank You for the gifts of life, love, 
and laughter that You provide us throughout life’s seasons. Lord, fill all our hearts to overflowing with Your transformative love. 
We pray in Your loving Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C AS-
SIDY). Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN BOEHNER 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
grace under pressure; country and in-stitution before self. These are the things that come to mind when I think of J
OHNBOEHNER . He is an ally, he is a 
friend, and he took over as Republican leader at a very difficult time for his party. 
When some said Republicans could 
never recover, he never gave up. When some gave into defeatism, he kept up the fight. And because he did, Speaker B
OEHNER was able to transform a bro-
ken and dispirited Republican minority into the largest Republican majority since the 1920s. That is a legacy few can match. 
He flew across the country more 
times than he can count to support Members of his conference and to re-cruit new Members to the cause. As the leader of a new majority, he turned the tide in Congress and brought conserv-ative reform in many areas. He worked tirelessly to provide hope to those who dreamed of a better life and to middle- class families who struggled under the weight of this administration. 
J
OHNknows what it is like to strug-
gle and to dream of something better. He has lived it. That a young man from Reading, OH, wielding a bar towel could one day wield the gavel of the U.S. House of Representatives reminds us of the continuing promise of this country. 
We all know yesterday was an incred-
ibly important event for the Speaker. It was his aim to bring the same spirit of grace to others that has always guided his life. One only had to look out onto the Capitol lawn to see what 
he achieved. And that he chose this moment to make this decision means he is willing to leave us in a similar spirit. 
I know we will all have more to say 
then. But for now, thank you, my friend. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN BOEHNER 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I, like most 
of America, was stunned this morning to learn that J
OHNBOEHNER is going to 
resign in the next few weeks. I have had a relationship with J
OHNBOEHNER  
for a long time. His becoming Speaker, of course, made those relations much more close. 
I have not always agreed, and I 
wasn’t always happy with what J
OHN 
told me, but he never ever misled me. He never told me something that wasn’t true, and I accepted that. I got to where I understood J
OHN BOEHNER  
very well. His word was always good. 
JOHNand I had a lot of dealings—so- 
called back-channel meetings. Every-one knows that a lot of things we do are not in the public eye. And certainly some things we worked on together perhaps wouldn’t have worked out very well in the public eye, but there were things we had to do to get things done. 
I had a very good relationship with 
J
OHNBOEHNER . My staff got along with 
his. He has had two chiefs of staff and they have both been terrific to work with. My staff has reached out to them on so many occasions in very difficult times, and they had a good relation-ship. 
I have no doubt that everything J
OHN 
BOEHNER has done has been done with 
the fact in mind that he was doing his best for the people of his district in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.000 S25SEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6952 September 25, 2015 
Ohio and for our country. He had a 
very difficult job. 
I know the Presiding Officer served 
under J OHNBOEHNER and so he knows 
what a tough job he had. He had this faction, that faction, another faction, and a couple more. But ousting a man like J
OHN BOEHNER —a good man like 
JOHNBOEHNER . JOHNBOEHNER is a con-
servative Republican, but his problem is that J
OHN BOEHNER has been prag-
matic. He has realized there comes a time when you have to make a deal. 
I say to the Presiding Officer and ev-
eryone within the sound of my voice, although I didn’t know General Eisen-hower, President Eisenhower—never met him, never saw him—but I was here when Ronald Reagan was Presi-dent and he had conservative creden-tials. Ronald Reagan was somebody who understood the art of compromise. Who else could have worked out some-thing with the Soviet Union? I am not sure there is anybody, but Ronald Reagan was able to do that. 
I am so concerned. I am seeing the 
Republican Party—not the party of Dwight Eisenhower, as I have studied him, or the man Ronald Reagan as I knew him. I just think it is very, very sad the Tea Party Caucus the Repub-lican leaders have embraced to win in 2010, I guess, now have taken over con-
trol of the party. 
To say I will miss J
OHNBOEHNER is a 
tremendous understatement. I looked out for him in ways I could, and he looked out for me in the ways he could. I will always consider J
OHN BOEHNER  
my friend, and I look forward to work-ing with him until he leaves. I under-stand it is going to be in late October, but I will continue to work with him, as I have in the past, to do what I think is the right thing for the coun-try, as I am confident he will. Hope-fully, we will continue someplace in the middle to get things done. I have gotten things done with J
OHNBOEHNER  
that I wasn’t happy with, and he wasn’t happy with what we had to come up with, but sometimes you do the best you can. 
I wish J
OHNBOEHNER the very best in 
the future. Whatever I can do to make his life more pleasant, I will be happy to do that. Whether it is setting up a golf game for him in Las Vegas or help-ing in some government matter, I will do whatever I can because J
OHNBOEH-
NER, as far as I am concerned, is a good 
man, and it is a gross underestimate to say I will miss him. I will. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with 
Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
f 
UNITED STATES-CHINA RELATIONS 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I rise 
this afternoon to say a few words about a critical challenge and opportunity facing the United States. For months many of us have been on the floor de-bating some of the important foreign policy and national security issues that our Nation faces—whether it is Is-lamic terrorism, ISIS, the President’s flawed and dangerous Iran agreement or a resurgent Russia in Europe and the Arctic. The list of these issues is long, and it is growing. But one issue that has not really gotten much atten-tion—I believe the attention that it de-serves—and that I would like to speak about this afternoon is the long-term national security and foreign policy consequences of the rise of China. 
China’s President Xi Jinping is in 
town right now. He is visiting America. He is going to meet with President Obama on a state visit, and some of us in Congress will have an opportunity to meet with him later today. It is an op-portunity to start seriously thinking about the challenges and opportunities that a rising China presents to the world and to the United States. 
Perhaps we are not talking about 
this issue as much as we should on the floor because it doesn’t seem to be an immediate issue. It is a bit of a longer term matter. But it is also something that in historical terms is happening so fast. I will give one statistic. 
In 1980 China’s economy was smaller 
than that of the Netherlands. Last year, just the incremental growth of China’s economy was as large as the Netherlands’ economy. They have had incredible growth. But some of our country’s most deep and strategic thinkers and historians agree that the rise of China is—over the next decade or two—the paramount issue for us to focus on in the United States. 
As far back as 2005, 10 years ago al-
most to the day, then-Deputy Sec-retary of State Bob Zellick, who went on to be the president of the World Bank and a former U.S. Trade Rep-resentative for the United States, a very strategic thinker, gave what was called the ‘‘responsible stakeholders’’ speech, a very well-renowned speech that people are still reading on U.S.- 
China relations. 
In that speech 10 years ago, he said: 
‘‘How the United States deals with Chi-na’s rising power is a central question in American foreign policy.’’ 
Just a few months ago in testimony 
before the Armed Services Committee, Harvard Professor Graham Allison gave testimony that in many ways is reflected in an article he just published in the Atlantic yesterday on the eve of the visit of the President of China. He states in that article and in his testi-mony from a couple of months ago: 
The preeminent geostrategic challenge of 
this era is not violent Islamic extremists, or a resurgent Russia. It is the impact that Chi-
na’s ascendance will have on the U.S.-led na-tional order. 
More specifically, Professor Allison 
writes that ‘‘the defining question about global order for this generation is whether China and the United States can escape’’—what he refers to as ‘‘the Thucydides trap.’’ 
He is referencing the renowned an-
cient Greek historian. 
Professor Allison coined this term to 
describe the strategic dilemma and dangers that occur when a rising power rivals a ruling power, as when—an ex-ample he gives in ancient Greece—Ath-ens challenged Sparta in ancient Greece which ultimately led to the Peloponnesian War. 
Professor Allison has caught the at-
tention of many, including President Xi Jinping of China, who in a speech just a few days ago in Seattle actually referenced this term—the ‘‘Thucydides trap’’—when talking about U.S.-China relations. Now, both Professor Allison and President Xi, in his speech, make it clear that conflict between the United States and China is certainly not inevitable, regardless of what he says with regard to the Thucydides trap, and I certainly would agree with that. Professor Allison, however, does appear to draw some very sobering con-clusions in his recent article that should make all of us take serious pause. He concludes in his article writ-ten yesterday: ‘‘War between the U.S. and China is more likely than recog-nized at the moment.’’ These are his words, not mine. This is one of the most distinguished professors of inter-national relations in the United States. 
I think these words underscore the 
need for those of us in the Senate to give due attention to the importance of the U.S.-China relationship and the at-tendant risks of Graham Allison’s Thucydides trap. 
Fortunately, I believe we are well-po-
sitioned as an institution in the Senate to do this. In the Federalist Papers, Madison talks about one of the roles of the U.S. Senate with its Members hav-ing 6-year terms to be able to ensure lasting relations between the United States and other nations through the institution of the Senate. Perhaps more than any other part of the Fed-eral Government, this institution has the opportunity to think strategically and act for the long-term interests of our country. 
Fortunately, we also have many ex-
perts, historians, professors, and prac-titioners, whether it is people such as Bob Zoellick or Graham Allison or Henry Kissinger or a new generation of scholars, such as Mike Green at CSIS, who have been thinking about these issues—the Asia-Pacific, the rise in China—for decades. Their articles, books, and speeches are critical to de-vising national strategies to advance America’s interests in the region. 
This is a long-term endeavor for all 
of us. It is imperative that it remains on our radar screens through the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.004 S25SEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6953 September 25, 2015 
course of State visits, through the 
course of elections, through the course of changing administrations. Contrary to what some say, we as a country do have the capacity to think and act in our long-term strategic interests as a government. 
Our successful bipartisan strategy 
dealing with the Soviet Union, started by Kennan’s famous ‘‘X’’ telegram, which created the strategy of contain-ment over the course of decades, over the course of several administrations and several different Congresses—it was a successful long-term strategy for the United States. 
From my perspective, as we look at 
this issue—the Asia-Pacific—its impor-tance—the rise of China—I think a few key touchstones are important to re-member. First, America is an Asia-Pa-cific power. My State of Alaska is an Asia-Pacific State. The United States has strong networks of alliances throughout the Asia-Pacific, and our country has built the post-World War II architecture that has enabled this dynamic region of the world to thrive in terms of peace and in terms of pros-perity. In fact, when we look at the last 70 years of history in that region, we have been the linchpin of that peace and prosperity for all countries in the region, whether our strongest allies such as Japan and Korea and Australia or other countries—countries even like China—and we have earned the trust of our allies for our commitment. So we need to maintain that trust as we move forward and we need to listen to our al-lies in the region. 
Second, we need to understand the 
history of the region and our involve-ment there better as we think through what the strategy is moving forward. I have had the opportunity to go to the National Archives a number of times already since I joined the Senate, and there is a statue outside the National Archives and it has a command on it. It says simply: ‘‘Study the past.’’ Study the past. Again, I think that as we are looking at our strategy in that region, it is critical that we need to be doing that. Professor Allison’s article, as well as books, is a good start, and I think all of us need to continue that focus. 
Third, no matter what strategy we 
end up using vis-a-vis China and the Asia-Pacific region, we have to be strong again at home. My biggest sur-prise as a new freshman Senator—my biggest surprise in this body is how lit-tle we, or certainly for that matter the Obama administration, talk about our economy, talk about the strength or the lack thereof of our economy. Per-haps because the performance of our economy has been so lackluster, we have even doubled down expectations. 
They have this term now in Wash-
ington called ‘‘the new normal.’’ Amer-ican growth rates have typically been at 3, 3.5, 4 percent GDP growth throughout most of our history. Over the last 6 years, we can barely break 2 percent GDP growth; 1.5, 2 percent. Two quarters ago, we went back into 
recession. They are now calling this the new normal and we need to accept this. We rarely hear the President or even the Treasury Secretary come out to the American people and say: No, we have to grow traditional levels of American growth—3.5, 5 percent, 4 per-cent GDP growth. The Presiding Offi-cer knows this. He has focused on this 
issue. We are not doing that. We have to get back to strength at home be-cause a continued weak U.S. econ-omy—the new normal—growing at 1.5 percent for the next 5, 10 years will cre-ate all kinds of additional challenges for us and in my view will make the Thucydides trap that Professor Allison talks about more likely for the United States and China. 
Yes, China has certain advantages, 
but in so many areas—in so many areas—the United States holds all the cards—in so many different areas. If we were in a global poker match and we were all at the table—all the big coun-tries—we would look at our hand and we would see aces. Let me just name a few. 
The high-tech sector, still the envy 
of the world; not just Silicon Valley, all over America. 
Our agriculture sector. We feed the 
world. 
Universities. We have the best uni-
versities in the world, by far—by far. Certain States in America have better top universities than all of China. 
Finance and commercial aspects of 
our economy, the best entrepreneurs. 
Energy. We have a renaissance in en-
ergy where we are now the largest pro-ducer of oil and gas in the world and the largest producer of renewables. This is a huge advantage. It is creating a rebirth of manufacturing in America. 
Fisheries. We harvest some of the 
most amazing seafood, more than al-most any other country in the world. 
Foreign relations. We look at our al-
lies in Asia, they are coming to the United States in terms of wanting to deepen their relationship with us. 
And, of course, the U.S. military, the 
finest in the world right now. It is right now. I had the opportunity to go down to the World War II Memorial this morning and I saw a couple of Honor Flights coming in, seeing those veterans of ours who fought and de-fended this great Nation in World War II. We have had the best military for 
decades, and we are going to continue to do that. 
The key is we have to unleash our 
economic might once again, which has been so dormant during the Obama ad-ministration. We have to do this. If we do this, we can view the rise of China from a standpoint of strength, con-fidence, and opportunity, not trepi-dation. 
As Bob Zoellick mentioned 10 years 
ago in his ‘‘Responsible Stakeholders’’ speech: ‘‘You hear voices that perceive China solely through the lens of fear, but America succeeds when we look to the future as an opportunity, not when we fear what the future might bring.’’ I have had the opportunity to view 
the U.S.-China relationship from a va-riety of lenses, including economic, diplomatic, and even to some degree military. I previously served as the commissioner of natural resources and energy in Alaska and was able to take a trip over there with some Alaskans to look at ways to deepen our eco-nomic, trade, and energy relationship between my State and China and have them visit Alaska and participate in those meetings. I served in terms of di-plomacy as an assistant secretary of state and have had numerous opportu-nities to travel to China with some of our top U.S. Government leaders—at the time Bob Zoellick, Secretary of the Treasury Paulson, and Secretary of State Rice—to discuss ways in which to deepen economic relationships and work on the U.S.-China relationship. 
Even many years ago as a U.S. ma-
rine aboard an amphibious assault ship in the East and South China Sea dur-ing the third Taiwan Strait crisis, I was a very, very, very small player in an episode that once again dem-onstrated American resolve and com-mitment in the region. 
There is a long tradition from Alaska 
Senators in keeping a focus on the im-portance of the Asia-Pacific, from both the Alaska and the U.S. perspective. 
Former Senator Ted Stevens served 
in World War II as a Flying Tiger, fly-ing the Hump in that part of the world, and his subsequent focus throughout his career was very much on the Asia- Pacific, as was Frank Murkowski’s ex-pertise and experience, particularly with regard to our relationship with Taiwan. 
The focus on the Asia-Pacific and the 
rise of China is certainly one that in many ways we can view as an oppor-tunity, certainly in my State. Last year, China became the No. 1 export market for Alaskan goods: $1.4 billion of goods exported from Alaska to China—an 18-percent increase. So I be-lieve maintaining this focus—and we have this visit today with the Presi-dent of China—is critically important not only to my State, not only to our country but also to our allies in the re-gion. 
We should all try to put more focus 
and our best thinking on these critical foreign policy and national security issues which, although they are not al-ways on the front page of the papers, I believe are some of the most important long-term strategic challenges and op-portunities we face in this country. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.006 S25SEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6954 September 25, 2015 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL JENNY 
DAVIS 
∑Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize and pay tribute to COL Jenny W. Davis, legislative assistant to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, for her service to our country. Her retirement later this year marks more than 26 years of devotion to our military and our Nation. 
A Maryland native, COL Davis was 
commissioned into the Adjutant Gen-eral’s Corps in May 1989 upon gradua-tion from the United States Military Academy, West Point, NY, and served her initial 4 years in the Army as a branch detailed officer in the Air De-fense Artillery. Her military education includes the Air Defense Artillery Offi-cer Basic Course and Adjutant General Officer Advanced Course and the U.S. Marine Corps Command and Staff Col-lege. 
COL Davis has held assignments 
ranging from platoon leader, battery executive officer, and battalion adju-tant, 6th Battalion, 43d Air Defense Ar-tillery, 32d AADCOM, and V Corps, Ansbach, Germany; detachment com-mander, B Detachment, 546th Per-sonnel Services Battalion, 3d Personnel Group, and chief of officer manage-ment, 2d Armored Division, Fort Hood, TX; HHC commander, 8th Personnel Command, 8th U.S. Army, Camp Coin-er, Korea; joint staff intern serving in the offices of the J1 and the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Manpower and Reserve Affairs, the Pentagon; com-pany grade assignment officer, chief of officer management division and chief of personnel management division, I Corps, and battalion executive officer, 22d Personnel Services Battalion, 1st Personnel Group, Fort Lewis, WA; stra-tegic planner, Army G–1, Headquarters Department of the Army, HQDA, the Pentagon; DoD Congressional Fellow, office of Senator Hillary Rodham Clin-ton, Washington, DC; legislative liai-son—Personnel Policy Portfolio, Office of the Chief of Legislative Liaison, OCLL, the Pentagon; Strategic Initia-tives Group, I Corps/U.S. Forces—Iraq, OIF; legislative liaison—Arlington Na-tional Cemetery, OCLL. 
COL Davis’s awards and decorations 
include the Meritorious Service Medal, with four oakleaf clusters; Joint Serv-ice Commendation Medal, with one oakleaf cluster; Army Commendation Medal; Army Achievement Medal, with two oakleaf clusters; Parachutist Badge; and Joint Chiefs of Staff and Army Staff Identification Badges. 
Jenny is married to Grant Davis. 
They have two sons, Zach, 16, and Ben, 14.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE JUDGE PORTER 
HOUSE BED AND BREAKFAST 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, Lou-
isianians are committed to preserving the traditions that make us profoundly unique as a State and as a nation. This 
is especially true in the Louisiana Pur-chase’s oldest city Natchitoches, LA, home to Small Business of the Week, the Judge Porter House Bed and Break-fast. 
Nestled in the Cane River National 
Heritage Area, the Judge Porter House Bed and Breakfast offers a unique expe-rience to its guests. Built in 1912, the establishment originally served as the home of ‘‘Judge’’ Thomas Fitzgerald Porter and his wife, Wilhelmina. While not an actual judge, judge Porter was a prominent figure who worked at the parish courthouse, and during the course of his life, he enjoyed the hon-orary title. Over the next few decades, the home was sold to various families who contributed to the effort of restor-ing the property to its original state. By 1987, while in the care of Mark Rachal and his wife, Sharon, they re-modeled the interior and revamped the landscaping for the home’s grand re-opening in 1996 as a part of the Natchitoches Historic Foundation’s Annual Fall Pilgrimage. 
Today, under the management and 
care of Charles LaCaze, Jr., the 3,000- square-foot property incorporates many turn-of-the-century architec-tural elements throughout its five guest rooms, two parlors, and the Queen Anne-style gallery that wraps around the house. Each year, the Judge Porter House Bed and Breakfast hosts guests from around the Nation. Lo-cated in downtown Natchitoches, LA, visitors can walk to various local res-taurants and shops, as well as visit nearby national parks and fish hatch-eries after enjoying a traditional southern-style breakfast. 
Congratulations to Judge Porter Bed 
and Breakfast for being selected as Small Business of the Week. Thank you for your commitment to the pres-ervation of Louisiana’s rich history. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:06 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 261. An act to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse. 
S. 994. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’. 
S. 1707. An act to designate the Federal 
building located at 617 Walnut Street in Hel-ena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 322. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher 
Post Office’’. 
H.R. 323. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’. 
H.R. 324. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’. 
H.R. 558. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 1442. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 1884. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Roch-ester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 3059. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Build-ing. 
H.R. 3116. An act to extend by 15 years the 
authority of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quarterly financial report pro-gram. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 322. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 323. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
H.R. 324. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 558. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
H.R. 1442. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
H.R. 1884. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Roch-ester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 3059. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Build-ing; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 3116. An act to extend by 15 years the 
authority of the Secretary of Commerce to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.001 S25SEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6955 September 25, 2015 
conduct the quarterly financial report pro-
gram; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL: 
S. 2081. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend authorities for the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to expand pre-sumption of service connection for com-pensation for diseases the Secretary deter-mines are associated with exposure to herbi-cide agents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 2082. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend certain expiring pro-visions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; considered and passed. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 275 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 275, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program. 
S. 370 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 370, a bill to require breast density reporting to physicians and patients by facilities that perform mammograms, and for other purposes. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 598 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 598, a bill to improve the understanding of, and promote access to treatment for, chronic kidney dis-ease, and for other purposes. 
S. 788 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 788, a bill to require the termi-nation of any employee of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs who is found to have retaliated against a whistle-blower. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1767 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1767, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to combination products, and for other purposes. 
S. 1793 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1793, a bill to provide for the publication by the Secretary of Health and Human Services of physical activity recommendations for Ameri-cans. 
S. 2060 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2060, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize and extend the Fetal Alcohol Syn-drome prevention and services pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 267 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. Res. 267, a resolution expressing support for the continuation of the Federal Perkins Loan program. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2695. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 719, to require the Transpor-tation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations re-garding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2696. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 719, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2697. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 719, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2698. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 719, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2699. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 719, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2700. Mr. GARDNER (for Mr. L
EE) pro-
posed an amendment to the bill S. 2082, to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law adminis-tered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2695. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Security Adminis-tration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other 
purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end add the following: 
This Act shall take effect 5 days after the 
date of enactment. 
SA 2696. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Security Adminis-tration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘5’’ and insert ‘‘6’’. 
SA 2697. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Security Adminis-tration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end add the following: 
This Act shall take effect 7 days after the 
date of enactment. 
SA 2698. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Security Adminis-tration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘7’’ and insert ‘‘8’’. 
SA 2699. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Security Adminis-tration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘8’’ and insert ‘‘9’’. 
SA 2700. Mr. GARDNER (for Mr. L EE) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2082, to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provi-sions of law administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 18, between lines 2 and 3, insert 
the following: 
(c) P ROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF CERTAIN  
AMOUNTS .—The Secretary may not transfer 
any amounts from the Veterans Choice Fund established under section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) to fund the increase under subsection (a) of the authorization to carry out the medical facility construction project described in subsection (b). 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-
FAIRS EXPIRING AUTHORITIES ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. 2082, introduced earlier today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.004 S25SEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6956 September 25, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2082) to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend certain expiring pro-visions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Chair for the opportunity to speak about this Senate bill, which will complete the job in Denver and finish the Denver-Aurora veterans hospital. This has been a longtime process. It has been a struggle. But I want to thank Senator M
CCONNELL , Senator 
ISAKSON , Senator K IRK, and Senator 
BLUMENTHAL for their incredible efforts 
to bring us to this point. 
The hospital in Aurora will be a 
crown jewel in the VA system, and the veterans who have worked so hard to make this a reality deserve nothing but the best, and I believe we start the process of finally building this and fin-ishing it and getting the job done here on the Senate floor today. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
Lee amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2700) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To prohibit the transfer of 
amounts from the Veterans Choice Fund to fund the increase of the authorization to carry out the medical facility construction project of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs in Denver, Colorado) 
On page 18, between lines 2 and 3, insert 
the following: 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF CERTAIN  
AMOUNTS .—The Secretary may not transfer 
any amounts from the Veterans Choice Fund established under section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) to fund the increase under subsection (a) of the authorization to carry out the medical facility construction project described in subsection (b). 
The bill (S. 2082), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows:5se7.025 
S. 2082 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Expir-ing Authorities Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. References to title 38, United States 
Code. 
Sec. 3. Scoring of budgetary effects. 
TITLE I—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY 
RELATING TO HEALTH CARE 
Sec. 101. Extension of authority for collec-
tion of copayments for hospital care and nursing home care. 
Sec. 102. Extension of requirement to pro-
vide nursing home care to cer-tain veterans with service-con-nected disabilities. Sec. 103. Extension of authorization of ap-
propriations for assistance and support services for caregivers. 
Sec. 104. Extension of authority for recovery 
from third parties of cost of care and services furnished to veterans with health-plan con-tracts for non-service-con-nected disability. 
Sec. 105. Extension of authority for pilot 
program on assistance for child care for certain veterans receiv-ing health care. 
Sec. 106. Extension of authority to make 
grants to veterans service orga-nizations for transportation of highly rural veterans. 
Sec. 107. Extension of authority for DOD–VA 
Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund. 
Sec. 108. Extension of authority for joint De-
partment of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Med-ical Facility Demonstration Fund. 
Sec. 109. Extension of authority for pilot 
program on counseling in re-treat settings for women vet-erans newly separated from service. 
TITLE II—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY 
RELATING TO BENEFITS 
Sec. 201. Extension of authority for the Vet-
erans’ Advisory Committee on Education. 
Sec. 202. Extension of authority for calcu-
lating net value of real prop-erty at time of foreclosure. 
Sec. 203. Extension of authority relating to 
vendee loans. 
Sec. 204. Extension of authority to provide 
rehabilitation and vocational benefits to members of the Armed Forces with severe inju-ries or illnesses. 
TITLE III—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY 
RELATING TO HOMELESSNESS 
Sec. 301. Extension of authority for home-
less veterans reintegration pro-grams. 
Sec. 302. Extension of authority for home-
less women veterans and home-less veterans with children re-integration program. 
Sec. 303. Extension of authority to provide 
housing assistance for homeless veterans. 
Sec. 304. Extension of authority to provide 
financial assistance for sup-portive services for very low-in-come veteran families in per-manent housing. 
Sec. 305. Extension of authority for grant 
program for homeless veterans with special needs. 
Sec. 306. Extension of authority for the Ad-
visory Committee on Homeless Veterans. 
Sec. 307. Extension of authority for treat-
ment and rehabilitation serv-ices for seriously mentally ill and homeless veterans. 
Sec. 308. Extension of authority to provide 
referral and counseling services for certain veterans at risk of homelessness. 
TITLE IV—OTHER EXTENSIONS AND 
MODIFICATIONS OF AUTHORITY 
Sec. 401. Extension of authority for trans-
portation of individuals to and from Department facilities. 
Sec. 402. Extension of authority for monthly 
assistance allowances under the Office of National Veterans Sports Programs and Special Events. Sec. 403. Extension of authority for oper-
ation of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs regional office in Manila, the Republic of the Philippines. 
Sec. 404. Extension of requirement to pro-
vide reports to Congress regard-ing equitable relief in the case of administrative error. 
Sec. 405. Extension of authorization of ap-
propriations for adaptive sports programs for disabled veterans and members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 406. Extension of authority for Advi-
sory Committee on Minority Veterans. 
Sec. 407. Extension of authority for tem-
porary expansion of eligibility for specially adapted housing assistance for certain veterans with disabilities causing dif-ficulty ambulating. 
Sec. 408. Extension of authority to enter 
into agreement with the Na-tional Academy of Sciences re-garding associations between diseases and exposure to dioxin and other chemical compounds in herbicides. 
Sec. 409. Extension of authority for perform-
ance of medical disabilities ex-aminations by contract physi-cians. 
Sec. 410. Restoration of prior reporting fee 
multipliers. 
Sec. 411. Extension of requirement for an-
nual report on Department of Defense-Department of Vet-erans Affairs Interagency Pro-gram Office. 
Sec. 412. Modification of authorization of 
fiscal year 2008 major medical facility project at Department medical center in Tampa, Flor-ida. 
Sec. 413. Authorization of major medical fa-
cility projects. 
TITLE V—MATTERS RELATING TO 
MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECT IN DENVER 
Sec. 501. Increase in authorization for De-
partment of Veterans Affairs medical facility project pre-viously authorized. 
Sec. 502. Project management of super con-
struction projects. 
TITLE VI—OTHER MATTERS 
Sec. 601. Technical and clerical amend-
ments. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES TO TITLE 38, UNITED 
STATES CODE. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. SCORING OF BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the House Budget Committee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to 
the vote on passage. 
TITLE I—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY 
RELATING TO HEALTH CARE 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR COL-
LECTION OF COPAYMENTS FOR HOS-PITAL CARE AND NURSING HOME CARE. 
Section 1710(f)(2)(B) is amended by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2016’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.010 S25SEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6957 September 25, 2015 
SEC. 102. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT TO PRO-
VIDE NURSING HOME CARE TO CER-TAIN VETERANS WITH SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES. 
Section 1710A(d) is amended by striking 
‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 103. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS FOR ASSISTANCE AND SUPPORT SERVICES FOR CARE-GIVERS. 
Section 1720G(e) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) $625,000,000 for fiscal year 2016.’’. 
SEC. 104. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR RECOV-
ERY FROM THIRD PARTIES OF COST OF CARE AND SERVICES FURNISHED TO VETERANS WITH HEALTH-PLAN CONTRACTS FOR NON-SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITY. 
Section 1729(a)(2)(E) is amended, in the 
matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Oc-tober 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2016’’. 
SEC. 105. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR PILOT 
PROGRAM ON ASSISTANCE FOR CHILD CARE FOR CERTAIN VET-ERANS RECEIVING HEALTH CARE. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection 
(e) of section 205 of the Caregivers and Vet-erans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1144; 38 U.S.C. 1710 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Subsection (h) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘, 2015, and 2016’’. 
SEC. 106. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO MAKE 
GRANTS TO VETERANS SERVICE OR-GANIZATIONS FOR TRANSPOR-TATION OF HIGHLY RURAL VET-ERANS. 
Section 307(d) of the Caregivers and Vet-
erans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1154; 38 U.S.C. 1710 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
SEC. 107. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR DOD– 
VA HEALTH CARE SHARING INCEN-TIVE FUND. 
Section 8111(d)(3) is amended by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2016’’. 
SEC. 108. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR JOINT 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MED-ICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND. 
Section 1704(e) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), as amended by section 722 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291;128 Stat. 3417), is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’. 
SEC. 109. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR PILOT 
PROGRAM ON COUNSELING IN RE-TREAT SETTINGS FOR WOMEN VET-ERANS NEWLY SEPARATED FROM SERVICE. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (d) of section 
203 of the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 163; 124 Stat. 1143) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2016’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Subsection (f) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2015, and 2016’’. TITLE II—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY 
RELATING TO BENEFITS 
SEC. 201. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR THE 
VETERANS’ ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION. 
Section 3692(c) is amended by striking ‘‘De-
cember 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 202. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR CALCU-
LATING NET VALUE OF REAL PROP-ERTY AT TIME OF FORECLOSURE. 
Section 3732(c)(11) is amended by striking 
‘‘October 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2016’’. 
SEC. 203. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY RELATING 
TO VENDEE LOANS. 
Section 3733(a)(7) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘September 30, 2016’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2016,’’. 
SEC. 204. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PRO-
VIDE REHABILITATION AND VOCA-TIONAL BENEFITS TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WITH SEVERE INJURIES OR ILLNESSES. 
Section 1631(b)(2) of the Wounded Warrior 
Act (title XVI of Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 458; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
TITLE III—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY 
RELATING TO HOMELESSNESS 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR HOME-
LESS VETERANS REINTEGRATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 2021(e)(1)(F) is amended by strik-
ing ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
SEC. 302. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR HOME-
LESS WOMEN VETERANS AND HOME-LESS VETERANS WITH CHILDREN REINTEGRATION PROGRAM. 
Section 2021A(f)(1) is amended by striking 
‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
SEC. 303. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PRO-
VIDE HOUSING ASSISTANCE FOR HOMELESS VETERANS. 
Section 2041(c) is amended by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2016’’. 
SEC. 304. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PRO-
VIDE FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE FOR SUPPORTIVE SERVICES FOR VERY LOW-INCOME VETERAN FAMILIES IN PERMANENT HOUSING. 
Section 2044(e)(1)(E) is amended by strik-
ing ‘‘fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal years 2015 through 2016’’. 
SEC. 305. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR GRANT 
PROGRAM FOR HOMELESS VET-ERANS WITH SPECIAL NEEDS. 
Section 2061(d)(1) is amended by striking 
‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
SEC. 306. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR THE 
ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON HOME-LESS VETERANS. 
Section 2066(d) is amended by striking ‘‘De-
cember 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 307. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TREAT-
MENT AND REHABILITATION SERV-ICES FOR SERIOUSLY MENTALLY ILL AND HOMELESS VETERANS. 
(a) G ENERAL TREATMENT .—Section 2031(b) 
is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2016’’. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL SERVICES AT CERTAIN LOCA-
TIONS .—Section 2033(d) is amended by strik-
ing ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2016’’. 
SEC. 308. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PRO-
VIDE REFERRAL AND COUNSELING SERVICES FOR CERTAIN VETERANS AT RISK OF HOMELESSNESS. 
Section 2023(d) is amended by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2016’’. TITLE IV—OTHER EXTENSIONS AND 
MODIFICATIONS OF AUTHORITY 
SEC. 401. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TRANS-
PORTATION OF INDIVIDUALS TO AND FROM DEPARTMENT FACILI-TIES. 
Section 111A(a)(2) is amended by striking 
‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 402. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR 
MONTHLY ASSISTANCE ALLOW-ANCES UNDER THE OFFICE OF NA-TIONAL VETERANS SPORTS PRO-GRAMS AND SPECIAL EVENTS. 
Section 322(d)(4) is amended by striking 
‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
SEC. 403. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR OPER-
ATION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS REGIONAL OF-FICE IN MANILA, THE REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES. 
Section 315(b) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2016’’. 
SEC. 404. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT TO PRO-
VIDE REPORTS TO CONGRESS RE-GARDING EQUITABLE RELIEF IN THE CASE OF ADMINISTRATIVE ERROR. 
Section 503(c) is amended by striking ‘‘De-
cember 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 405. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS FOR ADAPTIVE SPORTS PROGRAMS FOR DISABLED VETERANS AND MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 521A(g)(1) is amended by striking 
‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
SEC. 406. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR ADVI-
SORY COMMITTEE ON MINORITY VETERANS. 
Section 544(e) is amended by striking ‘‘De-
cember 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 407. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TEM-
PORARY EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR SPECIALLY ADAPTED HOUSING ASSISTANCE FOR CERTAIN VET-ERANS WITH DISABILITIES CAUSING DIFFICULTY AMBULATING. 
Section 2101(a)(4) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2016’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘each 
of fiscal years 2014 and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2014 through 2016’’. 
SEC. 408. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO ENTER 
INTO AGREEMENT WITH THE NA-TIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES RE-GARDING ASSOCIATIONS BETWEEN DISEASES AND EXPOSURE TO DIOXIN AND OTHER CHEMICAL COM-POUNDS IN HERBICIDES. 
Section 3(i) of the Agent Orange Act of 1991 
(Public Law 102–4; 38 U.S.C. 1116 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 409. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR PER-
FORMANCE OF MEDICAL DISABIL-ITIES EXAMINATIONS BY CONTRACT PHYSICIANS. 
Subsection (c) of section 704 of the Vet-
erans Benefits Act of 2003 (38 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 410. RESTORATION OF PRIOR REPORTING 
FEE MULTIPLIERS. 
Section 406 of the Department of Veterans 
Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–175; 38 U.S.C. 3684 note) is amended by striking ‘‘one-year’’ and insert-ing ‘‘two-year’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.002 S25SEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6958 September 25, 2015 
SEC. 411. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT FOR AN-
NUAL REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS INTERAGENCY PRO-GRAM OFFICE. 
Section 1635(h)(1) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Pub-lic Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
SEC. 412. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORIZATION OF 
FISCAL YEAR 2008 MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECT AT DEPART-MENT MEDICAL CENTER IN TAMPA, FLORIDA. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF AUTHORIZATION .—In 
chapter 3 of the Supplemental Appropria-tions Act, 2008 (Public Law 110–252; 122 Stat. 2326), in the matter under the heading ‘‘De-partment of Veterans Affairs–Departmental Administration–Construction, Major Projects’’, after ‘‘Five Year Capital Plan’’ in-sert the following: ‘‘and for constructing a new bed tower at the Department of Vet-erans Affairs medical center in Tampa, Flor-ida, in lieu of providing bed tower upgrades at such medical center’’. 
(b) E
MERGENCY DESIGNATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) is des-
ignated as an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 4(g) of the Statutory Pay-As- You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(g)). 
(2) D
ESIGNATION IN SENATE .—In the Senate, 
subsection (a) is designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 403(a) of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2010. 
SEC. 413. AUTHORIZATION OF MAJOR MEDICAL 
FACILITY PROJECTS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facility projects, with each project to be carried out in an amount not to exceed the amount specified for that project: 
(1) Construction of a community living 
center, outpatient clinic, renovated domi-ciliary, and renovation of existing buildings in Canandaigua, New York, in an amount not to exceed $158,980,000. 
(2) Seismic corrections to the mental 
health and community living center in Long Beach, California, in an amount not to ex-ceed $126,100,000. 
(3) Seismic correction of 12 buildings in 
West Los Angeles, California, in an amount not to exceed $70,500,000. 
(4) Construction of a spinal cord injury 
building and seismic corrections in San Diego, California, in an amount not to ex-ceed $205,840,000. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2015 or the year in which funds are appro-priated for the Construction, Major Projects, account, a total of $561,420,000 for the projects authorized in subsection (a). 
(c) L
IMITATION .—The projects authorized 
under this section may only be carried out using— 
(1) funds appropriated for fiscal year 2015 
pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in subsection (b); 
(2) funds available for Construction, Major 
Projects for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2015 that remain available for obligation; 
(3) funds available for Construction, Major 
Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2015 that remain available for obligation; 
(4) funds appropriated for Construction, 
Major Projects, for fiscal year 2015 for a cat-egory of activity not specific to a project; 
(5) funds appropriated for Construction, 
Major Projects, for a fiscal year before 2015 for a category of activity not specific to a project; and 
(6) funds appropriated for Construction, 
Major Projects, for a fiscal year after 2015 for a category of activity not specific to a project. TITLE V—MATTERS RELATING TO 
MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECT IN DENVER 
SEC. 501. INCREASE IN AUTHORIZATION FOR DE-
PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECT PRE-VIOUSLY AUTHORIZED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(a) of the Con-
struction Authorization and Choice Improve-ment Act (Public Law 114–19; 129 Stat. 215), as amended by section 1 of Public Law 114–25, is further amended by striking ‘‘$1,050,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,675,000,000’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2016 authorizes the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to transfer discretionary unobligated balances appropriated for fiscal year 2015 and discretionary advance appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 to fund the in-crease under subsection (a) of the authoriza-tion to carry out the medical facility con-struction project in Denver, Colorado, speci-fied in section 2 of the Construction Author-ization and Choice Improvement Act (Public Law 114–19; 129 Stat. 215). 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF CERTAIN  
AMOUNTS .—The Secretary may not transfer 
any amounts from the Veterans Choice Fund established under section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) to fund the increase under subsection (a) of the authorization to carry out the medical facility construction project described in subsection (b). 
SEC. 502. PROJECT MANAGEMENT OF SUPER 
CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8103 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e)(1) In the case of any super construc-
tion project, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with an appropriate non-De-partment Federal entity to provide full project management services for the super construction project, including management over the project design, acquisition, con-struction, and contract changes. 
‘‘(2) An agreement entered into under para-
graph (1) with a Federal entity shall provide that the Secretary shall reimburse the Fed-eral entity for all costs associated with the provision of project management services under the agreement. 
‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘super 
construction project’ means a project for the construction, alteration, or acquisition of a medical facility involving a total expendi-ture of more than $100,000,000.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by 
subsection (a) shall apply with respect to the following: 
(1) The medical facility construction 
project in Denver, Colorado, specified in sec-tion 2 of the Construction Authorization and Choice Improvement Act (Public Law 114–19; 129 Stat. 215). 
(2) Any super construction project (as de-
fined in section 8103(e)(3) of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)) that is authorized on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
TITLE VI—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 601. TECHNICAL AND CLERICAL AMEND-
MENTS. 
Title 38, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 111(b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (g)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (g)(2)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)(C), by striking ‘‘(42 
U.S.C. 1395(l))’’ and inserting ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1395m(l))’’; 
(2) in the table of sections at the beginning 
of chapter 5 of such title, by striking the item relating to section 521A and inserting the following: 
‘‘521A. Adaptive sports programs for disabled 
veterans and members of the Armed Forces.’’; (3) in section 1503(a)(5), by striking ‘‘sub-
clause’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph’’ each place it appears; 
(4) in section 1710(e)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘(as 
defined in section 1712A(a)(2)(B) of this title)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (F)(viii), by striking 
‘‘Myleodysplasic’’ and inserting ‘‘Myelodysplastic’’; 
(5) in section 1710D(c)(1), by striking ‘‘(as 
defined in section 1712A(a)(2)(B) of this title)’’; 
(6) in section 1720G(a)(7)(B)(iii), by striking 
‘‘has’’ and inserting ‘‘have’’; 
(7) in section 1781(a)(4), by striking the 
semicolon and inserting a comma; 
(8) in section 1832(b)(2), by striking ‘‘(b)(2)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(b)(3)’’; 
(9) in section 2044(b)(1)(D), by striking 
‘‘federal’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal’’; 
(10) in section 2101(a), by moving the mar-
gins of paragraph (2), and of the subpara-graphs, clauses, and subclauses therein, 2 ems to the left; 
(11) in section 2101(a)(2)(B) by striking 
clause (ii) and inserting the following new clause (ii): 
‘‘(ii) The disability is due to— ‘‘(I) blindness in both eyes, having only 
light perception, plus 
‘‘(II) loss or loss of use of one lower ex-
tremity.’’. 
(12) in section 2109(a) by striking ‘‘provi-
sions of section’’ and inserting ‘‘provisions of sections’’; 
(13) in section 2303(c), by striking ‘‘intern-
ment’’ and inserting ‘‘interment’’; 
(14) in section 2411(e)(1), by striking ‘‘fed-
eral official’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal offi-cial’’; 
(15) in section 3108(b)(4), by inserting ‘‘the’’ 
before ‘‘rehabilitation program concerned’’; 
(16) in section 3313, by striking ‘‘1070a’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘1070a(b)’’; 
(17) in section 3313(e)(2)(A)(iii), by striking 
the second period; 
(18) in section 3313(g)(3)(A)(iii), by insert-
ing a comma after ‘‘books’’; 
(19) in section 3319, by striking ‘‘armed 
forces’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Armed Forces’’; 
(20) in section 4102A(c)(9)(A)(ii)(III), by 
striking the quotation mark at the end; 
(21) in section 5302A— (A) by amending the enumerator and sec-
tion heading to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 5302A. Collection of indebtedness: certain 
debts of members of the Armed Forces and veterans who die of injury incurred or ag-gravated in the line of duty in a combat zone’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘(as that 
term is defined in section 1712A(a)(2)(B) of this title)’’; 
(22) in section 7309(c)(1), by inserting ‘‘the’’ 
before ‘‘Veterans Health Administration’’; 
(23) in section 7401(3)(A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘that’’; 
(24) in section 7683(d), by inserting a period 
at the end; and 
(25) in section 8162(a)(2), by inserting ‘‘if’’ 
after ‘‘housing and’’. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I yield 
the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.002 S25SEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6959 September 25, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DESIGNATING A NATIONAL DAY 
OF REMEMBRANCE FOR NU-CLEAR WEAPONS PROGRAM WORKERS 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate 
now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 213. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 213) designating Octo-
ber 30, 2015, as a national day of remem-brance for nuclear weapons program work-ers. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 213) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of June 24, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 28, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 4:30 p.m., Monday, Sep-tember 28; that following the prayer 
and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for 
their use later in the day; that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of the message to accompany H.R. 719, with the time until the cloture vote equally divided between the two leaders or their des-ignees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 28, 2015, AT 4:30 P.M. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 1:42 p.m., adjourned until Monday, September 28, 2015, at 4:30 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Sep 25, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.013 S25SEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1357 September 25, 2015 
CONGRATULATING MIDMARK COR-
PORATION ON THEIR 100TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. JOHN A. BOEHNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. BOEHNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Midmark Corporation, headquartered in Dayton, Ohio, on their 100th anniversary. 
Led by four generations of the Eiting family, 
Midmark has led the way in medical innova-tion and improving patient care. As this Ohio business celebrates this important milestone, I applaud all the men and women who have contributed to Midmark’s success. This is truly the American Dream at its finest. 
To Dr. Anne Eiting Klamar and the entire 
Midmark team, you have much to celebrate, and of course, much to look forward to. Here is to another 100 years. 
f 
HONORING MARK FOSTER 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Mark Foster. Mark is a very special young man who has exempli-fied the finest qualities of citizenship and lead-ership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 378, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Mark has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Mark has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Mark earned his Eagle Scout at the age of 13, dem-onstrating his drive and commitment to the Boy Scouts of America. Mark has also contrib-uted to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mark built picnic tables along the Line Creek Trail in Platte County, Missouri. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Mark Foster for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING EVELYNE ROMINGER 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Evelyne Rominger a community leader, mentor and one of my dis-trict’s 2015 Woman of the year. Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Evelyne Rominger was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Evelyne Rominger was raised 
south of Davis on a dairy farm. She met her husband Richard while they were both stu-dents at UC Davis and they have been mar-ried for 64 years. Evelyne has been a very ac-tive community member her entire life, starting with the Dixon 4–H Club and as the student body vice president of Davis High School and later as a member of the Commission of the Californias. She has also been active in sev-eral health associations, including as the founding board member of the Yolo County Mental Health Association. 
Whereas, Evelyne has been an unabashed, 
lifelong advocate for gender equality and so-cial justice issues. She clearly and persua-sively articulates the critical elements of any topic while leaving no room for ambiguity. Evelyne has spent a lifetime perfecting the art of challenging the status quo and pushing the limits of conventional thinking while promoting change by skillfully applying her elements of unconventional wisdom. 
Whereas, Evelyne has an enormous capac-
ity to engage, mentor, and advocate for com-plex and sensitive issues, and to achieve the presumed unachievable, no matter the condi-tion or concern. She also embodies a unique quality that demands intellectual clarity and a thoughtful approach to strategic planning, all while inspiring communities of people to move in a like direction. Evelyne is as dedicated to our California community as she is to her fam-ily and her friends and to traveling the world. She is a model for living a dedicated and pro-ductive life. 
Resolved, That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Evelyne Rominger. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY OTTMAR 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and congratulate Mary Ottmar of At-lantic, Iowa, for being inducted into the Iowa 4–H Hall of Fame during a ceremony at the Iowa State Fair. Inductees to the Hall of Fame have demonstrated dedication, encourage-ment, commitment and guidance to Iowa’s 4– H students through the years. 
Mary began her career in 1972 as the Cass 
County Extension 4–H and Youth Leader. She has strived to increase 4–H membership by building strong relationships with the youth in the county. Mary has built a foundation for success with the Cass County 4–H program, and developed the 4–H Youth Council in Cass County, which encourages youth to get in-volved and truly demonstrate citizenship, com-munication, and leadership skills. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate 
Mary for earning this award. She is a shining example of how hard work and dedication can have a positive impact on our youth. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating Mary for her numerous accomplishments in the 4– H community. I wish her nothing but the very best moving forward. 
f 
CELEBRATING DOUBLE TEN DAY 
HON. BLAKE FARENTHOLD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of the 104th national day of the Republic of China, or ROC, which most of my fellow Americans know as Taiwan. 
Double Ten Day commemorates the 
Wuchang Uprising, the event that triggered a revolution that rippled from southern China and led to both the overthrow of the Qing Dy-nasty and the establishment of the ROC on January 1, 1912. 
With our country’s entry into World War II, 
we joined forces with the ROC and the other Allies to defeat the Axis, and this year, our two countries have observed the 70th anniversary of the end of that war. In the decades that fol-lowed, our two countries stood together as we faced common enemies during the Cold War, and this unshakable relationship weathered the challenges posed by the change in our diplomatic relations from Taipei to Beijing. 
In recent decades, Taiwan has created a 
democracy that, since 1996, has conducted di-rect presidential elections every four years and witnessed the peaceful passage of power from one political party to another on two occa-sions, transforming into an example to other nations in the region and beyond that aspire to democracy. It is a regional and global eco-nomic force, and makes global contributions culturally in fields from art to fashion. Through our shared security partnership, Taiwan also contributes to the security of the Asia-Pacific, and is a humanitarian force around the globe. 
As a member of Congressional Taiwan Cau-
cus, I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in wishing the people of Taiwan a Happy Double Ten Day, and in thanking Taiwan for its many contributions to the global commu-nity. 
f 
HONORING TREVOR CLARK 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Trevor Clark. Trevor is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.001 E25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1358 September 25, 2015 
and leadership by taking an active part in the 
Boy Scouts of America, Troop 378, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Trevor has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Trevor has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Trevor holds the troop record by earning 38 merit badges. Trevor has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Trevor built a tennis backboard for players to practice with at a community tennis court. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Trevor Clark for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING ELVIA GARCIA 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Elvia Garcia a com-munity organizer and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Elvia Garcia was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, among many other areas of com-
munity involvement, Elvia Garcia was instru-mental in the implementation of the Yolo County District Attorney’s Neighborhood Court Program. The Neighborhood Court Program utilizes restorative justice concepts, which identify crime as acts that cause harm done to people and communities and emphasizes the offender repairing that harm done to the indi-vidual and to the community as a whole. 
Whereas, Elvia has been a volunteer in this 
program since its inception in the Spring of 2013 and continues to be a driving force in the program. After observing San Francisco’s model in an effort to better understand the program and how to best apply its practices in Yolo County, Elvia helped design the current facilitated conference model, panelist and facilitator training, and implement the Home-less Diversion Program model. 
Whereas, Elvia is a true example of courage 
and selflessness and her volunteer efforts continue to have a positive impact in the County of Yolo. 
Resolved, That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Elvia Garcia. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JERRALYNN 
NESS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF COMMUNITY ACTION OF WASH-INGTON COUNTY, OREGON 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Jerralynn Ness, the Executive Director of Community Action in Washington County, 
Oregon. After more than 40 years of dedicated service, Jerralynn is retiring. 
Jerralynn will leave a remarkable legacy. 
Her work has made northwest Oregon a better place—a place where people can access the support they need to escape poverty. Under Jerralynn’s leadership, Community Action has helped families find housing and afford basic utilities, provide quality early childhood edu-cation for their children, and access prenatal and child care services. 
Connecting families and children with es-
sential services improves their health and overall quality of life. Just as important, Jerralynn’s work contributed to a sense of dig-nity for the families served through Community Action. Because of Jerralynn, more Oregon families have clean, comfortable homes; more Oregonians have control over their finances; and more children in Oregon are entering school healthy and prepared for academic success. The happy, productive lives of these families are an appropriate tribute to Jerralynn, who has been a selfless champion for those living in poverty. 
During decades of change at Community 
Action, Jerralynn and the organization re-mained committed to President Johnson’s promise of equal opportunity and his directive that we ‘‘pursue poverty, pursue it wherever it exists.’’ Jerralynn spent her entire career help-ing people build better lives. The communities of northwest Oregon will miss Jerralynn’s lead-ership, but her legacy will be carried forward through the families who are now enjoying lives full of opportunity and promise. 
f 
HONORING MR. AND MRS. SARVAI 
OF MANCHESTER, NH ON CELE-BRATING THEIR 50TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
express my congratulations to Mr. and Mrs. Sarvai of Manchester, New Hampshire for re-cently celebrating their 50th anniversary. After 50 years of marriage and two children, I ap-plaud their dedication and commitment to one another. It’s clear they have both been exem-plary members of our community, and I wish them the best in all future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SANDAU BROTHERS 
SIGN COMPANY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate a great Iowa company, Sandau Brothers Sign Com-pany of Council Bluffs, as they celebrate their 30th anniversary this year. Roger Sandau, Sr. and Roger Sandau, Jr. work with each other every day to make the company a continued success. 
For years the Sandau’s have been honing 
their skills and putting in countless hours to create the highest quality products that their 
customers can be proud of. Their commitment to customer service and attention to detail has contributed to their company’s success and longevity. 
I applaud and congratulate Sandau Brothers 
Sign Company and their staff for their 30 years of dedicated service to Council Bluffs and southwest Iowa. I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Roger, Sr. and Roger, Jr. and wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING EVAN DANTZSCHER 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Evan Dantzscher. Evan is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 378, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Evan has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Evan has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Evan has led his troop as the Senior Patrol Leader. Evan has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Evan cleared approximately 100 yards of undergrowth to allow for easier mowing of the Line Creek Trail in Platte County, Missouri. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Evan Dantzscher for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JOANN G. 
CAMACHO FOR BEING CHOSEN AS THE 2015 GUAM BUSINESS WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Joann G. Camacho for being chosen as the 2015 Guam Business Woman of the Year. Joann is a native daughter of Guam who has had a long career, spanning a collective 25 years in Guam’s tourism industry. She is known throughout the island for spreading Guam’s famous hospitality and hafa adai spirit. 
Joann graduated from the Academy of Our 
Lady of Guam in 1974 and went on to receive a Bachelor of Science Degree in Finance Management in 1978 from the University of San Francisco. Her first job after college was working as a staff assistant for fiscal affairs in the office of the governor of Guam. 
She began working with Duty Free Shop-
pers early on in her career as Divisional Mer-chandising Manager and helped opened 23 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25SE8.003 E25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1359 September 25, 2015 
boutiques that appealed to the Asian tourist 
market on Guam while arrivals were climbing. She took a short break from her career in the tourism industry to support her husband, Felix, as he served as the Governor of Guam for two terms. During this time, she focused on protecting the environment and improving the island community. She launched the Simple Tasks Aimed at Reducing Trash (START) pro-gram. 
Joann made her comeback to the industry 
as the General Manager of the Guam Visitors Bureau. It was there that she was able to work with and support a team that helped increase visitor arrivals on Guam to the highest num-bers seen in 15 years. 
Joann then returned to DFS Group Ltd. in 
January 2013 where she serves as the Direc-tor of Market Development of the T-Galleria. As the Director of Market Development, she is responsible for identifying local trends in the private and public sectors and recognizing visitors’ preference in local products. She plays a very instrumental role at the T-Galleria and has helped the organization develop the Guam Unique Merchandising Art program. This program allows local artisans the oppor-tunity to showcase Guam’s local art, history and culture through their work in a luxury retail setting. 
Joann is passionate about all the work she 
does and is resourceful and determined to carry out every task she does with success. Her work in both the public and private sectors has helped various organizations to grow, and in turn has allowed the Guam tourism industry to prosper. 
Additionally, Joann is heavily involved with 
non-profit agencies throughout the island of Guam. Joann continues a close relationship with the Guam Visitors Bureau and is involved with the Guam Chamber of Commerce, Guam Women’s Chamber of Commerce, Chinese Chamber of Commerce, Guam Hotel and Res-taurant Association, Make A Wish Foundation, Guam Museum Foundation, Japan Club of Guam and Guam Memorial Hospital Volun-teers Association. She is also a board mem-ber of the Tourism Education Council, Guam Tourism Foundation, Latte of Freedom Foun-dation, Guam Red Cross and Guam Unique Merchandise and Art. 
I extend my congratulations to Joann G. 
Camacho on being named the 2015 Guam Business Woman of the Year and thank her for her service and dedication to the island of Guam throughout the years. I also extend my congratulations to her husband, Governor Felix P. Camacho, their children, Jessica, Felix Jr. and Maria, and their grandchildren, Scotty, Colin, Raymond and Mason. I wish her the best on this important achievement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DICK AND MACYL 
REEVES 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Dick and Macyl Reeves of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Dick and Macyl were married in 1955. Dick and Macyl’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children Rick, Sue, and Amy truly embodies our Iowa values. I com-mend this devoted couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. I wish them and their family nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING ALMA HICKEL 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Alma Hickel a com-munity volunteer in Colusa County and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the Year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Alma Hickel was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the Year. 
Whereas, when Alma Hickel won the Grand 
Prize at the Colusa County Fair Cook-off last year for her famous Walnut pie, it was no sur-prise to hear her confess, ‘‘I love to bake. I even grew and shelled the walnuts.’’ Alma has won multiple contest prizes for her baking skills over the years, but what Alma is most known for throughout Colusa is how generous she has been with her sharing her baking skills with the community. For many years, Alma has donated baked items to be sold or auctioned in support of local fundraising ef-forts. 
Whereas, she has also provided inspira-
tional leadership to 4–H, Catholic Ladies Re-lief Society, Our Lady of Lourdes and the Colusa Regional Medical Center. 
Whereas, Alma, together with her late hus-
band James, taught their five children the value of self-reliance, hard work, and giving back to their community through leading by example. Daughter and City Councilwoman Marilyn shares, ‘‘Our mother is amazingly kind. She operated a Daycare for over 35 years and cared for so many children. She watched them all grow up and has never for-gotten them. Whenever there is a funeral in town, she will bake and take it to the family to comfort them.’’ 
Resolved , That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Alma Hickel. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. LANNY ROSS 
FOR RECEIVING THE 2015 AL-TOONA KIWANIS CLUB CITIZEN OF THE YEAR AWARD 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Dr. Lanny Ross, a lifelong educator and public servant, for receiving the 2015 Al-toona Kiwanis Club Citizen of the Year Award. 
As a career educator and administrator, Dr. 
Ross has played a central role in developing countless lives and careers. Illustrating his 
dedication to education, Dr. Ross has worked in several school districts in multiple states as a Math Teacher, Guidance Counselor, Assist-ant High School Principal, High School Prin-cipal, Director of Secondary Education, Super-intendent of Vocational Education, and Execu-tive Director of Vocational Education. Addition-ally, he has taught at the university level for Penn State University, Lock Haven University, and St. Francis University. 
Driven by a desire to give back, Dr. Ross 
has also been an active member of many community organizations, including: the Al-toona-Blair County Development Corporation, Blair County Airport Authority, Southern Alleghanies Workforce Investment Board, and several Professional Education Associations. 
Despite a demanding career and extensive 
community responsibilities, Dr. Ross has also remained a dedicated family man to his wife of 50 years, his three children, and his six grand-children. 
On behalf of the Ninth District of Pennsyl-
vania, I want to thank Dr. Ross for his service, and moreover highlight the sense of purpose with which he has served the community. He has exemplified the selfless drive that is a hallmark of our educators, and this award is a well-deserved acknowledgment of that spirit of giving. 
It is my honor to recognize Dr. Lanny Ross 
and congratulate him for receiving the 2015 Altoona Kiwanis Club Citizen of the Year Award. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE DANCE 
EXPLOSION CLOGGING QUINTET 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Dance Explosion’s clogging quintet for being chosen as one of the six finalists in the sprout division of the Bill Riley Talent Contest at the Iowa State Fair. 
I would like to congratulate each member of 
the group: 
Danika Schultes, Mikenna Cass, Kanyon 
Huntington, Hannah Wisniewski, and Page Hudson. 
These young people are from the Afton and 
Creston area in southern Iowa. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by these stu-
dents and their teachers demonstrates the re-wards of hard work and dedication. I am hon-ored to represent them in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating this quintet and the rest of the team for competing in this rigorous competition and wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING DOROTHY POOLEY 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Dorothy Pooley an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25SE8.007 E25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1360 September 25, 2015 
Ombudsman and advocate for seniors, and 
one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Dorothy Pooley was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, while Dorothy Pooley is officially 
retired, no one would know it. If you were to ask any of the Seniors at the Willows residen-tial facility, they will tell you how ever-present and beloved she is there as their Ombuds-man. 
Whereas, Dorothy’s long career began in 
1954 at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. She worked for RCA in their Communications Engineering and Optics Engineering Depart-ments and TRW in their Minuteman Program. In the 1970s, Dorothy moved to Glenn County and has worked for the County in numerous capacities including Public Guardian, Court In-vestigator and Ombudsman. 
Whereas, as the Ombudsman for the Wil-
lows Center, Dorothy visits with the residents at least weekly. She is a liaison between the residents and their family members and the fa-cility. Dorothy helps residents with problem solving when asked and always brings a friendly smile and a kind word of encourage-ment to all she comes in contact with. 
Whereas, one Willows resident summed up 
Dorothy with these words, ‘‘Dorothy loves what she does. If she is needed, she comes right away to help us solve problems. If she does not know the answer, she will find it for us. I can’t think of a better person.’’ 
Resolved , That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Dorothy Pooley. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GRAPHICS UNI-
VERSAL INCORPORATED ON THE OCCASION OF ITS 50TH YEAR OF BUSINESS 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Graphics Universal Incorporated on the occasion of its 50th year of business. 
Over the past half-century, Graphics Uni-
versal Inc. has grown into a successful, diver-sified printing business. As a family-owned small business, Graphics Universal Inc. has shown how successful a loyal approach to business can be. Fortunately for its clients and the Greencastle community, it has also shown what the grit and determination of entre-preneurs can create. 
As a former small business owner, I truly 
appreciate how essential small businesses like Graphics Universal Inc. are to the prosperity of our country and local communities by creating jobs and economic opportunity. 
In celebrating Graphics Universal Inc. for its 
50-year anniversary, it is essential to also rec-ognize the extraordinary employees that have made that milestone possible. I believe this achievement speaks to the value they have created for the company and the clients and communities they serve. 
I am honored to recognize Graphics Uni-
versal Inc. for its 50 years of business, and for successfully participating in one of our coun-try’s proudest traditions: owning and operating 
a small business. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. NIKI TSONGAS 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I was absent 
from the House on September 24th and 25th to attend my daughter’s wedding. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
against H.R. 348. Rather than improving the environmental review process under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act (NEPA), this legislation would only create confusion, in-crease litigation, and undermine one of our nation’s bedrock environmental statutes. 
f 
HONORING CHRIS WINKIE 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Chris Winkie. Chris is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 378, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Chris has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Chris has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Chris has led his troop as the Senior Patrol Leader. Chris has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Chris planted 75 willow trees at a low water crossing over Line Creek in Platte County, Missouri. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Chris Winkie for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING ZENOBIA 
BROKENBROUGH 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Zenobia Brokenbrough a veteran advocate, peace ac-tivist, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Zenobia Brokenbrough was recog-nized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Zee Brown Brokenbrough has 
been the Minister of Music at the historic Beth-el African Methodist Episcopal Church in Marysville, home to one of California’s oldest choirs since 1978. For the past 10 years, Zee has been the Choir, Musical Theater and Piano teacher at the Marysville Charter Acad-
emy for the Arts, one of the highest per-forming schools in the Yuba-Sutter region. Previously and for many years, Zee taught 3rd grade and music at St. Isidore’s Catholic Church in Yuba City. Zee is an upstanding and inspiring educator who has given years of her time and talent to thousands of students. 
Whereas, Zee and Bethel AME’s Choir 
spread joy throughout the community bringing hope to patients in Senior homes and hos-pitals, during holiday and fundraising events, street fairs, weddings, funerals, health fairs and a myriad of other events. Annually, Zee helps charter school students fundraise to travel and perform at Chico State and Disneyland. 
Whereas, through music and Zee’s edu-
cational programs she is beloved by her stu-dents and peers. Zee broadens the minds of her students while challenging them to think critically, value diversity, and function com-petently, to become effective and confident leaders. 
Resolved, That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Zenobia Brokenbrough. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VICTOR ‘‘WOODY’’ 
WOODMAN 
HON. JOHN L. MICA 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, today in Central 
Florida the life of Victor ‘‘Woody’’ Woodman will be celebrated as he is remembered and laid to rest. There are people in our lives who have made an important impact on each of us and Woody Woodman was a special mentor to me and a wonderful friend over the years. 
Some forty-three years ago he placed his 
faith and confidence in me to aid him as Exec-utive Director, as he chaired the Orange County Local Government Study Commission. Woody Woodman helped set the stage for re-organization of Orange County Florida Gov-ernment. Born to Joseph and Ella Woodman in New York City he was raised in Jackson-ville, Florida where he graduated from Lee High School. He was a Florida State Cham-pion sprinter and received a scholarship to the University of Alabama. At Alabama he was a student leader and president of his Sigma Chi Fraternity on three separate occasions. 
After earning his undergraduate Business 
Degree in 1951, he then received a Juris Doc-torate at Alabama. Woody served as a 2nd Lieutenant in the United States Air Force and in the Judge Advocate Division stationed in Scotland. In 1964 Woody moved to Winter Park and joined what was to become the Winderweedle, Haines, Ward and Woodman law firm. He and his late wife, Louise, raised a son and daughter, Doug and Melissa. 
In the legal community, Victor Woodman 
distinguished himself in both Orange County and Florida Bar Associations. He helped lead U.S. Senator Paula Hawkins’ Federal Judicial Nominating Committee. For the past 26 years he has been a Trustee of the Elizabeth Morse Genius and Charles Hosmer Morse Founda-tions in Winter Park. Wood was a member of the Country Club of Orlando where he served 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.009 E25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1361 September 25, 2015 
as a Board Member and President. He was a 
long time member of Rotary and the First Presbyterian Church of Orlando. 
Everyone who met or knew Woody 
Woodman was impressed with his demeanor, wit and wonderful personality. His wise coun-sel to me helped launch my successful profes-sional, business and political career. Woody will truly be missed by all whose lives he touched. While a devoted Alabama fan, Woody’s wife of 37 years, Susan, helped him better appreciate the Florida Gators. 
Thank you again Victor ‘‘Woody’’ Woodman 
for wonderful memories of a wonderful life. To Susan, Doug, Melissa and family, I extend my deepest sympathy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me as I pay tribute to this special friend, community leader and great American. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on 
Wednesday, September 16, Thursday, Sep-tember 17, and Friday, September 18, 2015, I was unable to be present for recorded votes for medical reasons related to my ongoing re-covery from two hip surgeries. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
Yes on roll call vote No. 495 (on the motion 
to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 1214, as amended), 
Yes on roll call vote No. 496 (on the motion 
to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 1949, as amended), 
No on roll call vote No. 497 (on ordering the 
previous question on H. Res. 420), 
No on roll call vote No. 498 (on agreeing to 
the Collins Amendment to H. Res. 420 to waive clause 6(a) of Rule XIII of the House Rules with respect to any resolution reported on the legislative day of September 24, 2015 or September 25, 2015), 
No on roll call vote No. 499 (on agreeing to 
the resolution H. Res. 420, as amended), 
Yes on roll call vote No. 500 (on the motion 
to recommit H.R. 758, with instructions), 
No on roll call vote No. 501 (on passage of 
H.R. 758), 
No on roll call vote No. 502 (on ordering the 
previous question on H. Res. 421), 
No on roll call vote No. 503 (on agreeing to 
the resolution H. Res. 421), 
Yes on roll call vote No. 504 (on the motion 
to recommit H.R. 3134, with instructions), 
No on roll call vote No. 505 (on passage of 
H.R. 3134), 
No on roll call vote No. 506 (on passage of 
H.R. 3504). 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE REPUBLIC OF 
TURKEY IN THEIR FIGHT AGAINST ISIS 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
remind my colleagues of the actions Turkey, a longstanding NATO ally, is taking in the fight 
against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), which has proven to be one of the greatest security challenges of our lifetime. 
In 2013, Turkey designated ISIS and all off-
shoots of al Qaeda as terrorist organizations, including the al Nusra Front. The dangers Tur-key faces have most recently been exempli-fied by the attack on Suruc on July 20, 2015, in which 32 people tragically lost their lives. Just a few days later, ISIS assaulted a border military post in which a Turkish soldier was killed. It is disheartening to see that the Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK) terrorist orga-nization has taken ISIS attacks against Turkey as an opportunity to restart its terrorist cam-paign against civilians and officials. 
Facing these threats, Turkey has become 
an even more active coalition partner against ISIS. Recently, Turkey opened its military base in Incirlik for manned and unmanned co-alition air operations, and has also deployed its own aircraft for air strikes against ISIS tar-gets in Syria. This cooperation has allowed our countries to more effectively combat the threat of ISIS. 
Mr. Speaker, I condemn the terrorist actions 
of ISIS and commend our ally for their furthered commitment in the fight against this terrorist organization. As a former President for the Parliamentary Assembly of the Organi-zation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE PA), I have worked closely with my Turkish counterparts, and know that the inter-national effort has been bolstered by the steps Turkey has taken. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing these tremendous efforts by our ally, as we both move forward to combat the threat of ISIS. 
f 
HONORING JENNIFER TERRA 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Jennifer Terra a physical education and diversity advocate, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Jennifer Terra was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Jennifer Terra is a Physical Edu-
cation instructor at Emerson Jr. High school in Davis who has been organizing Diversity train-ing as part of the Peer Helping program for 24 years. Jennifer brings together junior high stu-dents and guest speakers who have suffered from discrimination, stereotyping, and bullying. The goal is to break down barriers between students and make them more aware of what they say and do and how their words and ac-tions affect the people around them. The day-long trainings take place several times throughout the year and are open to any stu-dent who wishes to participate. Topics cover a wide range of disabling conditions, sexual ori-entation, race, religion, and culture. 
Whereas, Jennifer’s Peer Helping program 
pairs an older student with each incoming 7th grader who monitors them periodically throughout the year and serves as a mentor. Peer Helper’s give Prevention presentations to the 7th graders on alcohol, tobacco, marijuana and stress management. This builds trust and 
role modeling on how to treat themselves and one another with respect. 
Whereas, in Jennifer’s P.E. classes, she es-
tablishes a learning environment at the begin-ning of each year before any physical edu-cation takes place. Her emphasis is on the principles of teamwork as a critical life skill to be utilized well beyond the basketball court. Jennifer’s commitment to the nurturing of car-ing, young people who will in turn grow into a caring community are a reflection of her deep character and hope for a strong bright future. 
Resolved, That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Jennifer Terra. 
f 
HONORING SHEILA ALLEN 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Sheila Allen of Whitewater, Missouri for the selfless and caring attitude that she has shown through her volunteer work. A homecoming event will be held in her honor on September 26, 2015 in St. Louis to celebrate her new role as the State President for the Department of Missouri Veterans of Foreign Wars Auxiliary for 2015–2016. 
As State President, Sheila volunteers her 
time to aid the veterans of our nation and con-vey patriotic education to others. The Auxiliary to the Veterans of Foreign Wars is an organi-zation over 100 years old and works to better our community by serving active-duty military personnel and their families. 
It is my pleasure to recognize Sheila for her 
efforts and service before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ELAINE BOHLING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Elaine Bohling, of Greenfield, Iowa, for being se-lected as Iowan of the Day at the 2015 Iowa State Fair. 
Since 1997, ten nominees each year are 
named Iowan of the Day, receiving a special day of recognition at the Fair. The Iowa State Fair Blue Ribbon Foundation looks for individ-uals across the state who personify the great-ness of Iowa by displaying strong work ethic, loyalty to helping others, and an exceptional sense of Iowa pride, all things easily seen in Elaine. 
Elaine Bohling is known as an advocate for 
youth and an eager volunteer. She volunteers with Living History Farms, Iowa Machine Shed Thanksgiving Dinner, Legion Auxiliary, Des Moines Playhouse, Friends of the Library, 4– H and many more organizations. One of her favorites, though, is the Iowa State Fair, where you can find her working with the Iowa 4–H Foundation, Iowa Egg Council, Iowa Tourism, and Keep Iowa Beautiful. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.011 E25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1362 September 25, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, Elaine’s efforts embody the 
Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her, and Iowans like her, in the United States Con-gress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating Elaine for her achievements and wish her nothing but contin-ued success. 
f 
EXPRESSING OPPOSITION TO H.R. 
3504 AND H.R. 3134 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to register my deep concerns with a pair of bills, H.R. 3504 and H.R. 3134, that were considered by the House last week. Although I was unable to be present to vote against these measures due to a medical appointment related to my recovery from two recent hip surgeries, I remain steadfastly opposed to both bills. 
I am a strong supporter of increasing ac-
cess to family planning and women’s healthcare services. H.R. 3134, passed in the House last week by a vote of 241–187, pro-hibits the federal government from funding Planned Parenthood health centers for one year. This legislation is nothing more than a punitive and intrusive attack on the essential and wide-ranging healthcare services that Planned Parenthood provides. If this bill was signed into law, it would cut off essential health services for millions of women, men, and families across the United States. 
Planned Parenthood serves a total of 2.7 
million patients per year. It is a central pro-vider of equitable access to healthcare for both men and women of underserved commu-nities across the United States. One in five American women will use Planned Parenthood services at some time during her life. In Wash-ington State, more than 103,000 women and men—nearly 65 percent of whom are at or below the poverty line—use Planned Parent-hood for their family planning and basic health needs. If this legislation succeeds, millions of Americans will be stripped of this access. 
Anti-choice rhetoric and controversy has 
surrounded federal funding for Planned Par-enthood because about three percent of the services they provide include abortion serv-ices. Current law already denies Medicaid cov-erage for these services by almost completely barring federal funding, except in very limited circumstances. Ninety percent of the services Planned Parenthood provides are preventative health services, including lifesaving cancer screenings, blood pressure checks, birth con-trol, testing and treatment for sexually trans-mitted infections, and educational efforts to avoid unwanted pregnancies and prevent abortions. Failing to fund Planned Parenthood will greatly diminish access to these services for low income women, men, and families in need of affordable healthcare and preventative screenings. 
H.R. 3504 was also passed in the House 
last week. This bill legislation attempts to ad-vance the anti-choice, anti-health agenda by interfering with important and difficult medical judgments that should be left up to health pro-fessionals. If enacted into law, this bill would apply scare tactics like onerous criminal pen-
alties on doctors and clinicians. These pen-alties are punitive and will intimidate women away from seeking safe, legal, standardized, evidence-based care. This legislation is not a restatement of current ‘‘born-alive’’ law which contained language assuring no interference in a women’s right to terminate a pregnancy. Instead, this bill takes that assurance away from women. This effort signifies the latest at-tempt by extreme Republicans to limit wom-en’s access to safe, legal abortions. I strongly oppose this legislation that politicizes women’s health and interferes in the doctor-patient rela-tionship 
Mr. Speaker, I stand with women across the 
United States to defend their access to com-prehensive reproductive health options, and commend Planned Parenthood for leading in this effort. 
f 
SGT. ALVIN C. YORK—WWI 
AMERICAN SOLDIER 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Sergeant 
York is one of the most decorated American heroes of the 20th century. A Congressional Medal of Honor recipient, he is best remem-bered for his role in a battalion to capture Ger-man positions during an attack in 1918 in the Chatel-Chehery region of France on the war’s Western Front. A German machine gun fire at-tack resulted in the loss of numerous Ameri-cans, leaving York in charge of the seven re-maining soldiers. Leaving his men under cover, Sergeant York ventured out to silence the enemy fire. 
As he describes in his diary: 
Those machine guns were spitting fire and 
cutting down the undergrowth all around me something awful. There were over thirty of them in continuous action, and all I could do was touch the Germans off just as fast as I could. I was sharp shooting . . . All the time I kept yelling at them to come down. I didn’t want to kill any more than I had to. But it was they or I. And I was giving them the best I had. 
York’s courageous assault resulted in 20 
enemy casualties and 132 captures. The young soldier was immediately promoted and awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. Later, he was awarded the Medal of Honor. The citation describes his deeds as ‘‘fearless’’, ‘‘daring’’ and ‘‘heroic’’. 
But while the description is fair, in many 
ways York’s story is not just one of the battle-field and it is worth reflecting on York the man, not the myth. 
A person of deep Christian faith, Sergeant 
York was converted—or as he put it ‘‘saved’’—in his late teens by the Reverend M. H. Russell, known in Tennessee as the ‘‘evan-gelist of the mountains’’. 
While in his youth he admits to being in-
clined to sin, since joining the Church of Christ in Christian Union, York found more righteous pursuits, teaching children scripture and sing-ing in the choir. 
‘‘I am a good deal like Paul,’’ York wrote in 
his diary. ‘‘The things I loved, I now hate.’’ 
When, in 1917, the United States heard the 
call of its allies and joined the war effort, the young churchgoer and singer received a note 
requiring him to report to his local board. 
Despite rising to be a military hero, York 
was unsure whether the war was just, torn be-tween the pacifism of his faith and patriotism for his country. 
‘‘I was bothered a plenty as to whether it 
was right or wrong,’’ he wrote. ‘‘I knew that if it was right, everything would be all right.’’ 
‘‘And I also knew that if it was wrong and 
we were only fighting for a bunch of for-eigners, it would all be wrong. And I prayed and prayed. I prayed two whole days and a night out on the mountainside. And I received my assurance direct from God . . . that it was all right, and that I was coming back.’’ 
Well Sergeant York did come back and the 
people of Tennessee should be very pleased. 
Following the war, York returned to the re-
gion of his boyhood in the Wolf River valley of Tennessee and committed himself to public service. A national figure upon his return, he turned down offers for endorsements, public appearances and even the movie rights to his life, instead turning attention to the needs of his local community. 
He lobbied the Tennessee State Legislature 
for funds for education and infrastructure and in 1926 established a school in Fentress County, which still stands today. 
When asked how he wanted to be remem-
bered, Sergeant York responded simply: ‘‘For improving education in Tennessee’’. 
We remember him for much more than that 
today—for his patriotic service of his nation and God. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING JANE JOHNSON 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Jane Johnson a com-munity organizer and mental health advocate, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Jane Johnson was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Jane Johnson has been working 
in the nonprofit field in Solana County for 30 years. Originally from San Mateo County, Jane was part of the team that moved Marine World Africa USA from Redwood City to Vallejo, CA in 1985. Her passion for educating children about our world’s wildlife continues but has taken a bit of a back seat to providing services to at-risk children in Solano County. 
Whereas, in 1989, Jane left Marine World to 
join the Girl Scouts. Under her tenure as CEO of the Girl Scout Council of Napa-Solano, the local organization was recognized nationally for its service to girls in underserved commu-nities. Outreach programs focusing on self-es-teem, empowerment, and job skills grew to in-clude services in every low-income housing project in both Napa and Solano counties, ju-venile hall sites in both counties, teen par-enting programs, and a battered women’s shelter. 
Whereas, Jane currently provides leadership 
as the Executive Director to Solano County’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.016 E25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1363 September 25, 2015 
largest children’s mental health service pro-
vider, Child Haven. She brings to the organi-zation a solid business background, with a commitment to professionalism and a drive for excellence. Under her leadership, the agency has increased service contracts by 61%, diver-sified funding streams, and grown in cultural diversity, thus allowing local families greater access to mental health services. Collabora-tion and shared responsibility for our commu-nity is integral in Jane’s management style. Jane is proud to have served on the leader-ship team bringing a Family Justice Center to Solano County, thus creating a single en-trance to services for domestic violence vic-tims, young and old. 
Resolved, That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Jane Johnson. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE M CGARGILL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate George McGargill of Imogene, Iowa for being inducted into the ‘‘America’s Old Time Country Music Hall of Fame.’’ The Hall of Fame is celebrating its 40th anniversary this year and was estab-lished as part of the Pioneer Music Museum in Anita, Iowa. 
George has performed country music for the 
past 30 years. He has written over 50 songs and has produced 4 CDs. George joins a host of other performers, including Patti Page, Johnny Cash, June Carter Cash, the Everly Brothers, Hank Williams, Sr., and the Carter Family as inductees into America’s Old Time Country Music Hall of Fame. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend and congratulate 
George for his many years of providing and performing country music locally and through-out the State of Iowa. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating George and wishing him nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE ROCK 
CREEK NATIONAL PARK ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, September 27, 
2015 marks the 125th anniversary of Rock Creek Park, and to celebrate, today, I intro-duce a bill to redesignate the National Park Service-owned Rock Creek Park, in the Dis-trict of Columbia, as ‘‘Rock Creek National Park.’’ Renaming this park will highlight its sig-nificance to the nation, including visitors to the nation’s capital, and encourage more daily use and involvement with the park’s beautiful trails, waterways and features by residents of the District of Columbia. 
Rock Creek Park is a historically rich park, 
established by Congress in 1890 ‘‘for the ben-efit and enjoyment of the people of the United 
States,’’ and is the oldest urban park and the third federal park ever created, after Yellow-stone and Sequoia. Rock Creek Park was de-signed to preserve animals, timber, forestry, and other interests in the park, and to ensure that its natural state is maintained as much as possible. 
Over time, several structures have been es-
tablished or donated to further preserve Rock Creek Park. In 1892, for example, the federal government acquired Peirce Mill in Rock Creek Park, one of the mills used by local farmers during the 18th, 19th, and 20th cen-turies. In 1950, the Old Stone House, located at 3051 M Street NW, with its great pre-Revo-lutionary War architectural merit, was ac-quired. The building was restored, and pro-grams explain the house’s rich history from the colonial period to the present day. The Fort Circle Parks were also acquired to inter-pret and preserve the Civil War Defenses of Washington, which created a ring of protection for the nation’s capital during the Civil War. 
Today, Rock Creek Park offers District of 
Columbia, Maryland, and Northern Virginia residents an escape from urban living. Resi-dents and tourists alike also enjoy many activi-ties in the park’s 2,000 acres, including hiking and bike riding on the historical trails, horse-back riding, picnicking, tennis, and other rec-reational activities in some of the open fields. Moreover, residents are involved in the clean-up and maintenance of the trails and water-ways. The Rock Creek Conservancy works di-rectly with the National Park Service and is dedicated to protecting and promoting the en-tirety of the Rock Creek watershed through conservation, recreation, and education pro-grams. 
Redesignating Rock Creek Park as Rock 
Creek National Park will help the National Park Service, the Rock Creek Conservancy, area residents, and visitors to recognize the national status of the park and protect and re-vitalize this remarkable resource in our na-tion’s capital. It is fitting that we recognize the historical significance of Rock Creek Park on its 125th birthday by using the occasion to re-name it Rock Creek National Park. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation. 
f 
HONORING KEN FIEBELMAN 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Mr. Ken Fiebelman for his ex-emplary work with the Dent County Historical Society and service as a member of the Mis-souri State House of Representatives. On Sunday September 27, Mr. Fiebelman will be honored with a lifetime achievement award for his time at the Dent County Historical Society. 
Mr. Fiebelman served as the Dent County 
Genealogist and Historian for nearly half a century. He also served for six terms as a member of the Missouri State House of Rep-resentatives where, among his many notable accomplishments, he led the effort to des-ignate the fiddle as Missouri’s state musical in-strument. During his time as a state represent-ative, Ken succeeded in establishing Highway 19 as a scenic highway and securing the con-
struction of Highway 72. 
Ken is the epitome of a community leader 
and historian and it is my pleasure to recog-nize him for his accomplishments before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GERALD AND NADINE 
PECK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Gerald and Nadine Peck of Avoca, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anni-versary. Gerald and Nadine were married in 1950. 
Gerald and Nadine’s lifelong commitment to 
each other, their children and grandchildren truly embodies our Iowa values. I commend this devoted couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I know my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. I wish them and their family nothing but the best moving for-ward. 
f 
LIFE OF WILLIAM C. WAGGONER 
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, today I rise to honor the life of Wil-liam C. Waggoner. 
William C. Waggoner is the first Vice Presi-
dent of the International Union of Operating Engineers (IUOE). He served as the Western States Director and Business Manager for Local 12. Organized labor in the state of Cali-fornia has benefited from Mr. Waggoner’s leadership and influence. 
The International Union of Operating Engi-
neers (IUOE) was founded in 1896. IUOE today has approximately 400,000 members in 123 local unions throughout the United States and Canada. 
IUOE is the 10th largest union in the Amer-
ican Federation of Labor and Congress of In-dustrial Organizations. 
In 1970, Mr. Waggoner was elected to serve 
as President of Local 12. From 1976–2012, Mr. Waggoner served as the Business Man-ager of his chapter. As a District Representa-tive, he was able to advocate on behalf of members. 
Members of Local 12 recall Mr. Waggoner’s 
influence on the union movement with grati-tude and admiration. 
Mr. Waggoner dedicated his life to advanc-
ing the principles of organized labor. Under his leadership Local 12 developed a nationally recognized apprenticeship training program. 
Mr. Waggoner established a legacy in the 
realm of organized labor. 
His commitment to protecting the rights, 
wages, and benefits of working people has bettered the lives of working men and women. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.019 E25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1364 September 25, 2015 
HONORING JAN MEYER 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Jan Meyer a youth advocate, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Jan Meyer was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Jan Meyer is the Parks and 
Recreation Director for the City of Live Oak. For the past 15 years, city residents have been delighted to learn that there are no limits to Jan’s imagination and determination to de-sign and implement programs tailored espe-cially for them. 
Whereas, Jan works collaboratively with 
schools and service and civic clubs to provide athletic programs to children and adults. She coordinates with these same organizations, local businesses, Live Oak’s Chamber of Commerce, the Arts Commission, and Police and Fire departments to provide annual events including the National Night Out, Small Town Christmas, and the Live Oak Fall Festival. 
Whereas, ensuring the recreational needs of 
Live Oak’s youth are met is where Jan really shines. During the summer months, the com-munity pool is a beehive of activity with enter-tainment, games, treats, and themed events. Jan has created scholarship opportunities for all youth programs, including Pool Passes based on family income, so that no Live Oak child is turned away for the inability to pay. At the beginning of each school year, Jan works with service clubs to ensure that local students have the school supplies they need. If this or any other program falls short, she always finds a way to make up for the shortfall. 
Whereas, every child of Live Oak is deserv-
ing of a safe community to play and grow in. What is special about Jan is that her heart holds each and every one of Live Oak’s chil-dren within it. 
Resolved, that I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Jan Meyer. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HANNAH JORGENSEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Hannah Jorgensen of Adair, Iowa for receiving a state 4–H citizenship project award. Hannah is the daughter of Paul and Jeanette Jorgensen. 
A state 4–H project award is the highest 
achievement one can receive in the 4–H project work category. Project awards are given to youth who demonstrate leadership, communication, and volunteerism in certain project areas. A total of 152 youth from 55 counties competed for these project awards on the state level. Achieving this honor is a true testament to Hannah’s dedication to serv-ing others, and I commend her for her hard work. Mr. Speaker, Hannah’s actions embody the 
Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratu-lating Hannah on her achievement and I wish her and her family nothing but the best. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND CONGRATU-
LATING CALVO’S SELECT CARE ON ITS 15TH ANNIVERSARY OF SERVICE ON GUAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize and congratulate Calvo’s Select Care as the company celebrates its 15th anni-versary of business and service to the people of Guam. Calvo’s Select Care began oper-ations in Guam in 2000 with the plan originally insured by Nichido Insurance. The plan is now insured by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance (TMPI), a local company formed by the merg-er of Nichido Insurance and Tokio Marine. 
Calvo’s Select Care has its main office in 
Guam and has branches in the Northern Mar-iana Islands, Palau and service offices in the Philippines. Calvo’s Select Care has experi-enced steady growth over the years. Signifi-cant expansion of Calvo’s Select Care was signified with the opening of its office in Koror, Palau in 2006 and its service office in Manila, Philippines in 2007. In 2008 Calvo’s Select Care became the sole provider of health insur-ance benefits for the government of Guam employees and in 2013 was approved to offer health insurance benefits to federal employees and annuitants. The company insures over 38,000 members from government of Guam employees and retirees, federal employees and annuitants, and commercial groups throughout Guam, CNMI and Palau. 
Calvo’s Select Care provides an extensive 
network of medical providers to its members in Guam, the CNMI, Palau, the mainland United States, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and the Philippines. The company is also in-novative and offers unique plans to meet the variety of needs of its members. Calvo’s Se-lect Care introduced the first web based appli-cation in Guam for its members to use. They also introduced wellness programs in partner-ship with clinics and fitness facilities. Calvo’s Select Care also offers free gym benefits to government of Guam employees and dis-counted gym memberships for its commercial groups. In addition to gym access, these wellness programs include smoking cessation and diabetes management. Calvo’s Select Care introduced the Air Ambulance discount program to its members. The program has been a success and has saved over 10 lives on island since it started. Additionally, the company plans on launching a mobile applica-tion to provide better service and make things more consumer friendly. 
I congratulate Calvo’s Select Care on its 
15th anniversary and commend the company’s leadership and all employees for their con-tributions to the community of Guam and throughout the region. I look forward to their future contributions and success. HONORING GRACIELA ESPINDOLA 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Graciela Espindola a youth advocate, and one of my district’s 2015 Woman of the Year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Graciela Espindola was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the Year. 
Whereas, Graciela Espindola is the Program 
Coordinator of the Intervention and Prevention Programs that she founded and established for the Sutter County Superintendent of Schools Office in Yuba City, California. She has over 30 years of professional experience in educational systems and structures with an emphasis in social work. 
Whereas, throughout her years of experi-
ence, Graciela has chaired several local and state organizations including President of the California Association of Child Welfare and At-tendance organization, Chair of the Pupil Services Coalition, and California Delegate of the International Association for Truancy & Dropout Prevention. She has also served on the California Department of Education’s K–12 Student Mental Health Initiative Advisory Board, School Attendance Review Board, and the Gang Risk Intervention Program. 
Whereas, Graciela has a certification in 
Counseling Vocational Assessment & Career Counseling from Chapman College and Human Resources and Management from the California State University, Sacramento. She is currently a Masters in Social Work can-didate at the University of Southern Califor-nia’s dual Social Work and Global Policy PhD program. In addition, Graciela is also a suc-cessful grant writer and project manager, se-curing more than $7 million in grant funds dur-ing her career. 
Resolved, that I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Graciela Espindola. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HAROLD AND JERE 
TIARKS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Harold and Jere Tiarks of Treynor, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. Harold and Jere were married on September 10, 1955 in Council Bluffs, Iowa. 
Harold and Jere’s lifelong commitment to 
each other, their children, and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. I commend this devoted couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. I wish them and their family nothing but the best moving for-ward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.025 E25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1365 September 25, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATION 
AND HONORABLE SERVICE OF CAPTAIN GREGORY M. ‘‘MARK’’ BEAVERS, UNITED STATES NAVY 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize Captain Gregory M. ‘‘Mark’’ Bea-vers, for his nearly three decades of honorable service in the United States Navy Medical Service Corps and to our great Nation on the occasion of his retirement as Director of the Armed Forces Pest Management Board, Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary of Defense, En-ergy, Installations, and Environment, U.S. Army Garrison Forest Glen, Silver Spring, Maryland, August 1, 2015. 
Upon receiving his Bachelor of Science in 
Biology in 1980 from James Madison Univer-sity and a Master of Science in Entomology from the University of Florida in 1983, Captain Beavers served the State of Florida as a Bio-logical Technician at the Citrus Research and Education Center in Lake Alfred. In 1985, he answered the call to serve our Nation and re-ceived his direct commission in the United States Navy. 
As a naval officer and entomologist, his mili-
tary duty stations spanned the globe and in-cluded the Navy Disease Vector Ecology and Control Center, Alameda, California, and Navy Environmental and Preventive Medicine Unit Number Five, San Diego, California. In 1990, he was transferred to U.S. Naval Hospital in Subic Bay, Philippines, where he served in a vital role as Head of the Preventive Medicine Department and the Entomology Division. 
Following his tour of duty in the Philippines, 
which saw the volcanic eruption of Mount Pinatubo, he was selected for the Navy’s Duty Under Instruction program, and in 1996, re-ceived his Doctor of Philosophy in Entomology at the University of Kentucky. From there, Captain Beavers reported to Naval Medical Research Unit Number Three in Cairo, Egypt, where he served for nearly four years as a re-search entomologist and then assumed the position of Officer in Charge, Navy Disease Vector Ecology and Control Center in Jack-sonville, Florida. In 2002, Captain Beavers was assigned to Pensacola, Florida, where he would establish his roots as a resident of the greater Gulf Coast, and served as the Execu-tive Officer of Naval Aerospace Medical Re-search Laboratory and as the Navy Surgeon General’s Specialty Leader for Navy Ento-mology. In 2005, he reported to Maryland’s Naval Medical Research Center where he was tasked as the Navy Medical Research and De-velopment Liaison to the U.S. Army Medical Materiel Research and Materiel Command at Fort Detrick, Maryland. Due to his extensive experience and proven leadership, he was ap-pointed by the Commanding General of U.S. Army Medical Materiel Research and Materiel Command as Director of the Department of Defense’s Military Infectious Diseases Re-search Program. In 2009, Captain Beavers re-ported to the Armed Forces Pest Management Board as Chief of the Information Services Di-vision, and in 2012, he was appointed the 16th Director of the Armed Forces Pest Man-agement Board. 
According to those who were fortunate to 
have served with him throughout his pres-tigious and impressive military career and as 
evidenced by his numerous awards and acco-lades, including the Defense Superior Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal (4 awards), the Navy and Marine Corps Com-mendation Medal (2 awards), and the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal (4 awards), in addition to other individual and unit service awards, Captain Beavers served with honor and distinction, and as a grateful Na-tion, we owe him our gratitude. 
On behalf of the United States Congress, I 
sincerely thank Captain Beavers, the proud son of William Julian and Betty Jean Beavers and brother to Stephen Michael and Paul David Beavers, for his admirable military serv-ice. My wife Vicki joins me in wishing him con-tinued success as he turns to the next chapter in his life. We also want to recognize and thank his wife Carol and sons, James and Mi-chael for their many sacrifices and support as a dedicated and loving Navy Family. May God continue to bless the entire Beavers family and all of our men and women in uniform who have bravely answered the call to defend our great Nation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KEN TYLER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Ken Tyler of Council Bluffs, Iowa, who recently retired from the Pottawattamie County Attorney’s of-fice after over 40 years of service. 
Ken served as an assistant county attorney 
and was the longest-serving member in the County Attorney’s office. He started his career in 1973 and helped prosecute cases during five different decades. Ken attended Abraham Lincoln High School in Council Bluffs and Creighton University Law School in Omaha, Nebraska. 
Mr. Speaker, Ken made a difference by 
helping and serving others. It is truly an honor to represent Iowans like Ken who have dedi-cated their lives to improving our great state. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in honoring his accomplishments. I thank him for his serv-ice to Pottawattamie County, Iowa, and wish him and his family all the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING GLORIA FLAHERTY 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the work of Gloria Flaherty, a child and family advocate, and one of my dis-trict’s 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, on the Twenty-Second Day of 
September, of the Year Two Thousand and Fifteen, Gloria Flaherty was recognized as a 2015 Woman of the year. 
Whereas, Gloria is the founding Director of 
the Lake Family Resource Center. Lake FRC is a family resource, referral, and support cen-ter that has grown to serve 1,400 families and 4,500 individuals annually. Under Gloria’s 
leadership, it has acquired independent facili-ties and expanded programs. 
Whereas, as a member of the Kelseyville 
School Board, Gloria helped establish the first Education Foundation in Lake County. She also assisted with the development and oper-ation of a Domestic Violence Shelter in Lake County. 
Whereas, Gloria has also served many 
years on First 5 and helped to secure funding for the Early Head Start program. 
Whereas, two winters ago, Lake County ex-
perienced a severe drop in temperature that was adversely affecting the homeless popu-lation in Clearlake. Gloria responded without delay and opened a ‘‘Warming Center’’ at one of the Lake FRC locations to provide shelter and respite. Gloria had no budget or supplies at the time, but she opened the doors of the center immediately, secured food donations, cots, and volunteer staff. She pulled it to-gether, because it was the right thing to do. The Warming Center remained open for 2 months until the weather abated and home-less families were spared additional suffering because of her Can Do spirit and responsive action. 
Resolved, That I Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI of California’s Third Congressional 
District, do hereby recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Gloria Flaherty. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE DUNN LORING WOODS CIVIC ASSOCIATION 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 25, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-
gratulate Dunn Loring Woods Civic Associa-tion on the occasion of its 50th Anniversary. 
Located in the heart of Fairfax County and 
the 11th Congressional District of Virginia, the Dunn Loring Woods neighborhood consists of approximately 550 homes situated on about 300 acres. By the summer of 1964, construc-tion of the homes was complete. The next spring, residents formed the Dunn Loring Woods Civic Association (DLWCA) to enable the community to speak with one voice on local issues and seek improvements in the neighborhood. DLWCA also operates an ac-tive Neighborhood Watch program which helps to ensure the area remains safe and that neighbors stay connected. Neighbors can communicate with each other through DLWCA’s website, blog, and social media platforms. 
Dunn Loring Woods is known as an excep-
tionally warm, friendly, and welcoming neigh-borhood. Many of the original owners still re-side there, and those who have moved often return to attend community events such as block parties. Residents tell stories of young residents helping their elderly neighbors, and civic association meetings that more closely resemble friends stopping in to chat. 
Each year, the DLWCA presents the Ed-
ward P. Day Citizenship Award to an indi-vidual in recognition of his or her service to Dunn Loring Woods and the surrounding com-munity. I am pleased to congratulate Joe Mur-phy for receiving this honor for 2015. Joe is an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.030 E25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1366 September 25, 2015 
original owner and for 38 years spearheaded 
the Syracuse Circle block party. While several blocks or cul-de-sacs have their own long standing traditions, nothing compared to the parties that Joe threw. Joe’s enthusiasm, en-ergy, and creativity epitomize the personality of Dunn Loring Woods. 
Always looking to the future, 5 years ago 
the DLWCA established a scholarship pro-gram. This program provides a $500 scholar-ship to a local high school senior who has demonstrated good citizenship and commit-ment to the community. I congratulate Emily 
Reinhart, a senior at Marshall High School, for being the winner of the 2015 scholarship. Emily is a scholar-athlete, has earned the Girl Scout Silver Award, is a member of the Na-tional Art Honor Society, and is active in Stop Hunger Now, which packages meals to be 
sent to more than 63 countries. 
As the former president of my own civic as-
sociation, I know firsthand that when residents invest their time, care, and energies in their communities, it benefits all. Fairfax County is considered one of the best places in the na-
tion in which to work, live, and raise a family, largely because of the willingness of so many to become actively involved. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in congratulating the Dunn Loring Woods Civic Association on its 50th anniversary and in thanking all of the residents for their tireless efforts and dedication to the community and region. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.033 E25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1012 Friday, September 25, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6951–S6959 
Measures Introduced: Two bills were introduced, 
as follows: S. 2081–2082.                                      Page S6955 
Measures Passed: 
Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Au-
thorities Act: Senate passed S. 2082, to amend title 
38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                       Page S6955–59 
Gardner (for Lee) Amendment No. 2700, to pro-
hibit the transfer of amounts from the Veterans Choice Fund to fund the increase of the authoriza-
tion to carry out the medical facility construction project of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado.
                                                      Page S6956 
Nuclear Weapons Program Workers Day of Re-
membrance: Committee on the Judiciary was dis-
charged from further consideration of S. Res. 213, designating October 30, 2015, as a national day of remembrance for nuclear weapons program workers, and the resolution was then agreed to.
           Page S6959 
TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act— Agreement: A unanimous consent agreement was 
reached providing that at approximately 4:30 p.m., on Monday, September 28, 2015, Senate resume con-sideration of the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Security Adminis-tration to conform to existing Federal law and regu-lations regarding criminal investigator positions, with the time until the vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McCon-nell Amendment No. 2689, equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees.
                 Page S6959 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6954 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S6954–55 
Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S6955 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S6954 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S6955 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 1:42 p.m., until 4:30 p.m. on Monday, September 28, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6959.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3610–3619; and 3 resolutions, and H. Res. 441–443 were introduced.
                 Pages H6259–60 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6260–61 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 702, to adapt to changing crude oil market 
conditions, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–267, Part 1).
                                                                            Page H6259 
RAPID Act: The House passed H.R. 348, to pro-
vide for improved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of environmental docu-ments for permitting determinations, by a recorded 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE5.REC D25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1013 September 25, 2015 
vote of 233 ayes to 170 noes, Roll No. 518. Consid-
eration began yesterday, September 24th. 
                                                                                    Pages H6232–56 
Rejected the Kuster motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 175 ayes to 229 noes, Roll No. 517.
                                Pages H6254–55 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–26 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule.
                                                        Page H6232 
Agreed to: Marino amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 
114–261) that includes revisions to clarify that the bill is not intended to allow for duplicative agency review proceedings; duplicative project-notification and initiation-of-agency-review procedures; or, chal-lenges to a permitting decision brought in court by parties who were not also parties to the administra-tive proceedings that produced the challenged deci-sion;
                                                                          Pages H6235–36 
Grijalva amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 
114–261) that requires an evaluation of each alter-native in an environmental impact statement or en-vironmental assessment to identify potential effects on low-income communities and communities of color (by a recorded vote of 320 ayes to 88 noes, Roll No. 509); and
                       Pages H6237–38, H6248–49 
Gosar amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 
114–261) that seeks to prohibit federal agencies from following the draft guidance entitled ‘‘the Re-vised Draft Guidance for Federal Departments and Agencies on Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emis-sions and the Effects of Climate change in NEPA Reviews’’, issued by the Council on Environmental Quality (by a recorded vote of 223 ayes to 186 noes, Roll No. 514).
                                 Pages H6242–43, H6251–52 
Rejected: Lowenthal amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 
114–261) that sought to prevent further evaluation or adoption of an alternative that does not ade-quately address risks associated with flooding, wild-fire, and climate change (by a recorded vote of 170 ayes to 228 noes, Roll No. 508); 
                                                                Pages H6236–37, H6247–48 
Gallego amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 
114–261) that sought to grant deadline extensions if requested by a state or local elected official or a local tribal official (by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 230 noes, Roll No. 510);
                                Pages H6238, H6249 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 5 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–261) that sought to strike the bill provi-sion that deems approved any project for which the reviewing agency does not issue the requested permit or license within 90–120 days (by a recorded vote 
of 173 ayes to 237 noes, Roll No. 511); 
                                                                Pages H6238–40, H6249–50 
Dingell amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 
114–261) that sought to prevent a project from being approved under the timeline set forth in the bill if the project would limit access to or opportu-nities for hunting or fishing, or impact an endan-gered or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act (by a recorded vote of 187 ayes to 223 noes, Roll No. 512);
                    Pages H6240–41, H6250–51 
Peters amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 
114–261) that sought to strike section k that pro-hibits agencies from using the social cost of carbon in an environmental review or environmental deci-sion making process (by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 229 noes, Roll No. 513);
           Pages H6241–42, H6251 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 9 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–261) that sought to preserve the current law relating to the permitting projects that could be a potential target for a terrorist attack or that in-volves chemical facilities and other critical infrastruc-ture (by a recorded vote of 176 ayes to 232 noes, Roll 515); and
                                 Pages H6243–44, H6252–53 
Johnson (GA) amendment (No. 10 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–261) that sought to add rule of construc-tion clarifying that nothing in the bill would have the effect of changing or limiting any law or regula-tion requiring agencies to allow public comment or public participation in their decision-making process (by a recorded vote of 176 ayes to 232 noes, Roll 
No. 516).
                                           Pages H6246–47, H6253–54 
H. Res. 420, amended, the rule providing for con-
sideration of the bills (H.R. 348) and (H.R. 758) was agreed to on September 17th. 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Newhouse wherein he resigned from the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
                                                                                            Page H6256 
Committee Election: The House agreed to H. Res. 
442, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
              Page H6256 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, September 28th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H6256 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today appears on page H6247. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Eleven recorded votes devel-
oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6248, H6248–49, H6249, H6250, H6250–51, H6251, H6251–52, H6252–53, H6253, H6255, H6255–56. There were no quorum calls. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE5.REC D25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1014 September 25, 2015 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 12:26 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
BROADCASTING OWNERSHIP IN THE 21ST CENTURY 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Broadcasting Ownership in the 21st Cen-tury’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE HEARING ON VIN DATABASE 
AND AUTO WHISTLEBLOWER BILLS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Hearing on VIN Database and Auto Whistleblower Bills’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D946) 
H.R. 720, to improve intergovernmental planning 
for and communication during security incidents at domestic airports. Signed on September 24, 2015. (Public Law 114–50) 
S. 1359, to allow manufacturers to meet warranty 
and labeling requirements for consumer products by displaying the terms of warranties on Internet websites. Signed on September 24, 2015. (Public Law 114–51) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 28, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Rules Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
3495, the ‘‘Women’s Public Health and Safety Act’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of September 28 through October 2, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Monday , at 4:30 p.m., Senate will resume con-
sideration of the amendment of the House of Rep-resentatives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 
719, TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act. At 5:30 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McCon-
nell Amendment No. 2689. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: September 29, Sub-
committee on Department of Homeland Security, to hold hearings to examine the Transportation Security Adminis-tration’s efforts to address inspector general findings, 11:15 a.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Armed Services: September 29, to hold hear-
ings to examine United States Cybersecurity policy and threats; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
October 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine the procurement, acquisition, testing, and oversight of the Navy’s Gerald R. Ford -class aircraft carrier program, 
9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Sep-
tember 29, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Adewale Adeyemo, of California, and Amias Moore Gerety, of Connecticut, both to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, and Jay Neal Lerner, of Illinois, to be Inspector General, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
September 30, Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, 
and Investment, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Securities Investor Protection Corporation, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
October 1, Full Committee, business meeting to mark 
up an original bill entitled, ‘‘American Crude Oil Export Equality Act’’, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sep-
tember 29, Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine pipeline safety, focusing on oversight of our nation’s pipeline network, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: October 1, 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining, to hold hearings to examine S. 2031, to reduce temporarily the royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: September 
29, to hold hearings to examine economy-wide implica-tions of President Obama’s air agenda, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
September 30, Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and 
Wildlife, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Army Corps of Engineers’ participation in the develop-ment of the new regulatory definition of ‘‘Waters of the United States’’, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE5.REC D25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1015 September 25, 2015 
Committee on Finance: September 29, to hold hearings to 
examine financial and economic challenges in Puerto Rico, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
October 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine improper payments in Federal programs, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: September 29, to hold 
hearings to examine the United States role and strategy in the Middle East, focusing on the humanitarian crisis, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
September 29, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, 
and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine the changing landscape of United States- China Relations, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
September 30, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings 
to examine the economic crisis in Ukraine, 2 p.m., S–116, Capitol. 
October 1, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider the nominations of Scott Allen, of Maryland, to be United States Director of the European Bank for Recon-struction and Development, Ann Calvaresi Barr, of Mary-land, to be Inspector General, United States Agency for International Development, Barbara Lee, of California, and Christopher H. Smith, of New Jersey, both to be a Representative of the United States of America to the Seventieth Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations, and Carolyn Patricia Alsup, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of The Gambia, John L. Estrada, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, David R. Gilmour, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Togolese Republic, Jeffrey J. Haw-kins, Jr., of California, to be Ambassador to the Central African Republic, Edwin Richard Nolan, Jr., of Massa-chusetts, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Suriname, David Malcolm Robinson, of Connecticut, to be an As-sistant Secretary of State (Conflict and Stabilization Oper-ations), and to be Coordinator for Reconstruction and Sta-bilization, Daniel H. Rubinstein, of Virginia, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Tunisia, Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Benin, Jennifer Ann Haverkamp, of Indiana, to be Assistant Sec-retary of State for Oceans and International Environ-mental and Scientific Affairs, and Roberta S. Jacobson, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the United Mexican States, all of the Department of State; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the civil nuclear agree-ment in South Korea, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
October 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nominations of Robert Porter Jackson, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Ghana, Harry K. Thomas, Jr., of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Zimbabwe, Julie Furuta-Toy, of Wyoming, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, and Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea, all of the Department of State, 2 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Sep-
tember 30, business meeting to consider S. 799, to com-bat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal absti-nence syndrome, S. 1893, to reauthorize and improve programs related to mental health and substance use dis-orders, S. 481, to amend the Controlled Substances Act 
and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with re-spect to drug scheduling recommendations by the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical testing, and other pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
October 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine achieving the promise of health information tech-nology, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
September 30, to hold hearings to examine the Depart-ment of Education and student achievement, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
September 30, Subcommittee on Federal Spending 
Oversight and Emergency Management, to hold hearings to examine end of the year spending, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: September 30, to hold hear-
ings to examine the nominations of Brian R. Martinotti, and Julien Xavier Neals, both to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of New Jersey, Robert F. Rossiter, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska, and Edward L. Stanton III, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
October 1, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider S. 1814, to withhold certain Federal funding from sanctuary cities, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
October 1, Subcommittee on Immigration and the Na-
tional Interest, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Administration’s FY 2016 refugee resettlement pro-gram, including fiscal and security implications, 2 p.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: October 
1, to hold hearings to examine the significant costs and related burdens for small businesses resulting from the Gold King Mine waste water spill near Silverton, Colo-rado, 10 a.m., SR–428A. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: September 29, to hold 
hearings to examine the impact of exposure to toxic chemicals on veterans and the VA’s response, 10 a.m., SR–418. 
September 30, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the nomination of Michael Herman Michaud, of Maine, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: September 29, to hold 
closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
September 30, Full Committee, to receive a closed 
briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
October 1, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
Special Committee on Aging: September 30, to hold hear-
ings to examine pension advances, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, September 29, Subcommittee 
on Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research, hearing to highlight research innovations achieved by our nation’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE5.REC D25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1016 September 25, 2015 
agricultural colleges and universities, 10 a.m., 1300 
Longworth. 
September 30, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. 
International Food Aid Programs: Stakeholder Perspec-tives’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Armed Services, September 29, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Outside Perspectives on the De-partment of Defense Cyber Strategy’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Ray-burn. 
September 29, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projec-
tion Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘USAF Bomber Force Struc-ture—current requirements and future vision’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
September 30, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Im-
plementing the Department of Defense Cyber Strategy’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
October 1, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection 
Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Public Shipyards to More Effectively Meet Navy Operational Requirements’’, 8 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, September 29, 
Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions, hearing on H.R. 3459, the ‘‘Protecting Local Busi-ness Opportunity Act’’, 10 a.m., 2261 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, September 29, Sub-
committee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘An Overdue Checkup: Examining the ACA’s State Insurance Marketplaces’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
September 29, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufac-
turing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Disrupter Series: How the Sharing Economy Creates Jobs, Benefits Con-sumers, and Raises Policy Questions’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
October 1, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled 
‘‘Examining Potential Ways to Improve the Medicare Program’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
October 1, Subcommittee on Environment and the 
Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘Transporting Nuclear Mate-rials: Design, Logistics, and Shipment’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, September 29, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Semi-Annual Report of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
September 29, Subcommittee on Housing and Insur-
ance, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of Domestic Regu-latory Standards on the U.S. Insurance Market’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, September 29, Sub-
committee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Counterterrorism Efforts in Syria: A Winning Strategy?’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
September 30, Full Committee, hearing entitled 
‘‘Cyber War: Definitions, Deterrence, and Foreign Pol-icy’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
September 30, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, 
Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Ridding Central Africa of Joseph Kony: Continuing U.S. Support’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. September 30, Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and 
Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘The Threat of Islamist Extremism in Russia’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, September 30, Full 
Committee, markup on H.R. 3102, the ‘‘Airport Access Control Security Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3144, the ‘‘Partners for Aviation Security Act’’; H.R. 3350, the ‘‘Know the CBRN Terrorism Threats to Transportation Act’’; H.R. 3361, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Insider Threat and Mitigation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3490, the ‘‘Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act’’; H.R. 3493, the ‘‘Securing the Cities Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3503, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Sup-port to Fusion Centers Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3505, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Clearance Manage-ment and Administration Act’’; H.R. 3510, the ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security Cybersecurity Strategy Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3572, the ‘‘DHS Headquarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3578, the ‘‘DHS Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3583, the ‘‘Promoting Resilience and Effi-ciency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emer-gencies Act’’; H.R. 3584, the ‘‘Transportation Security Administration Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3586, the ‘‘Border and Maritime Coordination Im-provement Act’’; and the ‘‘Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, September 29, Subcommittee 
on the Constitution and Civil Justice, hearing on H.R. ———, the ‘‘Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act of 2015’’, 11:30 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. 
September 29, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, 
Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Healthy Competition? An Examination of the Proposed Health In-surance Mergers and the Consequent Impact on Competi-tion’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, September 29, Sub-
committee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘The Potential Implications of Pending Marine National Monument Designations’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
September 29, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘State, Local, and Tribal Approaches to For-est Management: Lessons for Better Management of our Federal Forests’’, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
September 29, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and 
Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 286, the ‘‘Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians Restoration Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 872, the ‘‘Thomasina E. Jordan Indian Tribes of Virginia Federal Recognition Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
September 30, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Re-
specting State Authority, Responsibilities and Expertise Regarding Resource Management and Energy Develop-ment’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, September 
29, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Planned Parent-hood’s Taxpayer Funding’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
September 30, Subcommittee on Transportation and 
Public Assets, hearing entitled ‘‘Status of Toll Interoper-ability’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE5.REC D25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1017 September 25, 2015 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, September 29, 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Astrobiology and the Search for Life Beyond Earth in the Next Decade’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
September 30, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Dys-
lexia and the Need to READ: H.R. 3033, the Research Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia Act’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, September 29, Sub-
committee on Contracting and Workforce; and Sub-committee on Investigations, Oversight and Regulations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Blacklist: Are Small Busi-nesses Guilty Until Proven Innocent?’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, September 
30, Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘The Great Lakes Restoration Initiative: 
A Review of the Progress and Challenges in Restoring the Great Lakes’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means, September 29, Full Com-
mittee, markup on legislative proposals in response to the reconciliation directive included in section 2002 of S. Con. Res. 11, 10:15 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
September 30, Subcommittee on Oversight, hearing on 
the Department of Labor’s proposed fiduciary rule, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: September 30, to hold hear-
ings to examine financing higher education, focusing on exploring current challenges and potential alternatives, 10 a.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE5.REC D25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1018 September 25, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
4:30 p.m., Monday, September 28 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 719, TSA Office of In-spection Accountability Act. At 5:30 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McConnell mo-tion to concur in the amendment of the House of Rep-resentatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 2689. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 p.m., Monday, September 28 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Boehner, John A., Ohio, E1357 
Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E1358 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E1358, E1364 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1365 Farenthold, Blake, Tex., E1357 Garamendi, John, Calif., E1357, E1358, E1359, E1359, 
E1360, E1361, E1362, E1364, E1364, E1365 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1357, E1357, E1358, E1360 
Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E1358 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1361 Mica, John L., Fla., E1360 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1365 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1363 
Poe, Ted, Tex., E1362 Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E1363 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1359, E1360 
Smith, Adam, Wash., E1361, E1362 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1361, E1363 Tsongas, Niki, Mass., E1360 Young, David, Iowa, E1357, E1358, E1359, E1359, E1361, 
E1363, E1363, E1364, E1364, E1365 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Sep 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D25SE5.REC D25SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST