Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4163 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 2015 No. 93 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
June 11, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable J OHN J. 
DUNCAN , Jr. to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
BUILDING A TRANSPORTATION IN-
FRASTRUCTURE FOR THE FU-TURE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
am pleased that after 55 months in con-trol, my Republican friends have sched-uled their first hearing on transpor-tation and finance. This is a very im-portant, very welcome development, as welcome as it is long overdue. I appre-ciate my friend, P
AULRYAN, the chair-
man of the committee, keeping his word that we would actually have a 
hearing. 
Now, the question is whether this is 
going to be one that is more or less perfunctory, sort of a plain vanilla, or whether it is going to be the start of a critical dialogue involving not just ideologues, but the people who do more than just study the issue, hear from the vast army of people who plan, build, maintain, and use our transpor-tation infrastructure. Theirs is a unique, shared, forceful vision. Con-gress should spend the time not just to listen to those stakeholders, but to un-derstand how they got to where they are and what we need to do. 
We shouldn’t settle for half steps to 
just get past the next transportation deadline, which is looming next month, which would be the 34th short-term ex-tension. Just as bad or worse, we would fail to give the country the bold trans-portation investment that is so sorely needed. 
The next hearings are even more im-
portant following next Wednesday’s ef-fort. That is the time to actually fol-low regular order, to debate real op-tions. 
I have introduced a path. After 20 
years of working on transportation funding, it is still the simplest, the best, and the most widely supported. It is the widest coalition, in fact, of any major issue confronting people on Cap-itol Hill. It includes the AFL–CIO, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, contrac-tors, transit, local government, bicyclists, engineers. It includes the AAA, representing automobile users, and the American Trucking Associa-tion. They all support, for the first time in 22 years, raising the Federal gas tax. 
We are in the problem we are in now 
because we are paying for 2015 trans-portation needs with 1993 dollars. It doesn’t work. 
My approach would not just raise the 
gas tax, index the gas tax, but work to abolish the gas tax because it is no 
longer a sustainable long-term solu-tion. We can, in fact, replace it with a much more viable, effective, fair sys-tem based on road user charges, which we are experimenting with in Oregon, and States around the country are looking at. 
In the meantime, we ought to step up 
and do our job on the gas tax. It is in-teresting that six red States have al-ready raised the gas tax this year. If it was good enough for Eisenhower, if it was good enough for Ronald Reagan, who used his Thanksgiving Day speech in 1982 to summon Congress back to more than double the gas tax, which he and Tip O’Neill did, it ought to be good enough for us today. 
Let’s discuss, examine, and under-
stand all the viable solutions, the health of our infrastructure, our econ-omy, and the impacts on the people we serve. 
Whatever solution we come up with 
must meet three tests: It must raise enough to do the job of giving America its first 6-year transportation bill since 
1998; it must be dedicated to allow the certainty to be able to build a trans-portation vision for the future; and it must be sustainable so that we don’t end up back in the same place in a year or 2 or 4 or even 5. 
My legislation would provide 210 ad-
ditional billion dollars, enough for the transportation committee to fashion that vision for the future. It is ironclad dedicated over the next 6 years, but it is sustainable because, if Congress hasn’t moved to abolish the gas tax by then, at least we don’t fall off a cliff. 
There was a time when America had 
the best infrastructure in the world. Sadly, that time has passed. There was a time when infrastructure used to be bipartisan. I am hopeful that if we step up to the plate, approach it in a bipar-tisan fashion, we can do the job so that we start repairing infrastructure that is now rated 25th or 27th in the world, and going down. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.000 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4164 June 11, 2015 
We no longer have the finest infra-
structure, but we can be bipartisan and thoughtful. We can reverse this 20-year slide. We can put hundreds of thou-sands of people to work across America at family-wage jobs this year and re-build and renew America so our fami-lies are safer, healthier, and more eco-nomically secure. 
f 
WE NEED THE RIGHT TRACK, NOT 
THE FAST TRACK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, TPA, 
TPP, TTIP, WTO, GATT, fast track, to the American people, we have made the ability to understand trade relations with other nations nigh on impossible. 
Politicians, pundits, and prophetic 
economists are issuing clarion calls to free trade. We all like free trade, but these same advocates insist that we do it fast, you know, put it on a fast track with ‘‘trade promotional authority.’’ Listening to these experts, they insist that we cannot do trade without it. Never mind that for 160 years we nego-tiated without it under the guide of the Constitution and the watchful eye of the Representatives of the people. 
Now, they want the negotiations to 
be secret: Don’t worry. The trade agreements are complex. They will give us the final agreement, and we will have a little bit of time to look it over. Can’t change it. Just look it over, and then you can have a simple up-or- down vote that could bind America to the terms of other nations. 
‘‘But it will create jobs?’’ they say, 
just like NAFTA, just like the world trade agreement, just like CAFTA. We were reassured then that those would fix everything. We passed them. We are still waiting for those jobs. 
Americans need to ask a few ques-
tions of us in this body before we com-mit to something that could have dec-ades of impact. 
The Pacific Partnership includes a 
transnational commission with a living agreement clause to change it. Why would we surrender congressional au-thority of a two-thirds vote to stand guard against something that could 
clearly damage our laws and Nation? 
Why would we want to isolate China, 
possibly driving them toward Russia, and create cold war II. The Army Chief of Staff saw a need this week to ease tensions with China. Why would we want to increase them with anti-Chi-nese trade rhetoric? You think mili-tary spending is high now; try it in a cold war or worse. Let’s trade with China instead, not make them our ad-versary. 
Even a partial pruning of commercial 
links or even a gradual upsurge in Western protectionism toward China would have a profound impact on the world’s well-being. Why would we pur-sue a path that most likely creates tension that could spill over in other areas with devastating consequences, sending ripples throughout the world? The current President’s talent for ne-
gotiation among nations should be measured by his foreign policy. Have we forgotten the line in the sand, the arming of al Qaeda and other nefarious Syrian rebels to fight Assad, only to watch them become ISIS, and then dis-miss them as a JV team, only to see them tear through Iraq, which fell apart after we abandoned it, after we were assured that they could stand on their own if we left early? Now, there is no strategy to fix it. Then there is the Arab Spring, which has morphed into the potential for a nuclear winter with Iran. Let’s not forget Crimea and Ukraine. I can go on. 
The question is: Why are we? Like 
Lucy holding the football, we are told that the President needs the power to negotiate. If we just come and take a kick at it, all will be well. 
Much is at stake. National security, 
American jobs, capital, manufacturing, pharmaceuticals, agricultural, and, contrary to economic theorists, even American law. One only has to look at the case of Australia’s law that made generic packaging required on ciga-rettes. The law was challenged by a cigarette company who went treaty shopping by using its Hong Kong sub-sidiary and was able to interfere with Australia’s law because of her treaty with Hong Kong. 
Perhaps most concerning is all the 
anti-Chinese rhetoric. China is an enor-mous trading partner, a holder of large amounts of U.S. Treasury bonds that have kept interest rates low and our purchasing power at the store high. They are not our enemy. Yet the rhet-oric coming from the White House and the architects of the TPA bill seem set on anti-Chinese dictums to make their case. 
We need China. China needs us. Let’s 
establish some rules of the road as competitors rather than laying the track for the smashup derby. It will take time, it will be hard, but dialogue and diplomacy are better than tanks and Tomahawks. We can do this with-out turning it into a foreign policy dis-aster that gives the President and Con-gress a chance to make China our enemy. 
We can engage without granting 
TPA, but we have to lead. TPA without leadership is less valuable than leader-ship without TPA. Among the proposed Pacific Partnership’s 11 other nations, we already have high-standard, free trade agreements with seven of them. We do not have to subject ourselves to this multilateral trade treaty to work with them, and we certainly should not do it fast by granting TPA to a Presi-
dent that has exhibited poor leadership in foreign affairs. 
We need the right track, not the fast 
track. 
f 
WORST TRADE AGREEMENT IN A 
20-YEAR HISTORY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) for 5 minutes. Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, tomor-
row, the House of Representatives will be asked to grease the skids for the last and worst trade agreement in a 20- year history of job-killing trade agree-ments. I say ‘‘last’’ because this is a new concept. It is a living trade agree-ment. Anybody can access to it in the future. All they have to do is say: We pretend—or will pretend—to follow the very weak rules of this trade agree-ment. 
When the President began the nego-
tiations, China was concerned because he talked about the pivot to Asia, con-fronting China. Now China is saying: Hey, we want in. This is great. We know how to game it. We can take away the last of your manufacturing, and we are not going to let it just go to Japan who is already in the agreement. 
The worst, for many reasons, but 
among them is something called the investor-state dispute resolution proc-ess. What is that? It means there will be a special private court set up for corporations to challenge our domestic laws, any and all domestic laws, that they find to be trade restrictive. 
Now, the President came to Oregon 
and said those of us who are critical of this are making things up because we said they can repeal otherwise. Now, the President danced on the head of a rhetorical pin there, a bit duplicitously. He is right. They can’t make us repeal our laws. We can pay to keep them. 
Yes, you heard that right. We can 
pay to keep our laws that protect con-sumers, and we can pay to protect our laws that protect the environment or labor or Buy America or anything else. We can keep them if we want to pay. 
Here are four examples: Yesterday, the House of Representa-
tives repealed requirements that meat, poultry be labeled as to country of ori-gin. American consumers would kind of like to know. We have got enough prob-lems in our own industry here. We would like to know if this stuff is com-ing overseas from someplace where maybe the sanitary conditions aren’t quite so good. Well, we lost a trade dis-pute on that issue. 
Now, we could keep the law if we 
wanted to pay billions of dollars or, no, a Republican rush to repeal the law. It makes a few giant agribusiness compa-nies happy. Of course, it kind of sticks it to the domestic producers who know they are producing a good product. That is one loss. 
Brazilian cotton, now, this is a funny 
one. We provide these bizarre subsidies through our foreign program, and one of them goes to cotton. 
b1015 
We were found to be subsidizing, 
therefore, putting Brazil at a disadvan-tage. For years, we paid Brazil $147 million a year so we could keep sub-sidizing our cotton producers. Isn’t that great? 
Yeah, we kept our law; we just cost 
us $147 million to subsidize the cotton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.002 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4165 June 11, 2015 
producers. Last year, we got a settle-
ment out of them. They are going to give us a 3-year grace. We gave them a one-time $300 million penalty, and they won’t challenge it again until 2018. 
Now, Mexican trucks—personally in-
volved in this one—they don’t have meaningful driver’s licenses; they don’t have hours of service standards; they don’t have drug testing; they don’t have alcohol testing, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, so we didn’t want them ranging around the United States of America. We passed a bill almost unanimously in the House to prevent that. 
Mexico went to one of these secret 
tribunals; they won. The Obama ad-ministration caved under threats of billions of dollars of punitive tariffs against the U.S. to allow those Mexi-can trucks free and permanent access to the highways of the United States of America. 
You are right, we can’t. You are 
right, Mr. President—no, you are not right, Mr. President; actually, you are wrong on that one. 
One last one, dolphin-safe tuna—now, 
we just wanted to say the Mexicans go out and slaughter dolphins to catch tuna. They cast the nets over the dol-phins who swim on top of the tuna. There are some people who thought: well, hey, it would be good marketing for StarKist and others if we had dol-phin-safe tuna, where people don’t slaughter dolphins to get the tuna. 
Well, Mexico won a trade dispute say-
ing: no, you can’t do that, that is trade restricted; you can pay us not to slaughter dolphins, or we can slaughter dolphins, and you can’t label those cans as dolphin-safe tuna. 
Yeah, the President is sort of, kind of 
technically right. They can’t force us to repeal our laws. They can just blackmail us to repeal our laws in se-cret tribunals. 
Now, the ones I mentioned are under 
a state-to-state resolution. The TPP that this trade promotion authority fa-cilitates allows corporations special standing to go to a special private se-cret tribunal, only available to cor-porations, to challenge our laws. 
Just think of the mischief in the fu-
ture. One will certainly be pharma-ceuticals. Most certainly, they will challenge the requirement that we ne-gotiate lower drug prices for our vet-erans and people on Medicaid, and they will win. 
The President is right; we won’t have 
to repeal the subsidies for those drugs or the reduced price. We can just pay the pharmaceutical industry tens of billions of dollars to keep providing af-fordable drugs to veterans and seniors. 
This is a great day for America. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. WIMBERLEY, TEXAS, IS MAKING A 
COMEBACK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, up 
until several weeks ago, my State of Texas experienced a drought so severe that water levels were reduced to his-toric lows while conservation efforts were set to all-time highs. Lakes and reservoirs were bone dry. Wildfires were a constant threat. 
In a cruel twist of fate, Texas is now 
recovering from the worst flooding in recent memory. Rivers overflowed, and dams burst. 
In Wimberley, Texas, a town about 40 
miles southwest of the Texas capital, water rushed over the banks of the Blanco River with enough force to rip houses off their foundations and carry cars like they were toys. Loved ones were lost. Belongings and memories were washed away. 
The last month has been marked by 
death, destruction, and disbelief. I have met with first responders, toured flood damage, and spoke to the National Guard and regional FEMA officers about response and recovery oper-ations. My office established a response center in town to help with the recov-ery process. 
Although we are still in a period of 
mourning, the strong Texas spirit of resolve has proven more powerful than Mother Nature’s fury. Just this week, a nearby newspaper ran the headline, ‘‘Hard hit by flood, Wimberley assures tourists: We’re open for business.’’ I personally might add ‘‘wide open for business.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, this is the Texas way; it 
is what we do. Today, just a few weeks since the rains eased and the flood-waters subsided, Wimberley is making a comeback. Nearly all of the busi-nesses in downtown Wimberley have re-opened. 
Cathy Moreman, the executive direc-
tor of the Wimberley Valley Chamber of Commerce, told my office they have had offers of help from around the country. Locals and visitors alike have come in and out and offered much in help from rescue to cleanup efforts. She said the outpouring of support has been astounding. 
Mr. Speaker, this is what I mean 
when I cite the Texas spirit of resolve. We have and will continue to take care of each other, look out for our neigh-bors, and together push forward. 
I assure you, we will rebound from 
this tragedy quickly and fully. 
May God bless the residents of 
Wimberley, and may God bless all of Texas. 
In God we trust. 
f 
KING KAMEHAMEHA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, today, 
in my home State of Hawaii, we are celebrating King Kamehameha Day to 
honor the legacy of King Kamehameha I, who established the Kingdom of Ha-waii in 1810. 
King Kamehameha knew that for a 
nation to be vibrant, its citizens must feel safe and secure. He proclaimed the Kanawai Mamalahoe, the Law of the Splintered Paddle, as the law of the land. This law, still enshrined in the Hawaii State Constitution today, pro-tects the unalienable rights of all men and women to be safe and secure in their home. 
Kamehameha also knew that, to en-
sure the health, safety, and welfare of his people, it was imperative to create economic opportunities. He invested resources to maintain viable fish ponds and taro patches, protect freshwater streams, fertile soils, and forestlands; he built schools and trained an entire new generation of leaders. 
As we observe Kamehameha Day, it 
is a true day of aloha for the people of Hawaii. Those who are visiting the Capitol this week may have seen the many fragrant and beautiful flower leis draped on the statue of King Kameha-meha in Emancipation Hall. 
All this week, in Hawaii, across the 
State, there will be further lei-draping ceremonies taking place to pay homage to the legacy of Hawaii’s first King. 
As legislators, we are called upon to 
embody the servant leadership and the humility of leaders like King Kameha-meha I. 
f 
IRS RESPONSE LETTER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to discuss the IRS response letter that was sent to me and 51 of my col-leagues asking for an investigation of 
the Clinton Foundation’s tax-exempt status. 
Now, the IRS responded to us with a 
letter. It is dated May 21. What we re-ceived back, Mr. Speaker, from the IRS was simply a form letter. It was ad-dressed, ‘‘Dear Sir or Madam,’’ not even my name. The director of the Ex-empt Organizations Examinations didn’t even take the time to sign the letter. 
What we have is this: the IRS has so 
little respect for Members of Congress who are asking a question, who are seeking clarity on behalf of their con-stituents, that they respond to a con-gressional inquiry with a letter that is a form letter, not even signed. Well, you can imagine that we were a little bit surprised by this. 
I think it is important to talk about 
why we were asking for clarity on the Clinton Foundation and their tax-ex-empt status. We all have 501(c)(3) not- for-profit organizations that do great work in our communities. Many of these organizations had come to us— their Member of Congress—and said: What do you know about how the Clin-ton Foundation works? What about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4166 June 11, 2015 
these foreign donations that are com-
ing into the Clinton Foundation? 
We were continuing to look at this 
because when you go to charitynavigator.org, which many of our colleagues or our constituents would do, and you pull up, you enter in the search engine ‘‘the Bill, Hillary, and Chelsea Clinton Foundation,’’ what comes up is this: 
We don’t evaluate Bill, Hillary, and Chel-
sea Clinton Foundation. Why not? We have determined that this charity’s atypical busi-ness model cannot be accurately captured in our current rating methodology. 
How interesting is that; how very in-
teresting. The American people are wanting to know how this charity keeps a not-for-profit status and how they conduct business. It is appropriate that we write the IRS and ask for clar-ity on this situation, doing it on behalf of our constituents who are seeking an-swers to questions. 
Now, I have to tell you, we know that 
there is no shortage of pens in the ex-ecutive branch of this government. The President has said he has got a pen and a phone and he will work around Con-gress if he needs to. We understand that. 
We know they have pens over at the 
IRS. We know that they have just cho-sen to dismiss what we have asked for, which is clarity. We have a divided government; we have a system of checks and balances, and we do expect to have a response from the IRS that addresses the structure of this organi-zation. 
Mr. Speaker, we are going to con-
tinue to follow this issue. We have found it quite amusing that this is how they would choose to address the in-quiry and that this is the attitude that they are taking. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY , IN-
TERNAL REVENUE SERVICE , T AX 
EXEMPT AND GOVERNMENT ENTI-
TIES DIVISION , 
May 21, 2015. 
Hon. M ARSHA BLACKBURN , 
House of Representatives. 
DEARSIR OR MADAM : Thank you for the in-
formation you submitted regarding The Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation. The Internal Revenue Service has an ongoing ex-amination program to ensure that exempt organizations comply with the applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The information you submitted will be consid-ered in this program. 
Internal Revenue Code section 6103 pro-
tects the privacy of tax returns and tax re-turn information of all taxpayers. Therefore, we cannot disclose the status of any inves-tigation. If, at a later date, you have addi-tional information that you believe is rel-evant to this matter, please attach a copy of this letter to the information and send it to the address shown above. 
We appreciate your concern in bringing 
this matter to our attention. If you have ad-ditional questions, please call Customer Ac-count Services. 
Sincerely, 
M
ARGARET VONLIENEN , 
Director, Exempt Organizations: 
Examinations. CONGRESS MUST SUPPORT 
PROBLEM-SOLVERS OF TOMORROW 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, re-
cently, I visited Warrenton High School in a small coastal community in my district in beautiful northwest Oregon. 
I met with students who were work-
ing on an underwater robotics team. These talented students are running simulation experiments in a pool in preparation for the Marine Advanced Technology Education competition. 
This year, students were asked to 
maneuver their underwater robots to retrieve items like algae and sea ur-chins from the ocean floor. This hands- on learning fosters collaboration and creativity in students and helps them see the connections between what is in their textbook and how it translates to practical work that can make a dif-ference for our planet. 
Perhaps more importantly, this kind 
of activity builds problem-solving skills and shows students that trial and error is a natural part of growth and discovery and learning. 
After visiting the underwater robot-
ics team, I joined students at their school’s fish hatchery, where they raise salmon for release into local water-ways. This program provides opportu-nities for students to develop skills in biology, water chemistry, engineering, and natural resources management and contributes to our ability to sustain an economically and culturally important fishery; importantly, it also gives them valuable skills and leadership in man-agement. 
In the United States, we face a grow-
ing shortage of innovative workers, people who are prepared to tackle the challenges of the future. This is an es-pecially serious problem because we absolutely must grapple with one of the greatest environmental threats this Nation has faced, climate change. 
Today, too many students, particu-
larly young women and minorities, lack access and opportunities to en-gage in this hands-on kind of STEM learning occurring at Warrenton High School. Here in Congress, we must be doing more to foster and support stu-dents who have become the problem- solvers of tomorrow. Doing so makes economic sense and environmental sense. 
We need smart, passionate students 
to help understand environmental chal-lenges and changes, to develop the technology to address our growing im-pact on our planet, and to find more sustainable practices. 
Oregon is home to some excellent re-
search universities. The University of Oregon, Oregon State University, and Oregon Health & Science University are all working on a wide range of re-search and development programs to help combat and adapt to climate change. 
These universities are conducting the 
basic science we need to understand and anticipate changes and trends, as 
well as the applied science to help use existing information to develop prac-tical tools and technologies to meet the challenges presented by climate change. 
They model changes caused by sea 
level rise; they help shellfish hatch-eries adapt to ocean acidification, or they develop new types of biofuel. This is exciting, important research; and we need smart, passionate young people to take up this mantle. 
b1030 
June is National Oceans Month. This 
month, we recognize the value of our oceans, lakes, and coastline, and we re-commit to protecting these bodies of water. 
I would also like to recommit to de-
veloping and investing in technologies to help stop and begin to repair the damage we have done to our oceans, our coasts, and our ecosystems. Im-proved and innovative technology de-velopment in areas such as renewable energy and water conservation have the power to make a real difference for our planet and for current and future generations, but we can’t do it without people like smart, skilled students who will become the workers in the work-force of tomorrow. 
Those students in Warrenton, Or-
egon, and others like them are our fu-ture leaders and problem-solvers. Let’s help do all we can to make sure that they have the tools and the resources they need today as students and tomor-row as scientists, engineers, and innovators who can meet the complex challenges ahead and turn them into 
productive opportunities that will bet-ter their communities, their States, our country, and the world. 
f 
HIPAA CHANGES IN THE HELPING 
FAMILIES IN MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, as part of my 3-year inves-tigation into the Nation’s mental health system, I have been meeting with families and caregivers of those with mental illness. Their number one concern is the HIPAA privacy rule. Since its inception in 2002, the rule has generated nearly 70,000 complaints. 
Families are locked out from helping 
in treatment by Federal regulations that don’t understand the complexity of treating a serious mental illness in someone who has other medical prob-lems, like diabetes or lung disease or skin problems or other illnesses that require treatment. When you have those with the diminished capacity to follow through on their own care, should we just let them languish and suffer? Should we let their mental ill-ness and poor medical care become what some consider to be a slow-mo-tion suicide? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.005 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4167 June 11, 2015 
If a family member has a head injury 
or a stroke or Alzheimer’s illness, a doctor would not hesitate to explain the medical concerns to a family mem-ber. A doctor would do this because the doctor recognizes the brain illness can make the individual unable to clearly understand the severity of his illness. According to the current HIPAA laws, when a child is in severe psychosis, the doctor is unable to tell the parents anything. 
We must recognize that severe men-
tal illness like schizophrenia, bipolar, and severe depression is brain disease— it is not an attitude. It is not some-thing cured by pulling oneself up by the bootstraps no more than dementia is cured by a different outlook on life or by a motivational poster. We cannot continue to make care the most dif-ficult for those who have the most dif-ficulty in caring for themselves. This has to change. There is merit to those 70,000 complaints, and we must address them compassionately. 
The Helping Families in Mental 
Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646, allows the doctor or mental health professional to provide the diagnosis, treatment plans, appointment scheduling, and prescrip-tions for an individual with a serious mental illness to a known caregiver. This change would apply to those who can benefit from care yet who are un-able to follow through on their own self-directed care. 
Put yourself in the shoes of a family 
member. Imagine yourself trying to help a parent or a sibling or a child, and a caseworker who doesn’t even know your family member can’t help you because he is bound from letting you—a loving and caring parent—help your son or daughter. The law puts you behind this heartless barrier where you have to passively watch your child wither away. But what parent would not run into a burning building or throw himself in front of a car to save his child? Yet, with our current HIPAA laws, you have to watch and suffer along with your child. 
We have to change this, and H.R. 2646 
does make this important change. My legislation does not allow for the shar-ing of psychotherapy notes or of per-sonal conversations between a thera-pist and a patient. It is limited to the information that is essential to caring for someone with a serious mental ill-ness to make sure he stays in care. Let’s make it easier. Let’s make it more compassionate for those who need help the most. I urge my colleagues to please support H.R. 2646 and to sign on as cosponsors. 
f 
GENESIS WITH REVELATIONS YET 
TO COME 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, it is always a preeminent privilege to stand in the well of the House of Representatives to advocate on behalf of my constituents in the Ninth Con-
gressional District of Texas, but it is also a greater honor to advocate on be-half of the American people. I contend that no one could have predicted that I would have had this great opportunity at my birth, and I am always grateful to have it, and I want people to know that I appreciate it greatly. 
Mr. Speaker, last night, the House of 
Representatives passed a bipartisan piece of legislation, H. Res. 295. This is a resolution that would encourage law enforcement agencies to use body cam-eras. It passed overwhelmingly, and I am here today to express my gratitude to the many Members who supported this piece of legislation. 
I would like to start with the leader-
ship. I am honored that the leadership supported it because, without the sup-port of leadership, legislation does not come to the floor. 
Mr. B
OEHNER , I am grateful that you 
supported and allowed it to come to the floor. 
Ms. P
ELOSI , I am grateful that you 
supported and allowed it to come to the floor. 
Mr. H
OYER , I am honored that we had 
the opportunity to visit with you about it as well as with other members of leadership, including Mr. B
OEHNER , and 
that you allowed it to come to the floor. 
I also want to mention the chair of 
the Judiciary Committee, Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE . He allowed us to visit with him 
about this legislation. We are grateful that he participated in the process and allowed it to come to the floor. 
I am also especially honored to men-
tion Mr. C
ONYERS , the sage of the 
House of Representatives, the dean of the House of Representatives, and I am grateful that he has been under-standing and has given us the oppor-tunity to have this piece of legislation come to the floor in the form of a reso-lution. 
There were Members who supported 
this, and they were cosponsors. I have to mention my very dear friend Mr. C
LEAVER . I will say candidly that, 
without him, we wouldn’t have been able to have succeeded. He has been a partner with me on this legislation, and we have worked through the en-tirety of the process. 
I will mention Mr. T
EDPOEfrom 
Texas. He and I were lawyers together, and we were judges together. He was the first person to actually sign onto the resolution, and that meant some-thing to have his support. 
Mr. P
OE, I am grateful that you 
signed on as the first original cospon-sor, and my prayer is that this piece of legislation is something that you will be proud of in the years to come. 
Mr. L
UETKEMEYER signed onto it, Mr. 
LACY CLAY, Mr. Y ODER , and Ms. 
CLARKE —all persons who were original 
cosponsors of the legislation. I am grateful that they chose to allow their names to be associated with it, and I am grateful to all of the Members of the House of Representatives who voted for it, some 421 Members. Let me now just focus on the legisla-
tion for just a moment and remind ev-erybody that this, in a metaphorical sense, is not the end; it is the begin-ning. In a metaphorical sense, it is not the closing argument as we might have in a trial; it is the opening statement. As a Christian, in a metaphorical sense, this is Genesis; it is not Revela-tion. There are many other things to come. In fact, we have a piece of legis-lation—the CAM TIP Act—that is cur-rently pending before the House, and my hope is that we will get some addi-tional cosponsors on that piece of legis-lation. 
As for this piece of legislation, let me 
announce that what it does is to sim-ply provide encouragement to law en-forcement agencies to know that the consensus of the House of Representa-tives is that you have body cameras. We ask that you please consider the ra-tionale for body cameras. 
One, transparency. This means that 
there won’t be disputes about what happened. With cameras, you can still have some disputes. This is not a pan-acea; it will not cure all that ails some of our concerns. Yet it does provide some empirical evidence, empirical evi-dence that we would not acquire other-wise because of the contentions that can be at odds with each other about facts. By the way, as a judge, I know that you can have persons with the best of intentions who can see the same facts and come away with different conclusions as to what occurred. This provides the additional transparency. 
It also provides an opportunity for us 
to allow this evidence to go into court. It is not enough for the public to see what is going on. Those who serve as jurors will have an opportunity to see what happened and base their decisions on more than what one person says as opposed to what another person says. 
I am proud to tell you that the piece 
of legislation will provide an oppor-tunity for people to adjust their behav-ior. A wonderful thing can happen when cameras are on. People will know that they are being watched, and they can adjust their behavior. 
I am so honored that the legislation 
has passed, and I am grateful for the opportunity to speak this morning. I thank those who were supportive of it. This is the genesis. The revelations are 
yet to come. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair and not to other Members. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF CUBAN HISTORIAN 
GUSTAVO PEREZ SILVERIO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise this morning to support Gustavo Perez Silverio, an historian in Cuba who has had to endure continued threats from Castro’s state security forces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4168 June 11, 2015 
This week, Castro’s thugs threatened 
Gustavo Perez Silverio by telling him that he would be prosecuted for ter-rorist activities, but his only crime was to support activism and engage-ment in Cuban civil society. That is not a crime. This is not the first time he has had to endure these dire threats. 
While in the United States last year, 
Gustavo issued statements about the current difficult situation in Cuba for human rights, but when he returned to the island, he learned that he lost his job as a professor at the university where he was teaching. This is another attempt by the Castro regime to si-lence peaceful opposition leaders. 
We cannot let this continue. What is 
happening to Gustavo happens to doz-ens of Cubans every day, innocent but brave dissidents who try to speak the truth about the human rights viola-tions occurring in Cuba, violations that go unpunished due to the undeserved concessions given to the Castro brothers by this administration. 
Let’s stand with the oppressed, the 
brave dissidents like Gustavo Perez Silverio, and not stand with their op-pressor, the Castro regime. 
CLAUDIA PUIG  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
am pleased to honor Claudia Puig, a leader in television and radio broad-casting, on her receipt of the Bill Brooks Award from the Florida Asso-ciation of Broadcasters. 
Claudia is a prominent figure in our 
south Florida community, and with over 25 years of experience, her opinion is trusted and credible. Claudia has been recognized by Radio Ink magazine as one of the 50 Most Influential Women in Radio and has been honored as Manager of the Year with the pres-tigious Medallas de Cortez Award in 2012. Claudia has served on many pres-tigious boards, including Florida Inter-national University’s Board of Trust-ees, the Corporation for Public Broad-casting, and the Orange Bowl Com-mittee. 
For those of us who know her, the 
Bill Brooks Award is a deserved honor and a testament to her hard work. 
Congratulations, Claudia. I wish you 
many more years of continued success. 
22ND ANNIVERSARY OF AMIGOS FOR KIDS  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to congratulate Amigos for Kids, an organization in my congres-sional district that works to mitigate the harmful effects of child abuse and neglect. It has now embarked on its 22nd year of service to families in my congressional district in south Florida. 
As part of its mission, this noble or-
ganization, Amigos for Kids, admin-isters an afterschool program at Jose Marti Park in Little Havana that pro-vides kids with academic and extra-curricular enrichment activities. Fund-ed by the Children’s Trust, Amigos for Kids also offers workshops to fortify the family bond. On June 20, Amigos for Kids will host its annual Miami Ce-lebrity Domino Night. It is an event at which guests will enjoy live entertain-ment and culinary delights, which will 
benefit these kids. 
I thank Amigos for Kids for its com-
mitment to assisting the less fortu-nate, and I encourage our community to get involved for the betterment of children and families. A united com-munity can make a positive and last-ing difference for all of us. 
b1045 
RAISING ALZHEIMER ’S AWARENESS IN JUNE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
June is Alzheimer’s Awareness Month, and I rise today to shed light on one of the fastest growing and costliest epidemics facing our Nation. Having lost my mother due to complications of Alzheimer’s, I am all too familiar with how it impacts not only the person, but the person’s loved ones and the care-givers. 
Over 5.3 million Americans are living 
with this disease, including half a mil-lion Floridians. The Alzheimer’s Asso-ciation projects that, within the next 10 years, every State will experience significant increases in the number of people living with Alzheimer’s. That means skyrocketing healthcare costs for impacted families and across all levels of government. 
Research is our best hope to save tax-
payer dollars, and most importantly, to save lives. My thanks to all who are working every day toward curing Alz-heimer’s, a devastating disease. I also thank them for improving the patient’s well-being and the caregiver’s. 
f 
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM 
AND POLICE ACCOUNTABILITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
am very pleased this morning to speak about a topic that I really believe there is a strong pathway forward. I have said often, as the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Inves-tigations, that as we look at the crimi-nal justice system with a myriad of issues that have come to our attention from the American public, from asset forfeiture to mens rea to a number of issues dealing with police interaction with the community, this is a signifi-cant moment in America’s history. 
We are a nation of laws, and we pride 
ourselves with understanding the very words of the Declaration of Independ-ence that clearly says that we all are created equal with certain inalienable rights of life and liberty and the pur-suit of happiness. The beginning words of the Constitution say that our Founding Fathers—although imperfect in many of the aspects of the Constitu-tion based upon rights not given to women and rights not given to African Americans—did say that they formed this government to create a more per-fect Union. 
Now, in 2015, we have an opportunity, 
again, as I said, to assess the criminal justice system in many ways. Let me 
cite for you some of the challenges that we face. For example, a 16-year- old in New York who was arrested for taking a knapsack—he shouldn’t have taken a knapsack—was thrown into Rikers Island and had a $3,000 bail, which he or his family could not pay. He stayed in isolation for 3 years. His case never came before the courts. The lawyers obviously were backlogged, whatever court-appointed lawyer he might have had. During that time, there was abuse, and this youngster suffered. At 19 going on 20, he was fi-nally released, no action taken against him. Tragically, 2 weeks after he was released, this young man committed suicide. 
We understand the brain does not 
mature to its fullest before the age of 24 or 25, and so when you are dealing with teenagers between 18 and 24, you are dealing with kids. You are dealing with individuals who have yet formu-lated their full judgment. 
These incidents, along with the cases 
of Walter Scott and Freddie Gray, begin to have us question how we make better our law enforcement. As we mourn those who have fallen in duty— and we do, as I have over the years—I recognize that we must give skills training and give more resources for professional development and change the concept that we have forced our law enforcement to be in. 
We have forced the concept of war-
rior versus guardian. Maybe that caused the incident of the gentleman who was in his doorstep in suburban Virginia, right outside of Washington, D.C. I think the case was 3 years ago where the gentleman came to the door. Of course he was having a disagree-ment with the officer who was at the door, but he wound up dead in his door-step. Of course the family settled be-cause there was, in essence, an inappro-priate use of excessive force and it did not have to happen. 
As we work in the Committee on the 
Judiciary and work with Members, I am looking forward to finding a signifi-cant moment. We will be introducing legislation dealing with police account-ability—we hope it will draw a number of Members’ bipartisan support—using this concept of guardian versus war-rior, giving the amount of resources for training, but also giving the necessary equipment that will be helpful, new technology, and a criteria utilized by small departments that will allow them to get a rating of having a police force that meets certain standards to know how to deal with the elderly, to know how to deal with the physically and mentally disabled, how to deal with juveniles, how to deal with women. Certainly we know that bad ac-tors and those who are tending to do us harm, we are ultimately concerned that we have very safe communities. 
I hope that as we confront this that 
the sheer shrillness of dealing with criminal justice will be put aside so that we can studiously get a bill to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.009 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4169 June 11, 2015 
President’s desk, we can get a bill 
about youth offenders that I will intro-duce, a bill about building trust, which means that we don’t force communities to use police officers as revenue gath-erers, so it is not about how many we stop on the street or how many we give tickets to to provide money to the cof-fers of our local community. That puts the police sometimes in unnecessary confrontational roles when they could very well be engaging in warnings or other ways of dealing with the commu-nity. I would like to enhance PAL, the Police Athletic League, an excellent community-based approach to police and children getting to know each other. Many things can happen. 
This is a significant moment that 
captures the constitutional premise that we want to create a more perfect Union. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
chained to a bed in a warehouse, brand-ed like cattle, these are just some of the horrific stories that I have heard from young girls who suffered as vic-tims of human trafficking in my home State of Texas. 
Human trafficking is modern-day 
slavery. Sadly, according to the Na-tional Human Trafficking Resource Center, Texas has the second highest number of reported instances of human trafficking in the country. My home-town of Houston is the hub for domes-tic trafficking of minor children. 
While this dastardly underground in-
dustry has been hidden for years in plain sight, the good news is there are efforts to fight this scourge of human trafficking throughout the Nation. Earlier this week Senator C
ORNYN and 
I had the opportunity to visit the Letot Center in Dallas, Texas, where we saw firsthand what can happen when gov-ernment, law enforcement, nonprofits, concerned citizens, and religious groups join together in a community to restore the lives of human trafficking victims. 
We were joined by advocates from the 
nonprofit New Friends New Life, an or-ganization that provides job training, financial assistance, life skills coach-ing, and special programs to address the challenges of survivors and their families. With the addition of a brand- new all-female facility, the Letot Cen-ter and groups like New Friends New Life not only provide a safe home for trafficking victims, but help arm them with the resources to rebuild their lives. 
One remarkable young lady that we 
met—I will call her Amanda because that is her name—became a victim of 
human trafficking after she was kid-napped in Dallas at the age of 15. For 9 years she lived in slavery, in terror, as she was repeatedly sold every day for sex. Through New Friends New Life’s ap-
proach, one that addresses the phys-ical, mental, and spiritual needs of vic-tims, Amanda was rescued, and she and her daughter are now living proof that there is hope for trafficking survivors fighting abuse, addiction, and poverty. After talking to her and hearing her story and she making her story public, Mr. Speaker, she is a remarkable per-son—a survivor, a fighter against the scourge of slavery. 
As a former judge, as you are, Mr. 
Speaker, I strongly believe in not only punishing people who commit crimes, but also helping victims rebuild their lives. As a father of 4, grandfather of 11, I call upon all other fathers in the United States to refuse to sit back 
while America’s children are being sold in the marketplace of sex. We have a responsibility, not just as Members of the House or the Senate, but as fathers, to fight this scourge that is taking place in our country. 
That is why, in the Senate, Senator 
C
ORNYN and, in the House, C AROLYN  
MALONEY and I authored the Justice 
for Victims of Trafficking Act: to pro-vide law enforcement with new tools to apprehend those who commit these crimes and to provide resources for res-toration for the survivors. 
It is very encouraging that the House 
of Representatives and the United States Senate recently passed the Vic-tims of Trafficking Act. It passed the Senate 99–0. It passed the House over-whelmingly, with only three voting against it. That very seldom happens in my experience in Congress, where one piece of legislation is so over-whelmingly supported by both sides of the aisle and in both the Senate and the House. This bipartisan bill has been signed into law by the President now. 
Under this legislation, a special fund 
will be created to help these victims like Amanda get the shelter and serv-ices they need and provide them a fresh start. The law also ensures those who have been sold into slavery are treated as victims and not treated as crimi-nals. Moreover, the legislation will strengthen law enforcement to give them tools to take down all human traffickers and organized criminal net-works supporting them. Finally, the law targets the buyers, those predators who purchase children in the market-place. The days of boys being boys in this country are going to end, and the law and law enforcement and the long arm of the law will go after these buy-ers. Partnerships on the Federal, State, and local level will be instrumental in stopping these crimes and rescuing vic-tims. 
So we must do everything possible to 
support survivors like Amanda—to break the cycle of sexual exploi-tation—overcome the pain of their ex-periences and help them to start a new life. We can achieve this if organiza-tions like New Friends New Life and fa-cilities like the Letot Center have the tools and resources they need to serve every victim. The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act will help do this. America must send the word that our 
children are not for sale, not in our town and not in our country. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 56 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Almighty God of the universe, we 
give You thanks for giving us another day. 
We pray for the gift of wisdom to all 
with great responsibility in this House for the leadership of our Nation. 
May all the Members have the vision 
of our Nation where respect and under-standing are the marks of civility, and honor and integrity are the marks of one’s character. 
Give them the grace to see the best 
in those with whom they find disagree-ment and the courage to move together with them toward solutions that best serve our great Nation. 
Bless us this day and every day, and 
may all that is done within these hal-lowed Halls be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-
peared to have it. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. H AHN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.010 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4170 June 11, 2015 
come forward and lead the House in the 
Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. HAHN led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S LEGACY 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, earlier this week, President Obama admitted that he does not have a complete strategy to fight ISIL, which he belittled as junior varsity, putting American families at risk. The President should change course to pre-vent more failed foreign policies. 
Under his watch, the victory he cited 
in Iraq has evolved into the beheading of Americans and mass murder of Mus-lims by ISIL/Daesh. Safe havens exist to murder Americans worldwide. 
Under his watch, Syria crossed his 
red line when it used chemical weapons to kill opposition yet faced no con-sequences. Iran continues with nuclear weapons development, building inter-continental ballistic missiles to achieve their goal of death to Israel, death to America. 
Under his watch, Putin’s regime in-
vaded Ukraine, leaving over 7,000 dead, and extremists threaten American al-lies from the Baltics to central and southeastern Europe. 
Under his watch, murder and 
kidnappings have swept Libya, Nigeria, Yemen, and Kenya, which the Presi-dent should address with peace through strength. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND DEADLINE 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to remind Republican colleagues it is time to get serious about our country’s transportation needs. With another highway and transit trust fund deadline on the horizon, we can no longer keep our Nation stuck with small, short-term funding that fails to meet the challenges of our Nation’s crumbling roads and bridges. 
In the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex, 
a long-term, bipartisan fix will ensure that the Texas Department of Trans-portation, TxDOT, can continue its work on long-term projects like the horseshoe project near downtown Dal-las and the expansion of I–35W in Fort 
Worth. 
In addition, it would ensure that 
thousands of residents in north Texas can continue to utilize reliable public transit services like the T and DART. 
Later this summer, the highway 
transit fund will expire in the middle of a very busy travel season while con-stituents like these are trying to come to Washington, D.C. It is time for the Republicans to put aside their rhetoric and make good on their word to the American people. 
Don’t keep folks stuck in traffic this 
summer. Let’s pass a long-term high-way bill. 
f 
CONGRATULATING WAYZATA’S 
TOP FINANCE STUDENTS 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
congratulate two Wayzata High School students for doing so well in the Na-tional Securities Industry and Finan-cial Market Association Foundation’s student essay competition. Tyler Carlstrom, a sophomore, placed second in the InvestWrite essay competition, and senior Megan Plummer placed fifth. 
The InvestWrite essay competition is 
a component of the stock market game that asks students around the country to analyze an investment scenario in 1,000 words or fewer. Tyler and Megan both used their analytical skills that they learned in their investments class at Wayzata High School, taught by their teacher, Candy Lee. 
Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Fi-
nancial and Economic Literacy Caucus, I believe our youth need more opportu-nities to learn how to effectively man-age money in order to plan and achieve their financial goals. Events like this certainly strongly encourage our stu-dents to learn the ins and outs of our financial and economic world views. 
Once again, Mr. Speaker, I want to 
congratulate Tyler and Megan on their great opportunity and doing so well in this tough competition. 
f 
FAST TRACK 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
voice my opposition to the fast-track legislation making its way through our House this week. 
Let me be clear, I am pro-trade. I 
represent the Port of Los Angeles, and I understand the potential benefits of a good trade deal. But I am also pro- worker, pro-environment, pro-immi-gration reform, pro-human rights and pro-food safety. 
These goals, I believe, would be un-
dermined by this fast-track legislation that limits our President’s ability to negotiate those critical issues. More-over, if the President gets fast-track 
authority, then our only role as Mem-bers of Congress would be an up-or- down vote on the final deal, limited de-bate, no amendments. 
We cannot afford another bad trade 
deal. NAFTA cost our Nation over 800,000 manufacturing jobs. 
I do not want to vote against a trade 
deal. I want to shape a fair deal that does not hurt American workers. I want a deal I can vote for. 
f 
MAGNA CARTA: PRESERVING THE 
LEGACY OF FREEDOM 
(Mr. BYRNE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the 800th anniver-sary of one of the world’s most impor-tant documents, the Magna Carta. 
On June 15, 1215, King John added his 
seal to the Magna Carta after it was drafted by barons in England who were tired of continued attacks on their freedoms and rights by a tyrannical king. 
The Magna Carta, which is Latin for 
‘‘the great charter,’’ established the rule of law in England and served as an inspiration for the American revolu-tion and the basis for the Declaration of Independence and our Bill of Rights. 
As Thomas Paine said in 1776: ‘‘In 
free countries, the law ought to be king; and there ought to be no other.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, it seems that far too 
often our problem is we don’t fully un-derstand our history, and that is why we stray from it. 
We are currently dealing with a 
President who has shown a willingness to change the laws through executive fiat. I believe it is vitally important that we remember the Magna Carta, which is based on the idea that no per-son, regardless of their position, will ever be above the law. 
People from all over the world have 
fought for centuries in order to pre-serve and defend this basic principle, and that fight can never end. So on this 800th anniversary, I call on this body to remember the Magna Carta and work every day to carry forward the torch of freedom. 
f 
HELPING CONSUMERS ACHIEVE 
CAR OWNERSHIP 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of cutting the bureau-cratic red tape strangling our Nation’s small businesses. 
In 2013, the Consumer Financial Pro-
tection Bureau implemented guidance that would prevent families and indi-viduals from obtaining auto financing discounts. The CFPB issued this guid-ance without a public comment period for consumers, small businesses, or stakeholders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.013 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4171 June 11, 2015 
This guidance not only affects the 
American auto industry and the hun-dreds of hard-working auto dealers in the Granite State; but it also affects Granite State families and individuals, for example, the young couple in Man-chester struggling to afford a new minivan to accommodate their growing family or the startup logistics com-pany in Conway wishing to add another truck to their fleet to grow their busi-ness. 
The detrimental aspects of this oner-
ous regulation are felt throughout our State and our Nation. That is why I in-troduced H.R. 1737, a bipartisan bill to rein in the CFPB’s overreach and mere-ly bring more transparency, account-ability, and clarity to the formal rule-making process. It will reverse the CFPB’s indirect auto financing guid-ance and allow the public’s voice to be heard. 
This bill has 49 Republican cospon-
sors and 40 Democrat cosponsors. I look forward to working with all those interested in continuing to reverse this rule. 
f 
TWO BROTHERS, ONE JOURNEY 
(Mr. WALBERG asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize an extraordinary 15- year-old named Hunter Gandee from Monroe County, Michigan. 
Hunter’s 8-year-old brother, Braden, 
has cerebral palsy and cannot walk on his own. Last week, Hunter carried Braden on his back for 57 miles to raise awareness for the disease. The 3-day journey took the Gandee family from Lambertville to the University of Michigan’s Pediatric Rehabilitation Center in Ann Arbor, where Braden has upcoming surgery. 
Along the way, there were hugs, 
cheers, and outpouring of support from communities across Michigan and the country. Two brothers, one journey, an inspiring story of love, courage, and sacrifice—may we all learn from their example and do our part to make the world a better place. 
God bless Hunter. God bless Braden. 
f 
THANKING EDIE LOWRY FOR HER 
SERVICE TO VETERANS 
(Mr. ROE of Tennessee asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize my constituent and friend Edie Lowry for her service to our Nation’s veterans as the founder and president of Honor Flight of North-east Tennessee. Under Edie’s direction, Honor Flight of Northeast Tennessee honors veterans by arranging trips and transporting former servicemen and -women to Washington, D.C., to visit their respective war memorials, all at no cost to the veterans. 
Edie Lowry first became involved 
with the Honor Flight program in St. Joseph, Missouri, after reading about 
the program in a newspaper article. During an honor flight in 2008, she wit-nessed firsthand the impact the Honor Flight program has on veterans’ lives. 
After discovering in 2010 that Honor 
Flight did not exist in our area, Edie established a chapter in northeast Ten-nessee. Honor Flight of Northeast Ten-nessee has helped dozens of veterans visit their memorial and receive the honor and recognition they deserve. 
I thank Edie Lowry, my friend, for 
her service to veterans in our commu-nity through Honor Flight of Northeast Tennessee. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JARED DER- 
YEGHIAYAN 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the great achievement of a 10th District hero, Jared Der- Yeghiayan. 
Working with the FBI and the DEA, 
Special Agent Der-Yeghiayan served as the lead special agent from the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to shut down the notorious black market Web site Silk Road. 
For more than 2 years, Special Agent 
Der-Yeghiayan worked undercover to infiltrate the Silk Road network, an underground Web site used by thou-sands of drug dealers and criminals to facilitate drug sales and illegal activ-ity around the globe. 
His innovative cyber investigation 
led to thousands of drug seizures, doz-ens of arrests, and the successful con-viction of the owner and operator of the Silk Road Web site. In helping bringing down this dark Web site, Jared Der-Yeghiayan has left his mark in making this country a safer and more secure place. 
I am honored to have Jared as a con-
stituent of Illinois’ 10th District; I thank him for his service to this Na-tion, and I look forward to many more bright achievements in the future. 
f 
b1215 
DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS BILL 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of this year’s fiscal 2016 Defense Appropriations bill. 
As we rapidly approach the final vote 
on this year’s bill, I want to recognize the outstanding work that the Appro-priations Committee has done in crafting this year’s bill. 
I am proud to represent the First 
Congressional District of Georgia, which is the proud home of Kings Bay Naval Submarine Base, Hunter Army Airfield, Moody Air Force Base, and Fort Stewart. These installations are the foundation of many critical mis-sions that continue to support our 
troops abroad and our American citi-zens at home. 
I am pleased and grateful that this 
year’s appropriations bill supports the First District’s important missions, and I commend the committee for its accomplishments, all while operating under budget. 
Through this bill, the Georgia First’s 
military installations and their per-sonnel will continue receiving funding for critical missions that will ensure future success for our servicemen and -women. I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
HONORING EDWARD JOSEPH 
OLENDER 
(Mr. GIBSON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Army Sergeant Major Ed Olender, who passed away earlier this year at the age of 91. 
For those who knew Ed, he was a 
humble and dedicated family man, neighbor, and friend. He was well- known around Tillson, New York, in having given his work in the post of-fice, in his extensive volunteer service, in his service as a firefighter, and as a life member of the American Legion and the VFW. However, without know-ing him well, you would never guess the rest of his life story. 
Born in Dickinson, New York, in 1923, 
Ed joined the Army at the age of 17. He served in combat in the Pacific in World War II, including earning a Bronze Star for his actions in defend-ing Hawaii during the attack on Pearl Harbor and earning a Purple Heart in Luzon. He also served in combat in both Korea and Vietnam, earning a sec-ond Purple Heart and various other awards and commendations. He retired in 1974 as a command sergeant major. He earned the Silver Star and also earned the Combat Infantryman Badge three times. 
Ed was predeceased by his wife of 53 
years, June, and they had three chil-dren, two grandchildren, and three stepgrandchildren. 
I rise today to commemorate this 
great American hero—a humble but in-credible example for all of us. May God bless Sergeant Major Olender and his entire family. 
f 
BRING OUR AMERICAN HEROES 
HOME 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I teamed up with Congressman G
ERRY CONNOLLY of 
Virginia to introduce a resolution to ensure that future trade partners with the United States are active in the re-covery efforts of our POWs and MIAs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.015 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4172 June 11, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, as the father of an in-
jured Army soldier, I thank God every day that my son returned home safely, and it pains me to know that there are still brave men and women who have not been recovered. This bipartisan res-olution makes it clear that we as Americans take the promises we make to our servicemembers and their fami-lies very seriously, and we are hopeful that future trade partners will become partners in our ongoing recovery ef-forts. 
Mr. Speaker, according to the De-
partment of Defense, more than 80,000 American citizens who served in the Vietnam war, the Korean war, and World War II are still missing in ac-tion, and I will not rest until all of our men and women are returned home. These American heroes deserve no less. 
I strongly urge my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle to support H. Res. 56. 
f 
PERMISSION TO MODIFY ORDER 
OF HOUSE OF JUNE 10, 2015, RE-GARDING CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1295, IRS BUREAUCRACY RE-DUCTION AND JUDICIAL REVIEW ACT 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order of the House of June 10, 2015, regarding consideration of the Senate amend-ments to H.R. 1295, be modified by striking ‘‘printed’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-mitted for printing.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
C
URBELO of Florida). Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania). Pursuant 
to House Resolution 303 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further con-sideration of the bill, H.R. 2685. 
Will the gentleman from Florida (Mr. 
C
URBELO ) kindly take the chair. 
b1219 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
URBELO of 
Florida (Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. F
ORBES ) had 
been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 162, line 25. 
The Clerk will read the last two lines 
of the bill. The Clerk read as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department 
of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania) having as-
sumed the chair, Mr. C URBELO of Flor-
ida, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no res-olution thereon. 
f 
IRS BUREAUCRACY REDUCTION 
AND JUDICIAL REVIEW ACT 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to the order of the House of June 10, 2015, as modified by the order of the House of today, I call up the bill (H.R. 1295) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve the proc-ess for making determinations with re-spect to whether organizations are ex-empt from taxation under section 501(c)(4) of such Code, with the Senate amendments thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
C
URBELO of Florida). The Clerk will 
designate the Senate amendments. 
Senate amendments: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—EXTENSION OF AFRICAN 
GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY ACT 
Sec. 101. Short title. 
Sec. 102. Findings. Sec. 103. Extension of African Growth and Op-
portunity Act. 
Sec. 104. Modifications of rules of origin for 
duty-free treatment for articles of beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries under Generalized Sys-tem of Preferences. 
Sec. 105. Monitoring and review of eligibility 
under Generalized System of Pref-erences. 
Sec. 106. Promotion of the role of women in so-
cial and economic development in sub-Saharan Africa. 
Sec. 107. Biennial AGOA utilization strategies. Sec. 108. Deepening and expanding trade and 
investment ties between sub-Saha-ran Africa and the United States. 
Sec. 109. Agricultural technical assistance for 
sub-Saharan Africa. 
Sec. 110. Reports. Sec. 111. Technical amendments. Sec. 112. Definitions. 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED 
SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES 
Sec. 201. Extension of Generalized System of 
Preferences. 
Sec. 202. Authority to designate certain cotton 
articles as eligible articles only for least-developed beneficiary devel-oping countries under Generalized System of Preferences. Sec. 203. Application of competitive need limita-
tion and waiver under General-ized System of Preferences with respect to articles of beneficiary developing countries exported to the United States during calendar year 2014. 
Sec. 204. Travel goods. 
TITLE III—EXTENSION OF PREFERENTIAL 
DUTY TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR HAITI 
Sec. 301. Extension of preferential duty treat-
ment program for Haiti. 
TITLE IV—TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN ARTICLES 
Sec. 401. Tariff classification of recreational 
performance outerwear. 
Sec. 402. Duty treatment of specialized athletic 
footwear. 
Sec. 403. Effective date. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Sec. 501. Report on contribution of trade pref-
erence programs to reducing pov-erty and eliminating hunger. 
TITLE VI—OFFSETS 
Sec. 601. Customs user fees. 
Sec. 602. Time for payment of corporate esti-
mated taxes. 
Sec. 603. Improved information reporting on un-
reported and underreported fi-nancial accounts. 
TITLE I—EXTENSION OF AFRICAN 
GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY ACT 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘AGOA Exten-
sion and Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) Since its enactment, the African Growth 
and Opportunity Act has been the centerpiece of trade relations between the United States and sub-Saharan Africa and has enhanced trade, investment, job creation, and democratic institu-tions throughout Africa. 
(2) Trade and investment, as facilitated by the 
African Growth and Opportunity Act, promote economic growth, development, poverty reduc-tion, democracy, the rule of law, and stability in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(3) Trade between the United States and sub- 
Saharan Africa has more than tripled since the enactment of the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act in 2000, and United States direct in-vestment in sub-Saharan Africa has grown al-most six-fold. 
(4) It is in the interest of the United States to 
engage and compete in emerging markets in sub- Saharan African countries, to boost trade and investment between the United States and sub- Saharan African countries, and to renew and strengthen the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
(5) The long-term economic security of the 
United States is enhanced by strong economic and political ties with the fastest-growing economies in the world, many of which are in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(6) It is a goal of the United States to further 
integrate sub-Saharan African countries into the global economy, stimulate economic develop-ment in Africa, and diversify sources of growth in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(7) To that end, implementation of the Agree-
ment on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Organization would strengthen regional inte-gration efforts in sub-Saharan Africa and con-tribute to economic growth in the region. 
(8) The elimination of barriers to trade and in-
vestment in sub-Saharan Africa, including high tariffs, forced localization requirements, restric-tions on investment, and customs barriers, will create opportunities for workers, businesses, farmers, and ranchers in the United States and sub-Saharan African countries. 
(9) The elimination of such barriers will im-
prove utilization of the African Growth and Op-portunity Act and strengthen regional and glob-al integration, accelerate economic growth in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.016 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4173 June 11, 2015 
sub-Saharan Africa, and enhance the trade re-
lationship between the United States and sub- Saharan Africa. 
SEC. 103. EXTENSION OF AFRICAN GROWTH AND 
OPPORTUNITY ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 506B of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466b) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(b) A
FRICAN GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY  
ACT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 112(g) of the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(g)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(2) E
XTENSION OF REGIONAL APPAREL ARTICLE  
PROGRAM .—Section 112(b)(3)(A) of the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(b)(3)(A)) is amended— 
(A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘11 succeeding’’ 
and inserting ‘‘21 succeeding’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘September 
30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(3) E
XTENSION OF THIRD -COUNTRY FABRIC PRO -
GRAM .—Section 112(c)(1) of the African Growth 
and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(c)(1)) is amended— 
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘S
EPTEMBER 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘S EP-
TEMBER 30, 2025’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 104. MODIFICATIONS OF RULES OF ORIGIN 
FOR DUTY-FREE TREATMENT FOR ARTICLES OF BENEFICIARY SUB-SA-HARAN AFRICAN COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREF-ERENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 506A(b)(2) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the direct costs of processing operations 
performed in one or more such beneficiary sub- Saharan African countries or former beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries shall be applied in determining such percentage.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY TO ARTICLES RECEIVING  
DUTY-FREE TREATMENT UNDER TITLE V OF 
TRADE ACT OF 1974.—Section 506A(b) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(b)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) R
ULES OF ORIGIN UNDER THIS TITLE .—The 
exceptions set forth in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (2) shall also apply to any article described in section 503(a)(1) that is the growth, product, or manufacture of a bene-ficiary sub-Saharan African country for pur-poses of any determination to provide duty-free treatment with respect to such article.’’. 
(c) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE HARMONIZED TAR-
IFFSCHEDULE .—The President may proclaim 
such modifications as may be necessary to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) to add the special tariff treatment symbol ‘‘D’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ subcolumn of the HTS for each article classified under a heading or subheading with the special tariff treatment symbol ‘‘A’’ or ‘‘A*’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ sub-column of the HTS. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsections (a) and (b) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to any article described in section 503(b)(1)(B) through (G) of the Trade Act of 1974 that is the growth, product, or manufacture of a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country and that is imported into the customs territory of the United States on or after the date that is 30 days after such date of enactment. SEC. 105. MONITORING AND REVIEW OF ELIGI-
BILITY UNDER GENERALIZED SYS-TEM OF PREFERENCES. 
(a) C ONTINUING COMPLIANCE .—Section 
506A(a)(3) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(a)(3)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘If the President’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the President’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION .—The President may not 
terminate the designation of a country as a ben-eficiary sub-Saharan African country under subparagraph (A) unless, at least 60 days before the termination of such designation, the Presi-dent notifies Congress and notifies the country of the President’s intention to terminate such designation, together with the considerations entering into the decision to terminate such des-ignation.’’. 
(b) W
ITHDRAWAL , SUSPENSION , ORLIMITATION  
OFPREFERENTIAL TARIFF TREATMENT .—Section 
506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) W
ITHDRAWAL , SUSPENSION , ORLIMITA -
TION OF PREFERENTIAL TARIFF TREATMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President may with-
draw, suspend, or limit the application of duty- free treatment provided for any article described in subsection (b)(1) of this section or section 112 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act with respect to a beneficiary sub-Saharan Afri-can country if the President determines that withdrawing, suspending, or limiting such duty- free treatment would be more effective in pro-moting compliance by the country with the re-quirements described in subsection (a)(1) than terminating the designation of the country as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country for purposes of this section. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The President may not 
withdraw, suspend, or limit the application of duty-free treatment under paragraph (1) unless, at least 60 days before such withdrawal, suspen-sion, or limitation, the President notifies Con-gress and notifies the country of the President’s intention to withdraw, suspend, or limit such duty-free treatment, together with the consider-ations entering into the decision to terminate such designation.’’. 
(c) R
EVIEW AND PUBLIC COMMENTS ON ELIGI-
BILITY REQUIREMENTS .—Section 506A of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a), as so amended, is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW AND PUBLIC COMMENTS ON ELIGI-
BILITY REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out subsection 
(a)(2), the President shall publish annually in the Federal Register a notice of review and re-quest for public comments on whether bene-ficiary sub-Saharan African countries are meet-ing the eligibility requirements set forth in sec-tion 104 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in sec-tion 502 of this Act. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLIC HEARING .—The United States 
Trade Representative shall, not later than 30 days after the date on which the President pub-lishes the notice of review and request for public comments under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) hold a public hearing on such review 
and request for public comments; and 
‘‘(B) publish in the Federal Register, before 
such hearing is held, notice of— 
‘‘(i) the time and place of such hearing; and ‘‘(ii) the time and place at which such public 
comments will be accepted. 
‘‘(3) P
ETITION PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the President shall establish a process 
to allow any interested person, at any time, to file a petition with the Office of the United States Trade Representative with respect to the compliance of any country listed in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act with the eligibility requirements set forth in sec-tion 104 of such Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of this Act. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF PETITIONS .—The President shall 
take into account all petitions filed pursuant to subparagraph (A) in making determinations of compliance under subsections (a)(3)(A) and (c) and in preparing any reports required by this title as such reports apply with respect to bene-ficiary sub-Saharan African countries. 
‘‘(4) O
UT-OF-CYCLE REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The President may, at any 
time, initiate an out-of-cycle review of whether a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country is making continual progress in meeting the re-quirements described in paragraph (1). The President shall give due consideration to peti-tions received under paragraph (3) in deter-mining whether to initiate an out-of-cycle re-view under this subparagraph. 
‘‘(B) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Before 
initiating an out-of-cycle review under subpara-graph (A), the President shall notify and con-sult with Congress. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSEQUENCES OF REVIEW .—If, pursuant 
to an out-of-cycle review conducted under sub-paragraph (A), the President determines that a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country does not meet the requirements set forth in section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)), the President shall, sub-ject to the requirements of subsections (a)(3)(B) and (c)(2), terminate the designation of the country as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country or withdraw, suspend, or limit the ap-plication of duty-free treatment with respect to articles from the country. 
‘‘(D) R
EPORTS .—After each out-of-cycle re-
view conducted under subparagraph (A) with respect to a country, the President shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the review and any determination of the President to terminate the designation of the country as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country or withdraw, sus-pend, or limit the application of duty-free treat-ment with respect to articles from the country under subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(E) I
NITIATION OF OUT -OF-CYCLE REVIEWS  
FOR CERTAIN COUNTRIES .—Recognizing that con-
cerns have been raised about the compliance with section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)) of some ben-eficiary sub-Saharan African countries, the President shall initiate an out-of-cycle review under subparagraph (A) with respect to South Africa, the most developed of the beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries, and other bene-ficiary countries as appropriate, not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 106. PROMOTION OF THE ROLE OF WOMEN 
IN SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC DEVEL-OPMENT IN SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—Section 103 of the 
African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3702) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) promoting the role of women in social, 
political, and economic development in sub-Sa-haran Africa.’’. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .—Section 
104(a)(1)(A) of the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘for men and women’’ after ‘‘rights’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4174 June 11, 2015 
SEC. 107. BIENNIAL AGOA UTILIZATION STRATE-
GIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress 
that— 
(1) beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries 
should develop utilization strategies on a bien-nial basis in order to more effectively and strate-gically utilize benefits available under the Afri-can Growth and Opportunity Act (in this sec-tion referred to as ‘‘AGOA utilization strate-gies’’); 
(2) United States trade capacity building 
agencies should work with, and provide appro-priate resources to, such sub-Saharan African countries to assist in developing and imple-menting biennial AGOA utilization strategies; and 
(3) as appropriate, and to encourage greater 
regional integration, the United States Trade Representative should consider requesting the Regional Economic Communities to prepare bi-ennial AGOA utilization strategies. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—It is further the sense of Con-
gress that biennial AGOA utilization strategies should identify strategic needs and priorities to bolster utilization of benefits available under the African Growth and Opportunity Act. To that end, biennial AGOA utilization strategies should— 
(1) review potential exports under the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act and identify op-portunities and obstacles to increased trade and investment and enhanced poverty reduction ef-forts; 
(2) identify obstacles to regional integration 
that inhibit utilization of benefits under the Af-rican Growth and Opportunity Act; 
(3) set out a plan to take advantage of oppor-
tunities and address obstacles identified in paragraphs (1) and (2), improve awareness of the African Growth and Opportunity Act as a program that enhances exports to the United States, and utilize United States Agency for International Development regional trade hubs; 
(4) set out a strategy to promote small business 
and entrepreneurship; and 
(5) eliminate obstacles to regional trade and 
promote greater utilization of benefits under the African Growth and Opportunity Act and estab-lish a plan to promote full regional implementa-tion of the Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Organization. 
(c) P
UBLICATION .—It is further the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) each beneficiary sub-Saharan African 
country should publish on an appropriate Inter-net website of such country public versions of its AGOA utilization strategy; and 
(2) the United States Trade Representative 
should publish on the Internet website of the Office of the United States Trade Representative public versions of all AGOA utilization strate-gies described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 108. DEEPENING AND EXPANDING TRADE 
AND INVESTMENT TIES BETWEEN SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA AND THE UNITED STATES. 
It is the policy of the United States to con-
tinue to— 
(1) seek to deepen and expand trade and in-
vestment ties between sub-Saharan Africa and the United States, including through the nego-tiation of accession by sub-Saharan African countries to the World Trade Organization and the negotiation of trade and investment frame-work agreements, bilateral investment treaties, and free trade agreements, as such agreements have the potential to catalyze greater trade and investment, facilitate additional investment in sub-Saharan Africa, further poverty reduction efforts, and promote economic growth; 
(2) seek to negotiate agreements with indi-
vidual sub-Saharan African countries as well as with the Regional Economic Communities, as appropriate; 
(3) promote full implementation of commit-
ments made under the WTO Agreement (as such term is defined in section 2(9) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(9)) be-
cause such actions are likely to improve utiliza-tion of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and promote trade and investment and because regular review to ensure continued compliance helps to maximize the benefits of the African Growth and Opportunity Act; and 
(4) promote the negotiation of trade agree-
ments that cover substantially all trade between parties to such agreements and, if other coun-tries seek to negotiate trade agreements that do not cover substantially all trade, continue to ob-ject in all appropriate forums. 
SEC. 109. AGRICULTURAL TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE FOR SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA. 
Section 13 of the AGOA Acceleration Act of 
2004 (19 U.S.C. 3701 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall identify not fewer than 
10 eligible sub-Saharan African countries as having the greatest’’ and inserting ‘‘, through the Secretary of Agriculture, shall identify eligi-ble sub-Saharan African countries that have’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘and complying with sanitary 
and phytosanitary rules of the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘, complying with sanitary and phytosanitary rules of the United States, and developing food safety standards’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘20’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’; and (B) by inserting after ‘‘from those countries’’ 
the following: ‘‘, particularly from businesses and sectors that engage women farmers and en-trepreneurs,’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—The President shall take 
such measures as are necessary to ensure ade-quate coordination of similar activities of agen-cies of the United States Government relating to agricultural technical assistance for sub-Saha-ran Africa.’’. 
SEC. 110. REPORTS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and bien-nially thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a report on the trade and investment relationship between the United States and sub- Saharan African countries and on the imple-mentation of this title and the amendments made by this title. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The report re-
quired by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A description of the status of trade and 
investment between the United States and sub- Saharan Africa, including information on lead-ing exports to the United States from sub-Saha-ran African countries. 
(B) Any changes in eligibility of sub-Saharan 
African countries during the period covered by the report. 
(C) A detailed analysis of whether each such 
beneficiary sub-Saharan African country is con-tinuing to meet the eligibility requirements set forth in section 104 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974. 
(D) A description of the status of regional in-
tegration efforts in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(E) A summary of United States trade capac-
ity building efforts. 
(F) Any other initiatives related to enhancing 
the trade and investment relationship between the United States and sub-Saharan African countries. 
(b) P
OTENTIAL TRADE AGREEMENTS REPORT .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the United States Trade Representative shall submit to Congress a report that— 
(1) identifies sub-Saharan African countries 
that have a expressed an interest in entering into a free trade agreement with the United States; 
(2) evaluates the viability and progress of 
such sub-Saharan African countries and other sub-Saharan African countries toward entering 
into a free trade agreement with the United States; and 
(3) describes a plan for negotiating and con-
cluding such agreements, which includes the elements described in subparagraphs (A) through (E) of section 116(b)(2) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
(c) T
ERMINATION .—The reporting requirements 
of this section shall cease to have any force or effect after September 30, 2025. 
SEC. 111. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
Section 104 of the African Growth and Oppor-
tunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703), as amended by sec-tion 106, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(a) I
NGEN-
ERAL.—’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 112. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) B ENEFICIARY SUB -SAHARAN AFRICAN COUN -
TRY.—The term ‘‘beneficiary sub-Saharan Afri-
can country’’ means a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country described in subsection (e) of section 506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (as redesig-nated by this Act). 
(2) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRY .—The term 
‘‘sub-Saharan African country’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED 
SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES 
SEC. 201. EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED SYSTEM 
OF PREFERENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 505 of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2465) is amended by striking ‘‘July 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendment made by 
subsection (a) shall apply to articles entered on or after the 30th day after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(2) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION FOR CERTAIN  
LIQUIDATIONS AND RELIQUIDATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 514 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1514) or any other provision of law and subject to subpara-graph (B), any entry of a covered article to which duty-free treatment or other preferential treatment under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) would have applied if the entry had been made on July 31, 2013, that was made— 
(i) after July 31, 2013, and (ii) before the effective date specified in para-
graph (1), 
shall be liquidated or reliquidated as though 
such entry occurred on the effective date speci-fied in paragraph (1). 
(B) R
EQUESTS .—A liquidation or reliquidation 
may be made under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to an entry only if a request therefor is filed with U.S. Customs and Border Protection not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act that contains sufficient in-formation to enable U.S. Customs and Border Protection— 
(i) to locate the entry; or (ii) to reconstruct the entry if it cannot be lo-
cated. 
(C) P
AYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED .—Any 
amounts owed by the United States pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation of an entry of a covered article under subparagraph (A) shall be paid, without interest, not later than 90 days after the date of the liquidation or reliquidation (as the case may be). 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) C OVERED ARTICLE .—The term ‘‘covered ar-
ticle’’ means an article from a country that is a beneficiary developing country under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) as of the effective date specified in paragraph (1). 
(B) E
NTER; ENTRY .—The terms ‘‘enter’’ and 
‘‘entry’’ include a withdrawal from warehouse for consumption. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4175 June 11, 2015 
SEC. 202. AUTHORITY TO DESIGNATE CERTAIN 
COTTON ARTICLES AS ELIGIBLE AR-TICLES ONLY FOR LEAST-DEVEL-OPED BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
Section 503(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2463(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN COTTON ARTICLES .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (3), the President may des-ignate as an eligible article or articles under subsection (a)(1)(B) only for countries des-ignated as least-developed beneficiary devel-oping countries under section 502(a)(2) cotton articles classifiable under subheading 5201.00.18, 5201.00.28, 5201.00.38, 5202.99.30, or 5203.00.30 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 203. APPLICATION OF COMPETITIVE NEED 
LIMITATION AND WAIVER UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREF-ERENCES WITH RESPECT TO ARTI-CLES OF BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES EXPORTED TO THE UNITED STATES DURING CALENDAR YEAR 2014. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of applying 
and administering subsections (c)(2) and (d) of section 503 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463) with respect to an article described in sub-section (b) of this section, subsections (c)(2) and (d) of section 503 of such Act shall be applied and administered by substituting ‘‘October 1’’ for ‘‘July 1’’ each place such date appears. 
(b) A
RTICLE DESCRIBED .—An article described 
in this subsection is an article of a beneficiary developing country that is designated by the President as an eligible article under subsection (a) of section 503 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463) and with respect to which a deter-mination described in subsection (c)(2)(A) of such section was made with respect to exports (directly or indirectly) to the United States of such eligible article during calendar year 2014 by the beneficiary developing country. 
SEC. 204. TRAVEL GOODS. 
Section 503(b)(1)(E) of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2463(b)(1)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘handbags, luggage, flat goods,’’. 
TITLE III—EXTENSION OF PREFERENTIAL 
DUTY TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR HAITI 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF PREFERENTIAL DUTY 
TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR HAITI. 
Section 213A of the Caribbean Basin Economic 
Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2703a) is amended as follows: 
(1) Subsection (b) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (B)(v)(I), by amending 
item (cc) to read as follows: 
‘‘(cc) 60 percent or more during the 1-year pe-
riod beginning on December 20, 2017, and each of the 7 succeeding 1-year periods.’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in the table, by striking ‘‘succeeding 11 1- 
year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1- year periods’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘December 19, 2018’’ and in-
serting ‘‘December 19, 2025’’. 
(B) Paragraph (2) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘11 
succeeding 1-year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1-year periods’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by striking ‘‘11 
succeeding 1-year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1-year periods’’. 
(2) Subsection (h) is amended by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
TITLE IV—TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN ARTICLES 
SEC. 401. TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF REC-
REATIONAL PERFORMANCE OUTER-WEAR. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO ADDITIONAL U.S. 
NOTES.—The Additional U.S. Notes to chapter 62 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the 
United States are amended— 
(1) in Additional U.S. Note 2— (A) by striking ‘‘For the purposes of sub-
headings’’ and all that follows through ‘‘6211.20.15’’ and inserting ‘‘For purposes of this chapter’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘garments classifiable in those 
subheadings’’ and inserting ‘‘a garment’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘D 3600-81’’ and inserting ‘‘D 
3779–81’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
notes: 
‘‘3. (a) For purposes of this chapter, the term 
‘recreational performance outerwear’ means trousers (including, but not limited to, paddling pants, ski or snowboard pants, and ski or snowboard pants intended for sale as parts of ski-suits), coveralls and bib overalls, and jackets (including, but not limited to, full zip jackets, paddling jackets, ski jackets, and ski jackets in-tended for sale as parts of ski-suits), wind-breakers, and similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets) composed of fabrics of cotton, wool, hemp, bamboo, silk, or manmade fiber, or a combination of such fibers, that are either water resistant or treated with plastics, or both, with critically sealed seams, and with 5 or more of the following features: 
‘‘(i) Insulation for cold weather protection. ‘‘(ii) Pockets, at least one of which has a 
zippered, hook and loop, or other type of clo-sure. 
‘‘(iii) Elastic, drawcord, or other means of 
tightening around the waist or leg hems, includ-ing hidden leg sleeves with a means of tight-ening at the ankle for trousers and tightening around the waist or bottom hem for jackets. 
‘‘(iv) Venting, not including grommet(s). ‘‘(v) Articulated elbows or knees. ‘‘(vi) Reinforcement in one of the following 
areas: the elbows, shoulders, seat, knees, ankles, or cuffs. 
‘‘(vii) Weatherproof closure at the waist or 
front. 
‘‘(viii) Multi-adjustable hood or adjustable 
collar. 
‘‘(ix) Adjustable powder skirt, inner protective 
skirt, or adjustable inner protective cuff at sleeve hem. 
‘‘(x) Construction at the arm gusset that uti-
lizes fabric, design, or patterning to allow radial arm movement. 
‘‘(xi) Odor control technology. 
The term ‘recreational performance outerwear’ 
does not include occupational outerwear. 
‘‘(b) For purposes of this Note, the following 
terms have the following meanings: 
‘‘(i) The term ‘treated with plastics’ refers to 
textile fabrics impregnated, coated, covered, or laminated with plastics, as described in Note 2 to chapter 59. 
‘‘(ii) The term ‘sealed seams’ means seams that 
have been covered by means of taping, gluing, bonding, cementing, fusing, welding, or a simi-lar process so that water cannot pass through the seams when tested in accordance with the current version of AATCC Test Method 35. 
‘‘(iii) The term ‘critically sealed seams’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) for jackets, windbreakers, and similar ar-
ticles (including padded, sleeveless jackets), sealed seams that are sealed at the front and back yokes, or at the shoulders, arm holes, or both, where applicable; and 
‘‘(B) for trousers, overalls and bib overalls 
and similar articles, sealed seams that are sealed at the front (up to the zipper or other means of closure) and back rise. 
‘‘(iv) The term ‘insulation for cold weather 
protection’ means insulation with either syn-thetic fill, down, a laminated thermal backing, or other lining for thermal protection from cold weather. 
‘‘(v) The term ‘venting’ refers to closeable or 
permanent constructed openings in a garment (excluding front, primary zipper closures and grommet(s)) to allow increased expulsion of 
built-up heat during outdoor activities. In a jacket, such openings are often positioned on the underarm seam of a garment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment. In trousers, such openings are often positioned on the inner or outer leg seams of a garment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment. 
‘‘(vi) The term ‘articulated elbows or knees’ 
refers to the construction of a sleeve (or pant leg) to allow improved mobility at the elbow (or knee) through the use of extra seams, darts, gussets, or other means. 
‘‘(vii) The term ‘reinforcement’ refers to the 
use of a double layer of fabric or section(s) of fabric that is abrasion-resistant or otherwise more durable than the face fabric of the gar-ment. 
‘‘(viii) The term ‘weatherproof closure’ means 
a closure (including, but not limited to, lami-nated or coated zippers, storm flaps, or other weatherproof construction) that has been rein-forced or engineered in a manner to reduce the penetration or absorption of moisture or air through an opening in the garment. 
‘‘(ix) The term ‘multi-adjustable hood or ad-
justable collar’ means, in the case of a hood, a hood into which is incorporated two or more draw cords, adjustment tabs, or elastics, or, in the case of a collar, a collar into which is incor-porated at least one draw cord, adjustment tab, elastic, or similar component, to allow volume adjustments around a helmet, or the crown of the head, neck, or face. 
‘‘(x) The terms ‘adjustable powder skirt’ and 
‘inner protective skirt’ refer to a partial lower inner lining with means of tightening around the waist for additional protection from the ele-ments. 
‘‘(xi) The term ‘arm gusset’ means construc-
tion at the arm of a gusset that utilizes an extra fabric piece in the underarm, usually diamond- or triangular-shaped, designed, or patterned to allow radial arm movement. 
‘‘(xii) The term ‘radial arm movement’ refers 
to unrestricted, 180-degree range of motion for the arm while wearing performance outerwear. 
‘‘(xiii) The term ‘odor control technology’ 
means the incorporation into a fabric or gar-ment of materials, including, but not limited to, activated carbon, silver, copper, or any com-bination thereof, capable of adsorbing, absorb-ing, or reacting with human odors, or effective in reducing the growth of odor-causing bacteria. 
‘‘(xiv) The term ‘occupational outerwear’ 
means outerwear garments, including uniforms, designed or marketed for use in the workplace or at a worksite to provide durable protection from cold or inclement weather and/or work-place hazards, such as fire, electrical, abrasion, or chemical hazards, or impacts, cuts, punc-tures, or similar hazards. 
‘‘(c) Notwithstanding subdivision (b)(i) of this 
Note, for purposes of this chapter, Notes 1 and 2(a)(1) to chapter 59 and Note 1(c) to chapter 60 shall be disregarded in classifying goods as ‘rec-reational performance outerwear’. 
‘‘(d) For purposes of this chapter, the importer 
of record shall maintain internal import records that specify upon entry whether garments claimed as recreational performance outerwear have an outer surface that is water resistant, treated with plastics, or a combination thereof, and shall further enumerate the specific fea-tures that make the garments eligible to be clas-sified as recreational performance outerwear.’’. 
(b) T
ARIFF CLASSIFICATIONS .—Chapter 62 of 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
(1) By striking subheading 6201.11.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6201.11 having the same de-gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.11.00 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4176 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6201.11 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
6201.11.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................ 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
6201.11.10 Other ......................................................................................................... 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(2) By striking subheadings 6201.12.10 and 
6201.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.12.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6201.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.12.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 9.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ..................................................................................... 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6201.12.20 Other ............................................................................................................... . 9.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(3) By striking subheadings 6201.13.10 through 
6201.13.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.13.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6201.13.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.13.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................... 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6201.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down .............................................................. 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair .......... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4177 June 11, 2015 
6201.13.40 Other ...................................................................................................... 27.7% Fre e (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(4) By striking subheadings 6201.19.10 and 
6201.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.19.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6201.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.19.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6201.19.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ............................... Free 35% 
6201.19.90 Other ............................................................................................................... . 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(5) By striking subheadings 6201.91.10 and 
6201.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.91.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6201.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4178 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6201.91.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 
7.8% (OM) 58.5% 
Other: 
6201.91.10 Padded, sleeveless jackets ............................................................................ 8.5% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 3.4% (OM) 58.5% 
6201.91.20 Other ......................................................................................................... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 
7.8% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(6) By striking subheadings 6201.92.10 through 
6201.92.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.92.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6201.92.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.92.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 9.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6201.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ..................................................................................... 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.92.15 Water resistant ............................................................................................... 6.2% F ree (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
6201.92.20 Other ............................................................................................................. 9. 4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(7) By striking subheadings 6201.93.10 through 
6201.93.35 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.93.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6201.93.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.93.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................... 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4179 June 11, 2015 
6201.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down .............................................................. 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.93.20 Padded, sleeveless jackets ......................................................................... 14.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6201.93.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ....... 49.5 ¢/kg + 
19.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6201.93.30 Water resistant .................................................................................. 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6201.93.35 Other ................................................................................................ 27.7% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(8) By striking subheadings 6201.99.10 and 
6201.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.99.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6201.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.99.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 4.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% 
Other: 
6201.99.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ............................... Free 35% 
6201.99.90 Other ............................................................................................................... . 4.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% ’’. 
(9) By striking subheading 6202.11.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6202.11 having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.11.00 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4180 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6202.11 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
6202.11.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................ 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
6202.11.10 Other ......................................................................................................... 41 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(10) By striking subheadings 6202.12.10 and 
6202.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.12.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6202.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.12.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 8.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ..................................................................................... 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6202.12.20 Other ............................................................................................................... . 8.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(11) By striking subheadings 6202.13.10 
through 6202.13.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.13.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6202.13.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.13.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................... 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down .............................................................. 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair .......... 43.5 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4181 June 11, 2015 
6202.13.40 Other ...................................................................................................... 27.7% Fre e (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(12) By striking subheadings 6202.19.10 and 
6202.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.19.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6202.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.19.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6202.19.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight or silk or silk waste .............................. Free 35% 
6202.19.90 Other ............................................................................................................... . 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(13) By striking subheadings 6202.91.10 and 
6202.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.91.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6202.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4182 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6202.91.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................... 36 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 58.5% 
Other: 
6202.91.10 Padded, sleeveless jackets ............................................................................ 14% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 5.6% (OM) 58.5% 
6202.91.20 Other ......................................................................................................... 36 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(14) By striking subheadings 6202.92.10 
through 6202.92.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.92.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6202.92.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.92.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 8.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ..................................................................................... 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.92.15 Water resistant ............................................................................................... 6.2% F ree (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
6202.92.20 Other ............................................................................................................. 8. 9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(15) By striking subheadings 6202.93.10 
through 6202.93.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.93.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6202.93.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.93.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................... 27.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4183 June 11, 2015 
6202.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down .............................................................. 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.93.20 Padded, sleeveless jackets ......................................................................... 14.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6202.93.40 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ....... 43.4 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6202.93.45 Water resistant .................................................................................. 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6202.93.50 Other ................................................................................................ 27.7% Free (BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(16) By striking subheadings 6202.99.10 and 
6202.99.90 and inserting the following, with the 
article description for subheading 6202.99.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6202.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4184 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6202.99.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6202.99.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ............................... Free 35% 
6202.99.90 Other ............................................................................................................... . 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(17) By striking subheadings 6203.41 and 
6203.41.05, and the superior text to subheading 6203.41.05, and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.41 having 
the same degree of indentation as the article de-scription for subheading 6203.41 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this 
Act): 
‘‘ 6203.41 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
6203.41.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................ 41.9 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.7¢/kg + 
6.5% (OM) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6203.41.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, with-
out belt loops, weighing more than 9 kg per dozen ..................................... 7.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.8% (AU) 3% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(18) By striking subheadings 6203.42.10 
through 6203.42.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.42.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6203.42.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6203.42.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 16.6% Free  (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6203.42.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ..................................................................................... Free 60% 
Other: 
6203.42.20 Bib and brace overalls .................................................................................... 10.3% Free  (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6203.42.40 Other ............................................................................................................. 16 .6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(19) By striking subheadings 6203.43.10 
through 6203.43.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.43.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6203.43.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4185 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6203.43.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................... 27.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6203.43.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down .............................................................. Free 60% 
Other: 
Bib and brace overalls: 
6203.43.15 Water resistant ..................................................................................... 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6203.43.20 Other ................................................................................................... 14.9% Free ( BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6203.43.25 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products .......................................... 12.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6203.43.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair .... 49.6 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6203.43.35 Water resistant trousers or breeches ................................................. 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 2.8% (KR) 65% 
6203.43.40 Other ............................................................................................. 27.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(20) By striking subheadings 6203.49 through 
6203.49.80 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.49 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6203.49 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this 
Act): 
‘‘ 6203.49 Of other textile materials: 
6203.49.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................. 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% 
Other: 
Of artificial fibers: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4186 June 11, 2015 
6203.49.10 Bib and brace overalls ................................................................................. 8.5% Free (BH , 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 76% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6203.49.15 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products .............................................. 12.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6203.49.20 Other ....................................................................................................... 27.9% Fr ee (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6203.49.40 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ............................ Free 35% 
6203.49.80 Other ............................................................................................................. 2. 8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% ’’. 
(21) By striking subheadings 6204.61.10 and 
6204.61.90 and inserting the following, with the 
article description for subheading 6204.61.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6204.61.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4187 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6204.61.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 13.6% Free  (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
Other: 
6204.61.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without belt 
loops, weighing more than 6 kg per dozen ........................................................... 7.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3% (OM) 6.8% (AU) 58.5% 
6204.61.90 Other ............................................................................................................... . 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% ’’. 
(22) By striking subheadings 6204.62.10 
through 6204.62.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.62.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6204.62.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6204.62.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 16.6% Free  (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6204.62.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ..................................................................................... Free 60% 
Other: 
6204.62.20 Bib and brace overalls .................................................................................... 8.9% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6204.62.30 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ................................................. 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 37.5% 
6204.62.40 Other .......................................................................................................... 16.6%  Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(23) By striking subheadings 6204.63.10 
through 6204.63.35 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.63.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6204.63.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4188 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6204.63.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 28.6% Free  (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6204.63.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ..................................................................................... Free 60% 
Other: 
Bib and brace overalls: 
6204.63.12 Water resistant ............................................................................................ 7.1% Free  (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6204.63.15 Other .......................................................................................................... 14.9%  Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6204.63.20 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products .................................................... 11.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6204.63.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ............. 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
Other: 
6204.63.30 Water resistant trousers or breeches .......................................................... 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6204.63.35 Other ....................................................................................................... 28.6% Fr ee (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(24) By striking subheadings 6204.69 through 
6204.69.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.69 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6204.69 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this 
Act): 
‘‘ 6204.69 Of other textile materials: 
6204.69.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................. 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
Of artificial fibers: 
6204.69.10 Bib and brace overalls ................................................................................. 13.6% Free (B H, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4189 June 11, 2015 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6204.69.20 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair .......... 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
6204.69.25 Other ....................................................................................................... 28.6% Fr ee (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Of silk or silk waste: 
6204.69.40 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ......................... 1.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, J, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6204.69.60 Other .......................................................................................................... 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6204.69.90 Other ............................................................................................................. 2. 8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(25) By striking subheadings 6210.40.30 and 
6210.40.50 and inserting the following, with the 
article description for subheading 6210.40.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6210.40.30 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4190 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6210.40.05 Recreational performance outerwear 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
Other: 
6210.40.30 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber 
or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric ................... 3.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.40.50 Other ............................................................................................................... . 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
(26) By striking subheadings 6210.50.30 and 
6210.50.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.50.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6210.50.30 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6210.50.05 Recreational performance outerwear 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
Other: 
6210.50.30 Having an outer surface impreg- nated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber 
or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric ................... 3.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.50.50 Other ............................................................................................................... . 7.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
(27) By striking subheading 6211.32.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6211.32 having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.32.00 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4191 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6211.32 Of cotton: 
6211.32.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................. 8.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
6211.32.10 Other ............................................................................................................... . 8.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% ’’. 
(28) By striking subheading 6211.33.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6211.33 having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.33.00 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.33 Of man-made fibers: 
6211.33.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................. 16% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% 
6211.33.10 Other ............................................................................................................... . 16% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% ’’. 
(29) By striking subheadings 6211.39.05 
through 6211.39.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.39.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: ..................................................................................................................
6211.39.10 Of wool or fine animal hair ................................................................................ 12% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 58.5% 
6211.39.20 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ............................... 0.5% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6211.39.90 Other ............................................................................................................... . 2.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(30) By striking subheading 6211.42.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6211.42 having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.42.00 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.42 Of cotton: 
6211.42.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................. 8.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4192 June 11, 2015 
6211.42.10 Other ............................................................................................................... . 8.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(31) By striking subheading 6211.43.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6211.43 having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.43.00 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.43 Of man-made fibers: 
6211.43.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................. 16% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% 
6211.43.10 Other ............................................................................................................... . 16% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% ’’. 
(32) By striking subheadings 6211.49.10 
through 6211.49.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.49.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6211.49.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.49.05 Recreational performance outerwear ..................................................................... 7.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% 
Other: 
6211.49.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ............................... 1.2% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6211.49.41 Of wool or fine animal hair ................................................................................ 12% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
6211.49.90 Other ............................................................................................................... . 7.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% ’’. 
SEC. 402. DUTY TREATMENT OF SPECIALIZED 
ATHLETIC FOOTWEAR. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SPECIALIZED ATHLETIC  
FOOTWEAR .—The Additional U.S. Notes to chap-
ter 64 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘6. For the purposes of this chapter, the term 
‘specialized athletic footwear’ includes footwear (other than footwear described in Subheading 
Note 1 or Additional U.S. Note 2) that is de-signed to be worn chiefly for sports or athletic purposes, hiking shoes, trekking shoes, and trail running shoes, the foregoing valued over $24/ pair and which provides protection against water that is imparted by the use of a coated or laminated textile fabric.’’. (b) D
UTYTREATMENT FOR SPECIALIZED ATH-
LETIC FOOTWEAR .—Chapter 64 of the Har-
monized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
(1) By inserting after subheading 6402.91.40 
the following new subheading, with the article description for subheading 6402.91.42 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-scription for subheading 6402.91.40: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4193 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6402.91.42 Specialized athletic footwear (except footwear with waterproof molded bottoms, in-
cluding bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper and except footwear with insulation that provides protection against cold weather), whose height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does not exceed 15.34 cm ....................................................................................................................... 20% Fr ee (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, D, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, R, SG) .. 35% ’’. 
(2) By inserting immediately preceding sub-
heading 6402.99.33 the following new sub-heading, with the article description for sub-
heading 6402.99.32 having the same degree of in-dentation as the article description for sub-
heading 6402.99.33: 
‘‘ 6402.99.32 Specialized athletic footwear ................................................................................. 20%  Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, D, IL, JO, MA, MX, P) 1% (PA) 6% (OM) 6% (PE) 12% (CO) 20% (KR) 35% ’’. 
(c) S TAGED RATEREDUCTIONS .—The staged re-
ductions in special rates of duty proclaimed for subheading 6402.99.90 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be applied to subheading 6402.99.32 of such Schedule, as added by subsection (b)(2), beginning in cal-endar year 2016. 
SEC. 403. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title and the amendments made by this 
title shall— 
(1) take effect on the 15th day after the date 
of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) apply to articles entered, or withdrawn 
from warehouse for consumption, on or after such 15th day. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 501. REPORT ON CONTRIBUTION OF TRADE 
PREFERENCE PROGRAMS TO REDUC-ING POVERTY AND ELIMINATING HUNGER. 
Not later than one year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the President shall sub-mit to Congress a report assessing the contribu-tion of the trade preference programs of the United States, including the Generalized System of Preferences under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.), the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), and the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), to the reduction of poverty and the elimination of hunger. 
TITLE VI—OFFSETS 
SEC. 601. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘July 7, 2025’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States–Korea 
Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by striking ‘‘June 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 602. TIME FOR PAYMENT OF CORPORATE ES-
TIMATED TAXES. 
Notwithstanding section 6655 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of a corpora-tion with assets of not less than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of the end of the preceding tax-able year)— 
(1) the amount of any required installment of 
corporate estimated tax which is otherwise due in July, August, or September of 2020 shall be increased by 5.25 percent of such amount (deter-mined without regard to any increase in such amount not contained in such Code); and 
(2) the amount of the next required install-
ment after an installment referred to in para-graph (1) shall be appropriately reduced to re-
flect the amount of the increase by reason of such paragraph. 
SEC. 603. IMPROVED INFORMATION REPORTING 
ON UNREPORTED AND UNDER-REPORTED FINANCIAL ACCOUNTS. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF MINIMUM INTEREST RE-
QUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6049(a) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘aggregating $10 or more’’ each place it ap-pears. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subpara-
graph (C) of section 6049(d)(5) of such Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘which involves the payment 
of $10 or more of interest’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘
IN THE CASE OF TRANSACTIONS  
INVOLVING $10 OR MORE ’’ in the heading. 
(3) E FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made 
by this subsection shall apply to returns filed after December 31, 2015. 
(b) R
EPORTING OF NON-INTEREST BEARING DE-
POSITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subpart B of part III of sub-
chapter A of chapter 61 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after sec-tion 6049 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6049A. RETURNS REGARDING NON-INTER-
EST BEARING DEPOSITS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT OF REPORTING .—Every 
person who holds a reportable deposit during any calendar year shall make a return accord-ing to the forms or regulations prescribed by the Secretary, setting forth the name and address of the person for whom such deposit was held. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORTABLE DEPOSIT .—For purposes of 
this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘reportable de-
posit’ means— 
‘‘(A) any amount on deposit with— ‘‘(i) a person carrying on a banking business, ‘‘(ii) a mutual savings bank, a savings and 
loan association, a building and loan associa-tion, a cooperative bank, a homestead associa-tion, a credit union, an industrial loan associa-tion or bank, or any similar organization, 
‘‘(iii) a broker (as defined in section 6045(c)), 
or 
‘‘(iv) any other person provided in regulations 
prescribed by the Secretary, or 
‘‘(B) to the extent provided by the Secretary 
in regulations, any amount held by an insur-ance company, an investment company (as de-fined in section 3 of the Investment Company Act of 1940), or held in other pooled funds or trusts. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Such term shall not in-
clude— 
‘‘(A) any amount with respect to which a re-
port is made under section 6049, ‘‘(B) any amount on deposit with or held by 
a natural person, 
‘‘(C) except to the extent provided in regula-
tions, any amount— 
‘‘(i) held with respect to a person described in 
section 6049(b)(4), 
‘‘(ii) with respect to which section 6049(b)(5) 
would apply if a payment were made with re-spect to such amount, or 
‘‘(iii) on deposit with or held by a person de-
scribed in section 6049(b)(2)(C), or 
‘‘(D) any amount for which the Secretary de-
termines there is already sufficient reporting. 
‘‘(c) S
TATEMENTS TOBEFURNISHED TO PER-
SONS WITHRESPECT TO WHOM INFORMATION IS 
REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Every person required to 
make a return under subsection (a) shall fur-nish to each person whose name is required to be set forth in such return a written statement showing— 
‘‘(A) the name, address, and phone number of 
the information contact of the person required to make such return, and 
‘‘(B) the reportable account with respect to 
which such return was made. 
‘‘(2) T
IME AND FORM OF STATEMENT .—The 
written statement under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) shall be furnished at a time and in a 
manner similar to the time and manner that statements are required to be filed under section 6049(c)(2), and 
‘‘(B) shall be in such form as the Secretary 
may prescribe by regulations. 
‘‘(d) P
ERSON .—For purposes of this section, 
the term ‘person’, when referring to the person for whom a deposit is held, includes any govern-mental unit and any agency or instrumentality thereof and any international organization and any agency or instrumentality thereof.’’. 
(2) A
SSESSABLE PENALTIES .— 
(A) F AILURE TO FILE RETURN .—Subparagraph 
(B) of section 6724(d)(1) of such Code is amend-ed by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (xxiv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (xxv) and inserting ‘‘or’’, and by inserting after clause (xxv) the following new clause: 
‘‘(xxvi) section 6049A(a) (relating to returns 
regarding non-interest bearing deposits), and’’. 
(B) F
AILURE TO FILE PAYEE STATEMENT .— 
Paragraph (2) of section 6724(d) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (GG), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (HH) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by inserting after subparagraph (HH) the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(II) section 6049A(c) (relating to returns re-
garding non-interest bearing deposits).’’. 
(3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tion for subpart B of part III of subchapter A of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4194 June 11, 2015 
chapter 61 of such Code is amended by inserting 
after the item relating to section 6049 the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘Sec. 6049A. Returns regarding non-interest 
bearing deposits.’’. 
(4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made 
by this subsection shall apply to returns filed after December 31, 2015. 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to 
extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes.’’. 
MOTION OFFERED BY MR . RYAN OF WISCONSIN  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I have a motion at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the motion. 
The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Ryan of Wisconsin moves that the 
House concur in the Senate amendment to the title of H.R. 1295 and concur in the Sen-ate amendment to the text of H.R. 1295 with amendment No. 1 submitted for printing in the Congressional Record. 
The text of the House amendment to 
the Senate amendments to the text is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted by the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—EXTENSION OF AFRICAN 
GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY ACT 
Sec. 101. Short title. 
Sec. 102. Findings. Sec. 103. Extension of African Growth and 
Opportunity Act. 
Sec. 104. Modifications of rules of origin for 
duty-free treatment for articles of beneficiary sub-Saharan Af-rican countries under General-ized System of Preferences. 
Sec. 105. Monitoring and review of eligi-
bility under Generalized Sys-tem of Preferences. 
Sec. 106. Promotion of the role of women in 
social and economic develop-ment in sub-Saharan Africa. 
Sec. 107. Biennial AGOA utilization strate-
gies. 
Sec. 108. Deepening and expanding trade and 
investment ties between sub- Saharan Africa and the United States. 
Sec. 109. Agricultural technical assistance 
for sub-Saharan Africa. 
Sec. 110. Reports. Sec. 111. Technical amendments. Sec. 112. Definitions. 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED 
SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES 
Sec. 201. Extension of Generalized System of 
Preferences. 
Sec. 202. Authority to designate certain cot-
ton articles as eligible articles only for least-developed bene-ficiary developing countries under Generalized System of Preferences. 
Sec. 203. Application of competitive need 
limitation and waiver under Generalized System of Pref-erences with respect to articles of beneficiary developing coun-tries exported to the United States during calendar year 2014. Sec. 204. Eligibility of certain luggage and 
travel articles for duty-free treatment under the General-ized System of Preferences. 
TITLE III—EXTENSION OF PREF-
ERENTIAL DUTY TREATMENT PRO-GRAM FOR HAITI 
Sec. 301. Extension of preferential duty 
treatment program for Haiti. 
TITLE IV—TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN ARTICLES 
Sec. 401. Tariff classification of recreational 
performance outerwear. 
Sec. 402. Duty treatment of protective ac-
tive footwear. 
Sec. 403. Effective date. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Sec. 501. Report on contribution of trade 
preference programs to reduc-ing poverty and eliminating hunger. 
TITLE VI—OFFSETS 
Sec. 601. Customs user fees. 
Sec. 602. Time for payment of corporate esti-
mated taxes. 
Sec. 603. Elimination of modification of the 
Medicare sequester for fiscal year 2024. 
Sec. 604. Payee statement required to claim 
certain education tax benefits. 
Sec. 605. Special rule for educational insti-
tutions unable to collect TINs of individuals with respect to higher education tuition and related expenses. 
Sec. 606. Penalty for failure to file correct 
information returns and pro-vide payee statements. 
TITLE I—EXTENSION OF AFRICAN 
GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY ACT 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘AGOA Ex-
tension and Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Since its enactment, the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act has been the centerpiece of trade relations between the United States and sub-Saharan Africa and has enhanced trade, investment, job cre-ation, and democratic institutions through-out Africa. 
(2) Trade and investment, as facilitated by 
the African Growth and Opportunity Act, promote economic growth, development, poverty reduction, democracy, the rule of law, and stability in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(3) Trade between the United States and 
sub-Saharan Africa has more than tripled since the enactment of the African Growth and Opportunity Act in 2000, and United States direct investment in sub-Saharan Af-rica has grown almost six-fold. 
(4) It is in the interest of the United States 
to engage and compete in emerging markets in sub-Saharan African countries, to boost trade and investment between the United States and sub-Saharan African countries, and to renew and strengthen the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
(5) The long-term economic security of the 
United States is enhanced by strong eco-nomic and political ties with the fastest- growing economies in the world, many of which are in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(6) It is a goal of the United States to fur-
ther integrate sub-Saharan African countries into the global economy, stimulate economic development in Africa, and diversify sources of growth in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(7) To that end, implementation of the 
Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Organization would strengthen regional integration efforts in sub-Saharan Africa and contribute to economic growth in the region. (8) The elimination of barriers to trade and 
investment in sub-Saharan Africa, including high tariffs, forced localization require-ments, restrictions on investment, and cus-toms barriers, will create opportunities for workers, businesses, farmers, and ranchers in the United States and sub-Saharan African countries. 
(9) The elimination of such barriers will 
improve utilization of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and strengthen regional and global integration, accelerate economic growth in sub-Saharan Africa, and enhance the trade relationship between the United States and sub-Saharan Africa. 
SEC. 103. EXTENSION OF AFRICAN GROWTH AND 
OPPORTUNITY ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 506B of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466b) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(b) A
FRICAN GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY  
ACT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 112(g) of the Afri-
can Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(g)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(2) E
XTENSION OF REGIONAL APPAREL ARTI -
CLE PROGRAM .—Section 112(b)(3)(A) of the Af-
rican Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(b)(3)(A)) is amended— 
(A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘11 suc-
ceeding’’ and inserting ‘‘21 succeeding’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(3) E
XTENSION OF THIRD -COUNTRY FABRIC  
PROGRAM .—Section 112(c)(1) of the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3721(c)(1)) is amended— 
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘S
EPTEMBER 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘S EP-
TEMBER 30, 2025’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 104. MODIFICATIONS OF RULES OF ORIGIN 
FOR DUTY-FREE TREATMENT FOR ARTICLES OF BENEFICIARY SUB-SA-HARAN AFRICAN COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREF-ERENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 506A(b)(2) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the direct costs of processing oper-
ations performed in one or more such bene-ficiary sub-Saharan African countries or former beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries shall be applied in determining such percentage.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY TO ARTICLES RECEIVING  
DUTY-FREE TREATMENT UNDER TITLE V OF 
TRADE ACT OF 1974.—Section 506A(b) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) R
ULES OF ORIGIN UNDER THIS TITLE .— 
The exceptions set forth in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (2) shall also apply to any article described in section 503(a)(1) that is the growth, product, or man-ufacture of a beneficiary sub-Saharan Afri-can country for purposes of any determina-tion to provide duty-free treatment with re-spect to such article.’’. 
(c) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE HARMONIZED TAR-
IFFSCHEDULE .—The President may proclaim 
such modifications as may be necessary to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) to add the special tariff 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.004 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4195 June 11, 2015 
treatment symbol ‘‘D’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ sub-
column of the HTS for each article classified under a heading or subheading with the spe-cial tariff treatment symbol ‘‘A’’ or ‘‘A*’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ subcolumn of the HTS. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsections (a) and (b) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to any article described in section 503(b)(1)(B) through (G) of the Trade Act of 1974 that is the growth, product, or manufacture of a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country and that is imported into the customs territory of the United States on or after the date that is 30 days after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 105. MONITORING AND REVIEW OF ELIGI-
BILITY UNDER GENERALIZED SYS-TEM OF PREFERENCES. 
(a) C ONTINUING COMPLIANCE .—Section 
506A(a)(3) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a(a)(3)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘If the President’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the President’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION .—The President may not 
terminate the designation of a country as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country under subparagraph (A) unless, at least 60 days before the termination of such designa-tion, the President notifies Congress and no-tifies the country of the President’s inten-tion to terminate such designation, together with the considerations entering into the de-cision to terminate such designation.’’. 
(b) W
ITHDRAWAL , SUSPENSION , ORLIMITA -
TION OF PREFERENTIAL TARIFF TREATMENT .— 
Section 506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) W
ITHDRAWAL , SUSPENSION , ORLIMITA -
TION OF PREFERENTIAL TARIFF TREATMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President may with-
draw, suspend, or limit the application of duty-free treatment provided for any article described in subsection (b)(1) of this section or section 112 of the African Growth and Op-portunity Act with respect to a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country if the President determines that withdrawing, suspending, or limiting such duty-free treatment would be more effective in promoting compliance by the country with the requirements described in subsection (a)(1) than terminating the des-ignation of the country as a beneficiary sub- Saharan African country for purposes of this section. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The President may not 
withdraw, suspend, or limit the application of duty-free treatment under paragraph (1) unless, at least 60 days before such with-drawal, suspension, or limitation, the Presi-dent notifies Congress and notifies the coun-try of the President’s intention to withdraw, suspend, or limit such duty-free treatment, together with the considerations entering into the decision to terminate such designa-tion.’’. 
(c) R
EVIEW AND PUBLIC COMMENTS ON ELIGI-
BILITY REQUIREMENTS .—Section 506A of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a), as so amended, is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW AND PUBLIC COMMENTS ON ELI-
GIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out sub-
section (a)(2), the President shall publish an-nually in the Federal Register a notice of re-view and request for public comments on whether beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries are meeting the eligibility require-ments set forth in section 104 of the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligi-bility criteria set forth in section 502 of this Act. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLIC HEARING .—The United States 
Trade Representative shall, not later than 30 days after the date on which the President publishes the notice of review and request for public comments under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) hold a public hearing on such review 
and request for public comments; and 
‘‘(B) publish in the Federal Register, before 
such hearing is held, notice of— 
‘‘(i) the time and place of such hearing; and ‘‘(ii) the time and place at which such pub-
lic comments will be accepted. 
‘‘(3) P
ETITION PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the President shall establish a proc-ess to allow any interested person, at any time, to file a petition with the Office of the United States Trade Representative with re-spect to the compliance of any country listed in section 107 of the African Growth and Op-portunity Act with the eligibility require-ments set forth in section 104 of such Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of this Act. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF PETITIONS .—The President 
shall take into account all petitions filed pursuant to subparagraph (A) in making de-terminations of compliance under sub-sections (a)(3)(A) and (c) and in preparing any reports required by this title as such re-ports apply with respect to beneficiary sub- Saharan African countries. 
‘‘(4) O
UT-OF-CYCLE REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The President may, at 
any time, initiate an out-of-cycle review of whether a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country is making continual progress in meeting the requirements described in para-graph (1). The President shall give due con-sideration to petitions received under para-graph (3) in determining whether to initiate an out-of-cycle review under this subpara-graph. 
‘‘(B) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Before 
initiating an out-of-cycle review under sub-paragraph (A), the President shall notify and consult with Congress. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSEQUENCES OF REVIEW .—If, pursu-
ant to an out-of-cycle review conducted under subparagraph (A), the President deter-mines that a beneficiary sub-Saharan Afri-can country does not meet the requirements set forth in section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)), the President shall, subject to the requirements of subsections (a)(3)(B) and 
(c)(2), terminate the designation of the coun-try as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country or withdraw, suspend, or limit the application of duty-free treatment with re-spect to articles from the country. 
‘‘(D) R
EPORTS .—After each out-of-cycle re-
view conducted under subparagraph (A) with respect to a country, the President shall sub-mit to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the review and any determination of the President to terminate the designation of the country as a beneficiary sub-Saharan Af-rican country or withdraw, suspend, or limit the application of duty-free treatment with respect to articles from the country under subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(E) I
NITIATION OF OUT -OF-CYCLE REVIEWS  
FOR CERTAIN COUNTRIES .—Recognizing that 
concerns have been raised about the compli-ance with section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)) of some beneficiary sub-Saharan Af-rican countries, the President shall initiate an out-of-cycle review under subparagraph (A) with respect to South Africa, the most developed of the beneficiary sub-Saharan Af-
rican countries, and other beneficiary coun-tries as appropriate, not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 106. PROMOTION OF THE ROLE OF WOMEN 
IN SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC DEVEL-OPMENT IN SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—Section 103 of 
the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3702) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) promoting the role of women in so-
cial, political, and economic development in sub-Saharan Africa.’’. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .—Section 
104(a)(1)(A) of the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)(1)(A)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘for men and women’’ after ‘‘rights’’. 
SEC. 107. BIENNIAL AGOA UTILIZATION STRATE-
GIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress 
that— 
(1) beneficiary sub-Saharan African coun-
tries should develop utilization strategies on a biennial basis in order to more effectively and strategically utilize benefits available under the African Growth and Opportunity Act (in this section referred to as ‘‘AGOA utilization strategies’’); 
(2) United States trade capacity building 
agencies should work with, and provide ap-propriate resources to, such sub-Saharan Af-rican countries to assist in developing and implementing biennial AGOA utilization strategies; and 
(3) as appropriate, and to encourage great-
er regional integration, the United States Trade Representative should consider re-questing the Regional Economic Commu-nities to prepare biennial AGOA utilization strategies. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—It is further the sense of 
Congress that biennial AGOA utilization strategies should identify strategic needs and priorities to bolster utilization of bene-fits available under the African Growth and Opportunity Act. To that end, biennial AGOA utilization strategies should— 
(1) review potential exports under the Afri-
can Growth and Opportunity Act and iden-tify opportunities and obstacles to increased trade and investment and enhanced poverty reduction efforts; 
(2) identify obstacles to regional integra-
tion that inhibit utilization of benefits under the African Growth and Opportunity Act; 
(3) set out a plan to take advantage of op-
portunities and address obstacles identified in paragraphs (1) and (2), improve awareness of the African Growth and Opportunity Act as a program that enhances exports to the United States, and utilize United States Agency for International Development re-gional trade hubs; 
(4) set out a strategy to promote small 
business and entrepreneurship; and 
(5) eliminate obstacles to regional trade 
and promote greater utilization of benefits under the African Growth and Opportunity Act and establish a plan to promote full re-gional implementation of the Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Orga-nization. 
(c) P
UBLICATION .—It is further the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) each beneficiary sub-Saharan African 
country should publish on an appropriate Internet website of such country public versions of its AGOA utilization strategy; and 
(2) the United States Trade Representative 
should publish on the Internet website of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4196 June 11, 2015 
Office of the United States Trade Represent-
ative public versions of all AGOA utilization strategies described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 108. DEEPENING AND EXPANDING TRADE 
AND INVESTMENT TIES BETWEEN SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA AND THE UNITED STATES. 
It is the policy of the United States to con-
tinue to— 
(1) seek to deepen and expand trade and in-
vestment ties between sub-Saharan Africa and the United States, including through the negotiation of accession by sub-Saharan Af-rican countries to the World Trade Organiza-
tion and the negotiation of trade and invest-ment framework agreements, bilateral in-vestment treaties, and free trade agree-ments, as such agreements have the poten-tial to catalyze greater trade and invest-ment, facilitate additional investment in sub-Saharan Africa, further poverty reduc-tion efforts, and promote economic growth; 
(2) seek to negotiate agreements with indi-
vidual sub-Saharan African countries as well as with the Regional Economic Commu-nities, as appropriate; 
(3) promote full implementation of com-
mitments made under the WTO Agreement (as such term is defined in section 2(9) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(9)) because such actions are likely to improve utilization of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and promote trade and investment and because regular review to en-sure continued compliance helps to maxi-mize the benefits of the African Growth and Opportunity Act; and 
(4) promote the negotiation of trade agree-
ments that cover substantially all trade be-tween parties to such agreements and, if other countries seek to negotiate trade agreements that do not cover substantially all trade, continue to object in all appro-priate forums. 
SEC. 109. AGRICULTURAL TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE FOR SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA. 
Section 13 of the AGOA Acceleration Act 
of 2004 (19 U.S.C. 3701 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall identify not fewer 
than 10 eligible sub-Saharan African coun-tries as having the greatest’’ and inserting ‘‘, through the Secretary of Agriculture, shall identify eligible sub-Saharan African coun-tries that have’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘and complying with sani-
tary and phytosanitary rules of the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘, complying with san-itary and phytosanitary rules of the United States, and developing food safety stand-ards’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘20’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’; 
and 
(B) by inserting after ‘‘from those coun-
tries’’ the following: ‘‘, particularly from businesses and sectors that engage women farmers and entrepreneurs,’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—The President shall 
take such measures as are necessary to en-sure adequate coordination of similar activi-ties of agencies of the United States Govern-ment relating to agricultural technical as-sistance for sub-Saharan Africa.’’. 
SEC. 110. REPORTS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and bi-ennially thereafter, the President shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the trade and in-vestment relationship between the United States and sub-Saharan African countries and on the implementation of this title and the amendments made by this title. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The report 
required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the status of trade and 
investment between the United States and sub-Saharan Africa, including information on leading exports to the United States from sub-Saharan African countries. 
(B) Any changes in eligibility of sub-Saha-
ran African countries during the period cov-ered by the report. 
(C) A detailed analysis of whether each 
such beneficiary sub-Saharan African coun-try is continuing to meet the eligibility re-quirements set forth in section 104 of the Af-rican Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974. 
(D) A description of the status of regional 
integration efforts in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(E) A summary of United States trade ca-
pacity building efforts. 
(F) Any other initiatives related to en-
hancing the trade and investment relation-ship between the United States and sub-Sa-haran African countries. 
(b) P
OTENTIAL TRADE AGREEMENTS RE-
PORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the United States Trade Rep-resentative shall submit to Congress a report that— 
(1) identifies sub-Saharan African coun-
tries that have a expressed an interest in en-tering into a free trade agreement with the United States; 
(2) evaluates the viability and progress of 
such sub-Saharan African countries and other sub-Saharan African countries toward entering into a free trade agreement with the United States; and 
(3) describes a plan for negotiating and 
concluding such agreements, which includes the elements described in subparagraphs (A) through (E) of section 116(b)(2) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
(c) T
ERMINATION .—The reporting require-
ments of this section shall cease to have any force or effect after September 30, 2025. 
SEC. 111. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
Section 104 of the African Growth and Op-
portunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703), as amended by section 106, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(a) I
N 
GENERAL .—’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 112. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) B
ENEFICIARY SUB -SAHARAN AFRICAN  
COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘beneficiary sub-Saha-
ran African country’’ means a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country described in subsection (e) of section 506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (as redesignated by this Act). 
(2) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRY .—The 
term ‘‘sub-Saharan African country’’ has the meaning given the term in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED 
SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES 
SEC. 201. EXTENSION OF GENERALIZED SYSTEM 
OF PREFERENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 505 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2465) is amended by striking ‘‘July 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2017’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendment made by 
subsection (a) shall apply to articles entered on or after the 30th day after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION FOR CERTAIN  
LIQUIDATIONS AND RELIQUIDATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
514 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1514) or any other provision of law and subject to subparagraph (B), any entry of a covered ar-ticle to which duty-free treatment or other preferential treatment under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) would have applied if the entry had been 
made on July 31, 2013, that was made— 
(i) after July 31, 2013, and (ii) before the effective date specified in 
paragraph (1), shall be liquidated or reliquidated as though such entry occurred on the effective date specified in paragraph (1). 
(B) R
EQUESTS .—A liquidation or reliquida-
tion may be made under subparagraph (A) with respect to an entry only if a request therefor is filed with U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that contains sufficient information to enable U.S. Customs and Border Protection— 
(i) to locate the entry; or (ii) to reconstruct the entry if it cannot be 
located. 
(C) P
AYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED .—Any 
amounts owed by the United States pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation of an entry of a covered article under subpara-graph (A) shall be paid, without interest, not later than 90 days after the date of the liq-uidation or reliquidation (as the case may be). 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
(A) C OVERED ARTICLE .—The term ‘‘covered 
article’’ means an article from a country that is a beneficiary developing country under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.) as of the effective date specified in paragraph (1). 
(B) E
NTER ; ENTRY .—The terms ‘‘enter’’ and 
‘‘entry’’ include a withdrawal from ware-house for consumption. 
SEC. 202. AUTHORITY TO DESIGNATE CERTAIN 
COTTON ARTICLES AS ELIGIBLE AR-TICLES ONLY FOR LEAST-DEVEL-OPED BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
Section 503(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2463(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN COTTON ARTICLES .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (3), the President may designate as an eligible article or articles under subsection (a)(1)(B) only for countries designated as least-developed beneficiary de-veloping countries under section 502(a)(2) cotton articles classifiable under subheading 5201.00.18, 5201.00.28, 5201.00.38, 5202.99.30, or 5203.00.30 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 203. APPLICATION OF COMPETITIVE NEED 
LIMITATION AND WAIVER UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREF-ERENCES WITH RESPECT TO ARTI-CLES OF BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES EXPORTED TO THE UNITED STATES DURING CALENDAR YEAR 2014. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of applying 
and administering subsections (c)(2) and (d) of section 503 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463) with respect to an article de-scribed in subsection (b) of this section, sub-sections (c)(2) and (d) of section 503 of such Act shall be applied and administered by substituting ‘‘October 1’’ for ‘‘July 1’’ each place such date appears. 
(b) A
RTICLE DESCRIBED .—An article de-
scribed in this subsection is an article of a beneficiary developing country that is des-ignated by the President as an eligible arti-cle under subsection (a) of section 503 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463) and with re-spect to which a determination described in 
subsection (c)(2)(A) of such section was made with respect to exports (directly or indi-rectly) to the United States of such eligible article during calendar year 2014 by the bene-ficiary developing country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4197 June 11, 2015 
SEC. 204. ELIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN LUGGAGE 
AND TRAVEL ARTICLES FOR DUTY- FREE TREATMENT UNDER THE GEN-ERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREF-ERENCES. 
Section 503(b)(1) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2463(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (4) and (5)’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘Foot-
wear’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (5), footwear’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN LUGGAGE AND TRAVEL ARTI -
CLES.—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A) or 
(E) of paragraph (1), the President may des-ignate the following as eligible articles under subsection (a): 
‘‘(A) Articles classifiable under subheading 
4202.11.00, 4202.12.40, 4202.21.60, 4202.21.90, 4202.22.15, 4202.22.45, 4202.31.60, 4202.32.40, 4202.32.80, 4202.92.15, 4202.92.20, 4202.92.45, or 4202.99.90 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
‘‘(B) Articles classifiable under statistical 
reporting number 4202.12.2020, 4202.12.2050, 4202.12.8030, 4202.12.8070, 4202.22.8050, 4202.32.9550, 4202.32.9560, 4202.91.0030, 4202.91.0090, 4202.92.3020, 4202.92.3031, 4202.92.3091, 4202.92.9026, or 4202.92.9060 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States, as such statistical reporting numbers are in effect on the date of the enactment of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015.’’. 
TITLE III—EXTENSION OF PREFERENTIAL 
DUTY TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR HAITI 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF PREFERENTIAL DUTY 
TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR HAITI. 
Section 213A of the Caribbean Basin Eco-
nomic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2703a) is amended as follows: 
(1) Subsection (b) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (B)(v)(I), by amending 
item (cc) to read as follows: 
‘‘(cc) 60 percent or more during the 1-year 
period beginning on December 20, 2017, and each of the 7 succeeding 1-year periods.’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in the table, by striking ‘‘succeeding 11 
1-year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1-year periods’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘December 19, 2018’’ and in-
serting ‘‘December 19, 2025’’. 
(B) Paragraph (2) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘11 
succeeding 1-year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1-year periods’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by striking ‘‘11 
succeeding 1-year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1-year periods’’. 
(2) Subsection (h) is amended by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2025’’. 
TITLE IV—TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN ARTICLES 
SEC. 401. TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF REC-
REATIONAL PERFORMANCE OUTER-WEAR. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO ADDITIONAL U.S. 
NOTES.—The Additional U.S. Notes to chap-
ter 62 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended— 
(1) in Additional U.S. Note 2— (A) by striking ‘‘For the purposes of sub-
headings’’ and all that follows through ‘‘6211.20.15’’ and inserting ‘‘For purposes of this chapter’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘garments classifiable in 
those subheadings’’ and inserting ‘‘a gar-ment’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘D 3600-81’’ and inserting 
‘‘D 3779–81’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
notes: ‘‘3. (a) For purposes of this chapter, the 
term ‘recreational performance outerwear’ means trousers (including, but not limited to, paddling pants, ski or snowboard pants, and ski or snowboard pants intended for sale as parts of ski-suits), coveralls and bib over-alls, and jackets (including, but not limited to, full zip jackets, paddling jackets, ski jackets, and ski jackets intended for sale as parts of ski-suits), windbreakers, and similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jack-ets) composed of fabrics of cotton, wool, hemp, bamboo, silk, or manmade fiber, or a combination of such fibers, that are either water resistant or treated with plastics, or both, with critically sealed seams, and with 5 or more of the following features: 
‘‘(i) Insulation for cold weather protection. ‘‘(ii) Pockets, at least one of which has a 
zippered, hook and loop, or other type of clo-sure. 
‘‘(iii) Elastic, drawcord, or other means of 
tightening around the waist or leg hems, in-cluding hidden leg sleeves with a means of tightening at the ankle for trousers and tightening around the waist or bottom hem for jackets. 
‘‘(iv) Venting, not including grommet(s). ‘‘(v) Articulated elbows or knees. ‘‘(vi) Reinforcement in one of the following 
areas: the elbows, shoulders, seat, knees, an-kles, or cuffs. 
‘‘(vii) Weatherproof closure at the waist or 
front. 
‘‘(viii) Multi-adjustable hood or adjustable 
collar. 
‘‘(ix) Adjustable powder skirt, inner pro-
tective skirt, or adjustable inner protective cuff at sleeve hem. 
‘‘(x) Construction at the arm gusset that 
utilizes fabric, design, or patterning to allow radial arm movement. 
‘‘(xi) Odor control technology. 
The term ‘recreational performance outer-
wear’ does not include occupational outer-wear. 
‘‘(b) For purposes of this Note, the fol-
lowing terms have the following meanings: 
‘‘(i) The term ‘treated with plastics’ refers 
to textile fabrics impregnated, coated, cov-ered, or laminated with plastics, as described in Note 2 to chapter 59. 
‘‘(ii) The term ‘sealed seams’ means seams 
that have been covered by means of taping, gluing, bonding, cementing, fusing, welding, or a similar process so that water cannot pass through the seams when tested in ac-cordance with the current version of AATCC Test Method 35. 
‘‘(iii) The term ‘critically sealed seams’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) for jackets, windbreakers, and similar 
articles (including padded, sleeveless jack-ets), sealed seams that are sealed at the front and back yokes, or at the shoulders, 
arm holes, or both, where applicable; and 
‘‘(B) for trousers, overalls and bib overalls 
and similar articles, sealed seams that are sealed at the front (up to the zipper or other means of closure) and back rise. 
‘‘(iv) The term ‘insulation for cold weather 
protection’ means insulation with either synthetic fill, down, a laminated thermal backing, or other lining for thermal protec-tion from cold weather. 
‘‘(v) The term ‘venting’ refers to closeable 
or permanent constructed openings in a gar-ment (excluding front, primary zipper clo-sures and grommet(s)) to allow increased ex-pulsion of built-up heat during outdoor ac-tivities. In a jacket, such openings are often positioned on the underarm seam of a gar-ment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment. In trousers, such openings are often positioned on the inner or outer leg seams of a garment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment. ‘‘(vi) The term ‘articulated elbows or 
knees’ refers to the construction of a sleeve (or pant leg) to allow improved mobility at the elbow (or knee) through the use of extra seams, darts, gussets, or other means. 
‘‘(vii) The term ‘reinforcement’ refers to 
the use of a double layer of fabric or sec-tion(s) of fabric that is abrasion-resistant or otherwise more durable than the face fabric of the garment. 
‘‘(viii) The term ‘weatherproof closure’ 
means a closure (including, but not limited to, laminated or coated zippers, storm flaps, or other weatherproof construction) that has been reinforced or engineered in a manner to reduce the penetration or absorption of moisture or air through an opening in the garment. 
‘‘(ix) The term ‘multi-adjustable hood or 
adjustable collar’ means, in the case of a hood, a hood into which is incorporated two or more draw cords, adjustment tabs, or elastics, or, in the case of a collar, a collar into which is incorporated at least one draw cord, adjustment tab, elastic, or similar component, to allow volume adjustments around a helmet, or the crown of the head, neck, or face. 
‘‘(x) The terms ‘adjustable powder skirt’ 
and ‘inner protective skirt’ refer to a partial lower inner lining with means of tightening around the waist for additional protection from the elements. 
‘‘(xi) The term ‘arm gusset’ means con-
struction at the arm of a gusset that utilizes an extra fabric piece in the underarm, usu-ally diamond- or triangular-shaped, de-signed, or patterned to allow radial arm movement. 
‘‘(xii) The term ‘radial arm movement’ re-
fers to unrestricted, 180-degree range of mo-tion for the arm while wearing performance outerwear. 
‘‘(xiii) The term ‘odor control technology’ 
means the incorporation into a fabric or gar-ment of materials, including, but not limited to, activated carbon, silver, copper, or any combination thereof, capable of adsorbing, absorbing, or reacting with human odors, or effective in reducing the growth of odor- causing bacteria. 
‘‘(xiv) The term ‘occupational outerwear’ 
means outerwear garments, including uni-forms, designed or marketed for use in the workplace or at a worksite to provide dura-ble protection from cold or inclement weath-er and/or workplace hazards, such as fire, electrical, abrasion, or chemical hazards, or impacts, cuts, punctures, or similar hazards. 
‘‘(c) Notwithstanding subdivision (b)(i) of 
this Note, for purposes of this chapter, Notes 1 and 2(a)(1) to chapter 59 and Note 1(c) to chapter 60 shall be disregarded in classifying goods as ‘recreational performance outer-wear’. 
‘‘(d) For purposes of this chapter, the im-
porter of record shall maintain internal im-port records that specify upon entry whether garments claimed as recreational perform-ance outerwear have an outer surface that is water resistant, treated with plastics, or a combination thereof, and shall further enu-merate the specific features that make the garments eligible to be classified as rec-reational performance outerwear.’’. 
(b) T
ARIFF CLASSIFICATIONS .—Chapter 62 of 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the 
United States is amended as follows: 
(1) By striking subheading 6201.11.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6201.11 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-scription for subheading 6201.11.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-ment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4198 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6201.11 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
6201.11.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................................. ............................... 41 ¢/kg + 16.3% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 6.5% 
(OM) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
6201.11.10 Other ............................................................................................................... .................................................... 41 ¢/kg + 16.3% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 6.5% 
(OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(2) By striking subheadings 6201.12.10 and 
6201.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.12.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6201.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.12.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ................................................ 9.4% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35 
percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ..................................................... .. 4.4% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6201.12.20 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 9.4% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(3) By striking subheadings 6201.13.10 
through 6201.13.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6201.13.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.13.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.13.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ....................................... 27.7% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6201.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 
35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ........................................ 4.4% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ................................................. ...... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
6201.13.40 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................... 27.7% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(4) By striking subheadings 6201.19.10 and 
6201.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.19.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6201.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.19.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ................................................ 2.8% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6201.19.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................................................... ......................... Free 35% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4199 June 11, 2015 
6201.19.90 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 2.8% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(5) By striking subheadings 6201.91.10 and 
6201.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.91.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6201.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.91.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ....................................... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 7.8% 
(OM) 58.5% 
Other: 
6201.91.10 Padded, sleeveless jackets .......................................................................................... ...................................... 8.5% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 3.4% (OM) 58.5% 
6201.91.20 Other ............................................................................................................... .................................................... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 7.8% 
(OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(6) By striking subheadings 6201.92.10 
through 6201.92.20 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6201.92.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.92.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.92.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ................................................ 9.4% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6201.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35 
percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ..................................................... .. 4.4% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.92.15 Water resistant ..................................................................................................... ................................................... 6.2% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
6201.92.20 Other ............................................................................................................... ......................................................... 9.4% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(7) By striking subheadings 6201.93.10 
through 6201.93.35 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6201.93.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.93.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4200 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6201.93.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ....................................... 27.7% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6201.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 
35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ........................................ 4.4% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6201.93.20 Padded, sleeveless jackets .......................................................................................... .................................. 14.9% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6201.93.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ................................................. . 49.5 ¢/kg + 
19.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6201.93.30 Water resistant ..................................................................................................... ................................ 7.1% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6201.93.35 Other ............................................................................................................... ...................................... 27.7% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(8) By striking subheadings 6201.99.10 and 
6201.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.99.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6201.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6201.99.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ................................................ 4.2% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% 
Other: 
6201.99.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................................................... ......................... Free 35% 
6201.99.90 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 4.2% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% ’’. 
(9) By striking subheading 6202.11.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6202.11 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6202.11.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.11 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
6202.11.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................................. ............................... 41 ¢/kg + 16.3% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 6.5% 
(OM) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
6202.11.10 Other ............................................................................................................... .................................................... 41 ¢/kg + 16.3% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 6.5% 
(OM) 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(10) By striking subheadings 6202.12.10 and 
6202.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.12.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6202.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4201 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6202.12.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ................................................ 8.9% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35 
percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ..................................................... .. 4.4% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6202.12.20 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 8.9% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(11) By striking subheadings 6202.13.10 
through 6202.13.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6202.13.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.13.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.13.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ....................................... 27.7% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 
35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ........................................ 4.4% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ................................................. ...... 43.5 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
6202.13.40 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................... 27.7% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(12) By striking subheadings 6202.19.10 and 
6202.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.19.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6202.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.19.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ................................................ 2.8% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6202.19.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight or silk or silk waste ....................................................... ......................... Free 35% 
6202.19.90 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 2.8% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(13) By striking subheadings 6202.91.10 and 
6202.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.91.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6202.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.91.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ....................................... 36 ¢/kg + 16.3% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 6.5% 
(OM) 58.5% 
Other: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4202 June 11, 2015 
6202.91.10 Padded, sleeveless jackets .......................................................................................... ...................................... 14% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 5.6% (OM) 58.5% 
6202.91.20 Other ............................................................................................................... .................................................... 36 ¢/kg + 16.3% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 6.5% 
(OM) 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(14) By striking subheadings 6202.92.10 
through 6202.92.20 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6202.92.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.92.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.92.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ................................................ 8.9% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35 
percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ..................................................... .. 4.4% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.92.15 Water resistant ..................................................................................................... ................................................... 6.2% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
6202.92.20 Other ............................................................................................................... ......................................................... 8.9% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(15) By striking subheadings 6202.93.10 
through 6202.93.50 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6202.93.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.93.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4203 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6202.93.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ....................................... 27.7% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
6202.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 
35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ........................................ 4.4% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
Other: 
6202.93.20 Padded, sleeveless jackets .......................................................................................... .................................. 14.9% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6202.93.40 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ................................................. . 43.4 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6202.93.45 Water resistant ..................................................................................................... ................................ 7.1% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6202.93.50 Other ............................................................................................................... ...................................... 27.7% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(16) By striking subheadings 6202.99.10 and 
6202.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.99.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6202.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6202.99.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ................................................ 2.8% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6202.99.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................................................... ......................... Free 35% 
6202.99.90 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 2.8% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(17) By striking subheadings 6203.41 and 
6203.41.05, and the superior text to sub-heading 6203.41.05, and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-
heading 6203.41 having the same degree of in-dentation as the article description for sub-heading 6203.41 (as in effect on the day before 
the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6203.41 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
6203.41.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................................. ............................... 41.9 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.7¢/kg + 6.5% 
(OM) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6203.41.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without belt loops, weighing more 
than 9 kg per dozen ............................................................................................................ .......................... 7.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.8% (AU) 3% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(18) By striking subheadings 6203.42.10 
through 6203.42.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6203.42.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.42.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4204 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6203.42.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ................................................ 16.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6203.42.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35 
percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ..................................................... .. Free 60% 
Other: 
6203.42.20 Bib and brace overalls .............................................................................................. ............................................. 10.3% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6203.42.40 Other ............................................................................................................... ......................................................... 16.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(19) By striking subheadings 6203.43.10 
through 6203.43.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6203.43.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.43.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6203.43.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ....................................... 27.9% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6203.43.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 
35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ........................................ Free 60% 
Other: 
Bib and brace overalls: 
6203.43.15 Water resistant ..................................................................................................... ..................................... 7.1% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6203.43.20 Other ............................................................................................................... ........................................... 14.9% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6203.43.25 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ......................................................................... .................. 12.2% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6203.43.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair .............................................. 49. 6¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6203.43.35 Water resistant trousers or breeches ................................................................................ ............... 7.1% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 2.8% (KR) 65% 
6203.43.40 Other ............................................................................................................... .................................. 27.9% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(20) By striking subheadings 6203.49 
through 6203.49.80 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6203.49 having the same degree of in-
dentation as the article description for sub-heading 6203.49 (as in effect on the day before 
the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4205 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6203.49 Of other textile materials: 
6203.49.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................................. ......................................... 2.8% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% 
Other: 
Of artificial fibers: 
6203.49.10 Bib and brace overalls .............................................................................................. ......................................... 8.5% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 76% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6203.49.15 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ......................................................................... ....................... 12.2% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6203.49.20 Other ............................................................................................................... ................................................ 27.9% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6203.49.40 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................................................... ..................... Free 35% 
6203.49.80 Other ............................................................................................................... ......................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% ’’. 
(21) By striking subheadings 6204.61.10 and 
6204.61.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.61.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6204.61.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6204.61.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ................................................ 13.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
Other: 
6204.61.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without belt loops, weighing more than 6 
kg per dozen ................................................................................................................... ............................................. 7.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3% (OM) 6.8% (AU) 58.5% 
6204.61.90 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 13.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% ’’. 
(22) By striking subheadings 6204.62.10 
through 6204.62.40 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6204.62.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.62.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6204.62.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ................................................ 16.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6204.62.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35 
percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ..................................................... .. Free 60% 
Other: 
6204.62.20 Bib and brace overalls .............................................................................................. ............................................. 8.9% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Other: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4206 June 11, 2015 
6204.62.30 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ......................................................................... ........................... 7.1% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 37.5% 
6204.62.40 Other ............................................................................................................... .................................................... 16.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(23) By striking subheadings 6204.63.10 
through 6204.63.35 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6204.63.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.63.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6204.63.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ................................................ 28.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6204.63.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35 
percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ..................................................... .. Free 60% 
Other: 
Bib and brace overalls: 
6204.63.12 Water resistant ..................................................................................................... .............................................. 7.1% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6204.63.15 Other ............................................................................................................... .................................................... 14.9% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6204.63.20 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ......................................................................... ................................ 11.3% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Other: 
6204.63.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ................................................. ........... 13.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
Other: 
6204.63.30 Water resistant trousers or breeches ................................................................................ ............................ 7.1% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6204.63.35 Other ............................................................................................................... ................................................ 28.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(24) By striking subheadings 6204.69 
through 6204.69.90 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6204.69 having the same degree of in-
dentation as the article description for sub-heading 6204.69 (as in effect on the day before 
the date of the enactment of this Act): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4207 June 11, 2015 
‘‘ 6204.69 Of other textile materials: 
6204.69.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................................. ......................................... 2.8% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
Of artificial fibers: 
6204.69.10 Bib and brace overalls .............................................................................................. ......................................... 13.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6204.69.20 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ................................................. ...... 13.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
6204.69.25 Other ............................................................................................................... ................................................ 28.6% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
Of silk or silk waste: 
6204.69.40 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................................................... ................ 1.1% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E, IL, J, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6204.69.60 Other ............................................................................................................... .................................................... 7.1% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
6204.69.90 Other ............................................................................................................... ......................................................... 2.8% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(25) By striking subheadings 6210.40.30 and 
6210.40.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.40.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6210.40.30 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6210.40.05 Recreational performance outerwear 7.1% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
Other: 
6210.40.30 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber or plastics material which 
completely obscures the underlying fabric ...................................................................................... ........................... 3.8% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.40.50 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 7.1% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
(26) By striking subheadings 6210.50.30 and 
6210.50.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.50.05 having the same degree of indenta-
tion as the article description for subheading 6210.50.30 (as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6210.50.05 Recreational performance outerwear 7.1% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
Other: 
6210.50.30 Having an outer surface impreg- nated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber or plastics material which 
completely obscures the underlying fabric ...................................................................................... ........................... 3.8% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.50.50 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 7.1% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4208 June 11, 2015 
(27) By striking subheading 6211.32.00 and 
inserting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6211.32 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6211.32.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.32 Of cotton: 
6211.32.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................................. ......................................... 8.1% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
6211.32.10 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 8.1% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% ’’. 
(28) By striking subheading 6211.33.00 and 
inserting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6211.33 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6211.33.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.33 Of man-made fibers: 
6211.33.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................................. ......................................... 16% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% 
6211.33.10 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 16% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% ’’. 
(29) By striking subheadings 6211.39.05 
through 6211.39.90 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6211.39.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.39.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ................................................ 2.8% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: ......................................................................................................................... .......................................................
6211.39.10 Of wool or fine animal hair ......................................................................................... ............................................... 12% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 58.5% 
6211.39.20 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................................................... ......................... 0.5% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6211.39.90 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 2.8% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(30) By striking subheading 6211.42.00 and 
inserting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6211.42 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6211.42.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.42 Of cotton: 
6211.42.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................................. ......................................... 8.1% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% 
6211.42.10 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 8.1% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% ’’. 
(31) By striking subheading 6211.43.00 and 
inserting the following, with the article de-scription for subheading 6211.43 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6211.43.00 (as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.43 Of man-made fibers: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4209 June 11, 2015 
6211.43.05 Recreational performance outerwear .................................................................................. ......................................... 16% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% 
6211.43.10 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 16% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% ’’. 
(32) By striking subheadings 6211.49.10 
through 6211.49.90 and inserting the fol-lowing, with the article description for sub-heading 6211.49.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.49.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ 6211.49.05 Recreational performance outerwear ............................................................................... ................................................ 7.3% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% 
Other: 
6211.49.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................................................... ......................... 1.2% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6211.49.41 Of wool or fine animal hair ......................................................................................... ............................................... 12% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
6211.49.90 Other ............................................................................................................... ............................................................. 7.3% Free (BH, CA, CL, 
CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% ’’. 
SEC. 402. DUTY TREATMENT OF PROTECTIVE AC-
TIVE FOOTWEAR. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PROTECTIVE ACTIVE FOOT-
WEAR .—The Additional U.S. Notes to chapter 
64 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘6. For the purposes of subheadings 
6402.91.42 and 6402.99.32, the term ‘protective active footwear’ means footwear (other than 
footwear described in Subheading Note 1) that is designed for outdoor activities, such as hiking shoes, trekking shoes, running shoes, and trail running shoes, the foregoing valued over $24/pair and which provides pro-tection against water that is imparted by the use of a coated or laminated textile fab-ric.’’. (b) D
UTY TREATMENT FOR PROTECTIVE AC-
TIVE FOOTWEAR .—Chapter 64 of the Har-
monized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
(1) By inserting after subheading 6402.91.40 
the following new subheading, with the arti-cle description for subheading 6402.91.42 hav-ing the same degree of indentation as the ar-ticle description for subheading 6402.91.40: 
‘‘ 6402.91.42 Protective active footwear (except footwear with waterproof molded bottoms, including bottoms comprising an 
outer sole and all or part of the upper and except footwear with insulation that provides protection against cold weather), whose height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does not exceed 15.34 cm ......... 20% Free (AU,  BH, CA, 
CL, D, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, R, SG) 
................ 35% ’’. 
(2) By inserting immediately preceding 
subheading 6402.99.33 the following new sub-heading, with the article description for sub-
heading 6402.99.32 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for 
subheading 6402.99.33: 
‘‘ 6402.99.32 Protective active footwear ....................................................................................... ......................................................... 20% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, D, IL, JO, MA, MX, P) 1% (PA) 6% (OM) 6% (PE) 12% (CO) 20% (KR) 35% ’’. 
(c) S TAGED RATEREDUCTIONS .—The staged 
reductions in special rates of duty pro-claimed for subheading 6402.99.90 of the Har-monized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be applied to subheading 6402.99.32 of such Schedule, as added by subsection (b)(2), beginning in calendar year 2016. SEC. 403. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title and the amendments made by 
this title shall— 
(1) take effect on the 15th day after the 
date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) apply to articles entered, or withdrawn 
from warehouse for consumption, on or after such 15th day. TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 501. REPORT ON CONTRIBUTION OF TRADE 
PREFERENCE PROGRAMS TO RE-DUCING POVERTY AND ELIMI-NATING HUNGER. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report assessing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4210 June 11, 2015 
the contribution of the trade preference pro-
grams of the United States, including the Generalized System of Preferences under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.), the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), and the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), to the reduction of poverty and the elimination of hunger. 
TITLE VI—OFFSETS 
SEC. 601. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of 
the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘July 7, 2025’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States– 
Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementa-tion Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by striking ‘‘June 30, 2021’’ and in-serting ‘‘June 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 602. TIME FOR PAYMENT OF CORPORATE ES-
TIMATED TAXES. 
Notwithstanding section 6655 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of a corporation with assets of not less than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of the end of the preceding taxable year)— 
(1) the amount of any required installment 
of corporate estimated tax which is other-wise due in July, August, or September of 2020 shall be increased by 5.25 percent of such amount (determined without regard to any increase in such amount not contained in such Code); and 
(2) the amount of the next required install-
ment after an installment referred to in paragraph (1) shall be appropriately reduced to reflect the amount of the increase by rea-son of such paragraph. 
SEC. 603. ELIMINATION OF MODIFICATION OF 
THE MEDICARE SEQUESTER FOR FISCAL YEAR 2024. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
section 251A(6)(D)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a(6)(D)(ii)) is amended by striking 
‘‘0.25 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘0.0 percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall not take effect unless the Trade Act of 2015 is enacted and if the Trade Act of 2015 is enacted after the date of the enactment of this Act, such amendment shall be executed as if this Act had been enacted after the date of the enact-ment of such other Act 
SEC. 604. PAYEE STATEMENT REQUIRED TO 
CLAIM CERTAIN EDUCATION TAX BENEFITS. 
(a) A MERICAN OPPORTUNITY CREDIT , HOPE 
SCHOLARSHIP CREDIT , ANDLIFETIME LEARNING  
CREDIT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 25A(g) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(8) P
AYEE STATEMENT REQUIREMENT .—Ex-
cept as otherwise provided by the Secretary, no credit shall be allowed under this section unless the taxpayer receives a statement fur-nished under section 6050S(d) which contains all of the information required by paragraph (2) thereof.’’. 
(2) S
TATEMENT RECEIVED BY DEPENDENT .— 
Section 25A(g)(3) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking the period at the end of sub-paragraph (B) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) a statement described in paragraph (8) 
and received by such individual shall be treated as received by the taxpayer.’’. 
(b) D
EDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED TUITION AND  
RELATED EXPENSES .—Section 222(d) of such 
Code is amended by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7) and by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) P
AYEE STATEMENT REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided by the Secretary, no deduction shall be allowed under subsection (a) unless the tax-payer receives a statement furnished under section 6050S(d) which contains all of the in-formation required by paragraph (2) thereof. 
‘‘(B) S
TATEMENT RECEIVED BY DEPENDENT .— 
The receipt of the statement referred to in subparagraph (A) by an individual described in subsection (c)(3) shall be treated for pur-poses of subparagraph (A) as received by the taxpayer.’’. 
(c) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED TO BEPROVIDED  
ONPAYEE STATEMENT .—Section 6050S(d)(2) of 
such Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) the information required by subsection 
(b)(2).’’. 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 605. SPECIAL RULE FOR EDUCATIONAL IN-
STITUTIONS UNABLE TO COLLECT TINS OF INDIVIDUALS WITH RE-SPECT TO HIGHER EDUCATION TUI-TION AND RELATED EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6724 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR RETURNS OF EDU-
CATIONAL INSTITUTIONS RELATED TO HIGHER  
EDUCATION TUITION AND RELATED EX-
PENSES .—No penalty shall be imposed under 
section 6721 or 6722 solely by reason of failing to provide the TIN of an individual on a re-turn or statement required by section 6050S(a)(1) if the eligible educational institu-tion required to make such return contem-poraneously makes a true and accurate cer-tification under penalty of perjury (and in such form and manner as may be prescribed by the Secretary) that it has complied with standards promulgated by the Secretary for obtaining such individual’s TIN.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to returns required to be made, and statements re-quired to be furnished, after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 606. PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FILE COR-
RECT INFORMATION RETURNS AND PROVIDE PAYEE STATEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6721(a)(1) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’, 
and 
(2) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(b) R EDUCTION WHERE CORRECTION IN SPECI-
FIED PERIOD .— 
(1) C ORRECTION WITHIN 30 DAYS .—Section 
6721(b)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$30’’ and inserting ‘‘$50’’, (B) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’, 
and 
(C) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’. 
(2) F
AILURES CORRECTED ON OR BEFORE AU -
GUST 1 .—Section 6721(b)(2) of such Code is 
amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$60’’ and inserting ‘‘$100’’, (B) by striking ‘‘$100’’ (prior to amendment 
by subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$250’’, and 
(C) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(c) L
OWER LIMITATION FOR PERSONS WITH 
GROSS RECEIPTS OF NOT MORE THAN 
$5,000,000.—Section 6721(d)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,000,000’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’, 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘$75,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$175,000’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’, and 
(3) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘$200,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ (prior to amend-
ment by subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(d) P
ENALTY IN CASE OF INTENTIONAL DIS-
REGARD .—Section 6721(e) of such Code is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$250’’ in paragraph (2) and 
inserting ‘‘$500’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ in paragraph 
(3)(A) and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(e) F AILURE TO FURNISH CORRECT PAYEE  
STATEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6722(a)(1) of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’, 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(2) R EDUCTION WHERE CORRECTION IN SPECI -
FIED PERIOD .— 
(A) C ORRECTION WITHIN 30 DAYS .—Section 
6722(b)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘$30’’ and inserting ‘‘$50’’, (ii) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’, 
and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’. 
(B) F
AILURES CORRECTED ON OR BEFORE AU -
GUST 1 .—Section 6722(b)(2) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘$60’’ and inserting ‘‘$100’’, (ii) by striking ‘‘$100’’ (prior to amendment 
by clause (i)) and inserting ‘‘$250’’, and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(3) L
OWER LIMITATION FOR PERSONS WITH  
GROSS RECEIPTS OF NOT MORE THAN $5 ,000,000.— 
Section 6722(d)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,000,000’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’, 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘$75,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$175,000’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’, and 
(C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘$200,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ (prior to amend-
ment by subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(4) P
ENALTY IN CASE OF INTENTIONAL DIS -
REGARD .—Section 6722(e) of such Code is 
amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$250’’ in paragraph (2) and 
inserting ‘‘$500’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ in paragraph 
(3)(A) and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(f) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to returns and statements required to be filed after December 31, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Wednesday, June 10, 2015, as modified by the order of the House of today, the motion shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. 
R
YAN) and the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. R ANGEL ) each will control 30 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.007 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4211 June 11, 2015 
b1230 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Ex-tension Act of 2015, currently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in favor of 
the Trade Preferences Extension Act. This bill will strengthen America by promoting free enterprise all around the world. First, we extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act for 10 years. AGOA allows African countries to sell their goods in America duty free. This program is a very essential program. It strengthens ties between our countries because when America grows, they grow too. 
I also want to thank Congressman 
R
ANGEL for his work on this. He is the 
champion of AGOA. He is one of the primary authors of AGOA, and he is the person who has done so much work throughout his career—having been chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means, a leader in the committee— to help forge better ties between the nations of Africa and our country and to help the rising tide lift all of the boats, so I want to thank him for his leadership on this issue. 
Second, we renew the Generalized 
System of Preferences through Decem-ber 2017. GSP lowers duties on thou-sands of products around the devel-oping world. We make a few changes in the bill, and I want to articulate those changes. 
We make eligible for GSP things like 
purses, briefcases, and backpacks, but only after they receive extensive re-view and only if they are found to be nonimport sensitive. This is a trade bill, so there are lots of things like this in trade bills. 
The purpose of all of this is to give 
American consumers access to better products at better prices, to help grow the economies of America and the countries we are trading with in the developing world. 
We create a new tariff line for rec-
reational performance outerwear, out-erwear that is not made here, but that we buy that is needlessly more expen-sive for consumers. We lower duties on things like hiking and running shoes. 
I also want to thank Congressman 
B
LUMENAUER and Congressman 
REICHERT for their work on perform-
ance outerwear and footwear. I also want to thank Congressman S
MITH and 
Congressman C RENSHAW from Florida 
for their work on luggage. All of these programs have strong bipartisan sup-port and say to the developing world: free enterprise, free enterprise is the way to go. That is the key to success. That is the key to upward mobility. Third, we extend the HOPE and the 
HELP programs for products in Haiti for 10 years. These programs build up Haiti through trade and investment. That is the best kind of foreign aid and support you can have: more economic growth, more trade, more investment. They can create more opportunity and bring our countries closer together. That is why it is critical that we con-tinue these programs. 
Finally, I would like to say a word 
about the offsets in this bill. This bill will eliminate the Medicare sequester extension that was in the TAA bill, and in exchange it will set up stronger tax compliance laws. We have reached a bi-partisan compromise here. This fixes the concerns that Members on both sides of the aisle, particularly on the Republican side, the Doctors Caucus as we call it, had about the Medicare se-quester, and it removes the Medicare sequester. 
These are commonsense programs 
that are fully paid for. I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the legislation. It passed with a huge bipartisan margin over in the Senate, and I hope and expect that it will do so, as well, here. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. RANGEL. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker and Members, this is 
more than just a trade bill. I want to thank Chairman R
YANfor making cer-
tain that this did not come anywhere near the controversies that surround us in the trade area, which he could have done; but he made certain that this ex-tension of AGOA, the support for Haiti, and also the GSP would not be sur-rounded with controversy but would move seamlessly. 
I want to thank, also, E
DROYCE of 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs for being so cooperative in each stage of the way. It is a moving period for me because there hasn’t been this type of cooperation between the House and the Senate or Republicans and Democrats in a long time, and it feels extremely good. I want to thank you for this and to realize that it is not just African countries, it is expansion of what I think our great country is all about, that it is not really just to exercise the economic power that we have, but to explore the potential that other coun-tries have, especially in Africa that has been bypassed for so many, many dec-ades. 
I want to thank J
IMMCDERMOTT , 
who was one of the original authors; Phil Crane, who was the chairman of the committee; and, of course, then- Speaker Gingrich, who was the first witness that we had for this bill. With roots like that, it probably carried over so that we can have this extension so that investors and importers of Africa and the African people themselves will be able to have a better idea of not where they are today, but where they can go with the cooperation of devel-oping countries so that we will have the true meaning of peace, and that is 
through prosperity. 
As far as Haiti is concerned, again, 
we have found throughout the world a general compassion for all of the things that we would want for other people that we enjoy ourselves, and by extend-ing this through 2025, it gives them a better handle on what they can do in the future. 
GSP has been with us since the 1970s, 
and we hope that developing countries can graduate into being full-fledged partners. 
Again, as I said earlier, there has 
been no one like Dr. J
IMMCDERMOTT , 
who brought his experiences from the Peace Corps, having served in these countries and feeling in the marrow of his bones what we had to do. I have al-ready given my appreciation, but he just walked in at the right time, as he usually does, and I would like to thank him publicly once again. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the 
Senate AGOA Extension and Enhancement Act of 2015. 
Today is a proud day for those of us who 
are deeply concerned about doing what we can to promote growth in developing coun-tries. We are preparing to vote on a bipartisan bill that would extend preferences not only for African countries, but for Haiti, and developing countries more generally. I want to thank Chairman R
YANfor working so closely with us 
on this bill, which has been a high priority for me this Congress. 
AGOA  
Let me talk about AGOA first. There is wide-
spread enthusiasm about Africa these days. We know it’s a continent that’s poised for ex-plosive growth. I am hopeful that growth will materialize. And that our program, the African Growth and Opportunity Act, will help fuel that growth. 
In this country, our philosophy of trade and 
development has been to give poor countries a leg up on access to our market. That cre-ates an incentive for importers to source from those countries, and it also builds relationships among our countries. 
Some advanced economies have taken a 
different approach. They’ve forced developing countries, especially in Africa, to agree to sub-standard trade agreements instead of one-way preferences. One of the participants in the AGOA Forum last summer told us privately how much he appreciates the fact that the United States doesn’t take that approach—that we don’t view Africa as a continent full of nat-ural resources to be exploited, but rather that it’s our responsibility as a wealthy nation to provide a path for poor countries to develop. 
We have seen countries participate in our 
preference programs, and then come to us asking to do free trade agreements. That’s what happened with CAFTA/DR a decade ago. We are more than willing to do that— When they’re ready and willing. And I think in the next 10 years, we’re going to see quite a few countries in sub-Saharan Africa decide that entering into a two-way trade agreement with the United States is something they want to do, something they think will benefit them as well as us. The bill we’re considering today pushes USTR to figure out a way to make that happen, without forcing anybody into doing a deal with us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.022 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4212 June 11, 2015 
I’m excited to see where sub-Saharan Africa 
is headed, and for our country to do its part to help move those countries up the path of development. 
But we should be clear—I we also benefit 
from this program, even if the preferences don’t go both ways. Our businesses are able to source inputs from African countries without paying duty, and that in turn makes us more competitive, whether it’s selling the finished product domestically, or exporting it to a third country. 
I want to thank Congresswoman K
AREN  
BASS for her tireless work to make this re-
newal happen. She is an advocate not just for Africa, but for policies that will promote real change in Africa. I know in the coming months we will be looking at ways to improve trade capacity building in Africa, and I am committed to working with her and our colleagues on For-eign Affairs to find a way to get that done. 
HAITI 
We’re also extending the Haiti programs 
through 2025. Some provisions in the Haiti program begin to expire this year. We know from our own conversations with the Adminis-tration that the Haitians, perhaps more than any other country, need a long-term extension of the program in order to attract investment. We hear that some factories in Haiti are at ca-pacity—which is wonderful—but that for Hai-
tian-owned businesses to be able to attract the capital to expand, the preferences have to be extended across a longer horizon so that investors will feel satisfied that they can re-coup their investment. By extending pref-erences through 2025, we do that. We must recognize my friend, Senator B
ILLNELSON , 
who has been a champion for the people of Haiti and has been instrumental in crafting these provisions and getting them done. 
GSP 
Finally, we renew the Generalized System 
of Preferences, which expired almost two years ago. GSP has been the foundation of our trade and development program since 1975. This program provides preferences to a wide range of countries, across the develop-ment spectrum. 
We’ve been fortunate to see countries be-
come more and more developed, to the point where we are able to graduate them from the program and let them compete without need-ing the duty-free preference. I think it’s unfor-tunate that we can’t extend the program for a longer period of time, but the fact is, the pro-gram is so successful that finding offsets to pay for it has been a challenge. But it is my hope that GSP does not lapse again, and that next time, we’re able to renew it ahead of time. 
One thing I need to mention is the Senate 
inclusion of a provision that authorizes the President to review whether some goods should be made eligible for duty-free treatment under GSP. This is known as ‘‘GSP Update.’’ We know that some domestic groups feel that some of those items are sensitive and should not be designated duty-free. So while we are supporting the inclusion of GSP Update in this bill, if and when the time comes to consider 
these goods for GSP, we urge the President to take into account the concerns that have been raised. I’ll provide the clerk with a list of the items that domestic groups have flagged, so that it can be entered into the record. 
OUTDOOR ACT  
We are also including provisions that will 
allow us to keep track of imports of rec-reational clothing. These aren’t preferences, 
but the Senate included them, and we have House Members who support the provision. 
My colleagues who have advocated for this 
bill have noted that we need to do more to promote enjoyment of the great outdoors, and their goal is, eventually, to see if it’s possible to remove duties on at least some of these goods. 
But to enjoy the great outdoors, there must 
be great outdoors to enjoy, not just here, but around the world. My friend Mr. D
OGGETT has 
for many years advocated including a criterion in GSP that would require beneficiaries to take steps to protect the environment. If there is an effort to make any of these goods duty-free at some point in the future, it would be my hope that those efforts would be paired with the kind of GSP criterion Mr. D
OGGETT has advo-
cated. 
CONCLUSION  
Looking at the bigger picture, there is so 
much support for these programs that a simi-lar bill passed almost unanimously in the Sen-ate last month. And I imagine the same will happen here today. I look forward to a time when we won’t need preference packages at all, when the poorest of nations will have reached a level of development and produc-tive capacity that they can compete with any other country. We are not there, but programs like the ones we’re extending today will help them get there. 
Supplemental Rangel Statement on HR 
1295—Potentially Sensitive Items for GSP, by Harmonized Tariff Schedule Number 
4202.12.40 
4202.12.60 4202.12.80 4202.22.40 4202.22.45 4202.22.60 4202.22.80 4202.32.40 4202.32.80 4202.32.95 4202.92.08 4202.92.15 4202.92.20 4202.92.30 4202.92.90 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I will just 
add a couple responses before I yield to the chairman of the Trade Sub-committee. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s kind 
words. This is a bipartisan bill, and there is a time sensitivity here. It is very important, particularly for Afri-can nations in AGOA, that this gets done very quickly so that the proper signals are sent to the investors, to the factories, to the employers so that peo-ple can keep their jobs. That is one of the many reasons why we wanted to honor the commitment with the gen-tlewoman from California, with the gentleman from New York, to keep this distinct and separate and to get it moving through. So it is our intention that this gets moved through here, and then it is off and done. 
I just want to thank my colleagues 
on the other side of the aisle for their indulgence. This is one of those kind of rare, these days, moments of bipartisan support where this is good, and this is something that we should all be pleased that we are seeing done. It ele-
vates our principles. It forges our ties with other countries. And in the time sensitive nature of this, I am glad that we could come together and get this done like we are. 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman 
from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ), the chairman 
of the Subcommittee on Trade of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I, too, 
want to add my congratulations to the chairman of the Committee on Ways 
and Means, Mr. R
YAN, for the bipar-
tisan nature of the work on this bill. Without his leadership, it wouldn’t have happened. I also appreciate the leadership of the ranking member of the Trade Subcommittee, Mr. R
ANGEL , 
who has been an advocate for this for a long, long time; Ranking Member L
EVIN; the gentleman from Washington 
State, as it has been pointed out, and his leadership as well; the gentle-woman from California; Chairman R
OYCE from California; as well as Mr. 
YOUNG of Indiana, who has been a 
strong advocate of getting this done, and getting this done quickly, as the chairman said. The entire process of developing a long-term extension and enhancement of AGOA reflects the strong bipartisan commitment that has always surrounded this issue and the bipartisan commitment of our chairman. 
AGOA has been a clear success of 
economic development and in national security terms as well. In the last 15 years since it was enacted, it has be-come the cornerstone of our relation-ship with Africa. Since AGOA was en-acted, trade has tripled and investment has grown almost sixfold. By one esti-mate, AGOA supports well over a mil-lion direct and indirect jobs in sub-Sa-haran Africa and about 100,000 jobs in the United States of America. We know the countries that participate in AGOA have higher average incomes per per-son and higher good governance scores, including on the rule of law and polit-ical stability criteria, than sub-Saha-ran African countries that do not par-ticipate in the program. 
The bill we are considering today will 
extend AGOA for 10 years, the longest extension that Congress has ever con-sidered for this program. It also strengthens the program by simpli-fying certain rules of origin, encour-aging greater regional integration, building additional flexibility, improv-ing certainty and predictability, and expanding transparency and participa-tion in the AGOA review process. 
For all its successes, we have also 
heard concerns about conditions in sub-Saharan Africa, including very sig-nificant concerns in South Africa, on issues that affect the agriculture in-dustry, like in my State, poultry and pork. We have worked to correct that. The bill provides new mechanisms for addressing these concerns, including a petition process and an out-of-cycle re-view. 
The bill also renews the General Sys-
tem of Preferences program through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.008 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4213 June 11, 2015 
2017 and provides retroactive relief to 
eligible products that were imported during the GSP’s lapse. GSP promotes economic development by providing duty-free treatment for approximately 5,000 nonsensitive products from 126 de-veloping countries. Employers in my district use this so they can grow their business and create more American jobs. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, the bill ensures 
that Haiti will continue to benefit from the HELP and HOPE programs by ex-tending those preferences through 2025. This will encourage continued invest-ment in Haiti and support its economic development and recovery efforts. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues 
to support this. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ), one of the 
authors of the original AGOA, and the people in South Africa as well as the United States are deeply indebted. 
(Mr. M
CDERMOTT asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, it is 
a pleasure to be here today and to con-gratulate C
HARLIE . 
Most people don’t remember 1995. 
That is when we did a bill called NAFTA, and tucked away in NAFTA was the beginning, the seeds of this particular bill. It didn’t pass until 2000 when Newt Gingrich was Speaker. Newt Gingrich ought to get at least a little bit of an acknowledgment for his part in all of this. 
Our goal then was to set up a pro-
posal in trade that would allow for sus-tainable development in Africa. The last 15 years we have really achieved that goal, and that is why we are reau-thorizing it today. This 10-year exten-sion gives businesses an opportunity to actually plan. 
What we have done over the last few 
years have been very short extensions, which has been very hard for the busi-ness community to make plans when they don’t know whether it is going to be here at the next session. 
One company in particular came in 
and told me that they want to create a vertically integrated process for pro-ducing clothing in Africa, everything from growing the seeds to spinning the yarn to producing the fabric. Now, this will require a major investment on their part. This long-term renewal of AGOA will provide that business with the certainty needed to make invest-ments. When they go to the bank, the question is: How long is this actually going to last? They now can say ‘‘10 years’’ when they go to get the money to do this. 
Once again, I am very proud and 
pleased to have been a part of this, and I think it shows that we can work to-gether on things like trade. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. S
MITH), a distinguished 
Member of the Committee on Ways and Means. b1245 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. I thank the 
Chairman for yielding and for working to bring these issues to the floor. 
This bill includes a number of crit-
ical reauthorizations, including AGOA, the Generalized System of Preferences, and trade with Haiti. It is an impor-tant first step as we address trade today and tomorrow. 
I also want to thank the chairman 
for working with me and a number of other Members to ensure the inclusion of provisions in this bill to modernize the treatment of travel goods, perform-ance outerwear, and footwear. 
The GSP UPDATE Act, included in 
this bill, would allow the International Trade Commission to consider whether travel goods such as suitcases and backpacks are import sensitive. If, and only if, the ITC determines they are not, they would become eligible for duty-free treatment under the General-ized System of Preferences. 
Such a determination would be con-
structive for us, as well as our trade partners. This would mean increasing stability and economic growth in the developing world. It would also mean greater opportunities for retailers and consumers here in our country as we expand the availability of products. 
Again, I thank the chairman for this 
provision’s inclusion, and I urge pas-sage. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, after 45 
years in the House, I would be less than honest to say that there is certain leg-islation that I have concern with in terms of what happens after I leave this Congress, but I am so pleased to say that the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia has taken this little baby and nursed it to make certain that she would be the mother of the extension and that it will continue to grow. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from California (Ms. B
ASS). 
Ms. BASS. I rise today in support of 
H.R. 1891, the AGOA Extension and En-hancement Act of 2015. 
I am delighted to be here to speak in 
favor of an extraordinarily important bill, of which AGOA is part, and to be joined by my distinguished colleague, Ranking Member R
ANGEL . I do have to 
say that it is quite appropriate that we are voting on this bill today, as it is Mr. R
ANGEL ’s birthday. As one of the 
original authors of AGOA, we extend this birthday present to him because I know that it will pass with bipartisan support. 
I also want to acknowledge the work 
of one of the other original authors, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , for the longtime sup-
port of the nations in Africa and to ac-knowledge several Ambassadors that are here in the gallery from Lesotho, South Africa; Niger; and Gabon. 
I also want to thank the chairman of 
the Ways and Means Committee, Mr. R
YAN. I appreciate his timing. He made 
a commitment as soon as he took over as chair. He received numerous delega-tions from the continent. He made that commitment. He followed through on it, in particular, the timing, because it 
was so important that the chair and ranking member and chair of the sub-committee, Mr. T
IBERI , that we did this 
soon so that we didn’t wait until AGOA was near expiration. 
We did that a couple of years ago 
with third-country fabric, and we found that many jobs on the continent were lost. I want to thank him for his lead-ership and following through. 
The importance of reauthorizing 
AGOA—and by doing so, strengthening trade and investment between the United States and the nations of Afri-ca—is clear. Since its enactment in 2001, AGOA has helped to significantly increase African exports to the United States and led to jobs both on the Afri-can Continent and here at home. 
AGOA has generated approximately 
100,000 jobs in the U.S. and 350,000 di-rect jobs and 1 million indirect jobs in Sub-Saharan Africa. A byproduct of this trade is the increase of U.S. ex-ports. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. RANGEL. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. BASS. Over the past decade, nu-
merous countries on the continent of Africa have consistently been cited by 
international financial institutions as the fastest growing economies in the world. 
Without question, I am pleased to 
have been part of this important proc-ess. I also look forward to continuing my work with my fellow Members of Congress and the administration in strengthening trade and investment re-lations between our country and home to the world’s fastest growing econo-mies and newest and most dynamic trade and investment frontier, Africa. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ), one of 
our newer Members who has taken a particular interest in the issue of trade. It matters greatly to the jobs in his district in Minnesota. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in full support of the legislation that I am holding in my hand right now, the trade promotion authority bill. 
Tomorrow, the House will be voting 
on the passage of TPA, which is a vital step in ensuring America’s future suc-cess as a nation. Whenever I get asked why—Why is it important? Why is American trade important?—I say it is not just important to Minnesota, it is important to the entire country, but I will use my State as the starter. 
The State of Minnesota is still home 
to 18 Fortune 500 companies, and the two main drivers of our private econ-omy—our success—are agriculture and manufacturing. 
American trade is important. It is 
important to ensure that our superior workforce, our quality companies and products, have full and fair access to other markets around the world. 
Let me be clear, TPA is not a trade 
deal in itself; rather, TPA is legislation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.024 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4214 June 11, 2015 
that authorizes the President to enter 
into an agreement only after Congress and the American people have given their approval. 
It contains 150 objectives that Con-
gress mandates the U.S. Trade Rep-resentative must adhere to during ne-gotiations. It has a provision that al-lows the House to withdraw TPA at any time during its 6-year authoriza-tion, effectively stopping any bad agreement in its tracks. It requires that any deal must be public for a min-imum of 60 days before any vote or con-siderations taken by Congress. 
I want to thank Chairmen R
YANand 
TIBERI for their work on this important 
legislation. It is time for America to lead again, which is why I urge my col-leagues to support the passage of trade promotion authority. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
RENSHAW ), chair-
man of the Appropriations sub-committee that brought this matter of luggage to our attention in the first place. 
Mr. CRENSHAW. I rise in support of 
passage of H.R. 1295, the Trade Pref-erences Extension Act, and I want to thank Chairman R
YAN and Chairman 
TIBERI for their hard work and dedica-
tion in getting this important piece of legislation to the floor. 
This bill contains many beneficial 
trade programs that have furthered our Nation’s foreign policy and national se-curity goals. Specifically, this bill re-news the Generalized System of Pref-erences program and includes legisla-tion that I authored, along with Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, on a commonsense 
and helpful update to the GSP pro-gram. 
The GSP program helps many des-
ignated beneficiary developing coun-tries around the world. Stable coun-tries with employed and productive citizens lead to a safe global environ-ment that deters wars, terrorist groups, and violent uprisings and fur-ther allows our allies to develop their own economies, health care, and edu-cational systems. 
The GSP UPDATE, which would add 
travel goods to the list of items eligi-ble for review, would specifically ben-efit our ally the Philippines, which has suffered multiple devastating weather events. It will also help Cambodia, one of the poorest countries in the world. 
Goods are not eligible for the GSP 
program if they are ‘‘import sensitive’’ or compete with U.S. goods. This is de-cided by the International Trade Com-mission. Therefore, having travel and luggage items placed on the GSP-eligi-ble list does not automatically give them preferential trade status. 
The overall GSP program is a win- 
win for the U.S. and our allies around the world. Through this program, we are able to help countries develop their economies with little cost to the United States Government. I want to thank Chairman R
YAN for 
all of his hard work. I urge passage of this bill, the Trade Preferences Exten-sion Act. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. K
IND), one of the House’s 
most active supporters of free trade and fair trade and who has made an outstanding contribution to this legis-lation. 
Mr. KIND. I thank my friend for 
yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of this legislation. It is a bill that came out of the Senate 99–1, with wide bipar-tisan support; and why not? It has worked well for us in the past. It will work well for us in the future. 
This is our opportunity to meaning-
fully engage the African nations when it comes to trade preferences to make sure that we maintain a healthy and strong relationship with a vibrant and growing area of the world, along with some other developing nations, and Haiti, for instance, that Mr. R
ANGEL  
has been particularly focused on, too. I would encourage my colleagues to sup-port it. 
This also fixes a problem that we 
have had in regard to the trade agenda that we are trying to move forward on this week. There was some concern about how the Trade Adjustment As-sistance bill was going to be paid for, what offsets were being used. That now is being fixed in this bill as well through a bipartisan agreement. 
I commend the chair of the Ways and 
Means committee and the Republican leadership for their willingness to com-promise on this issue, to make sure that this does not become a hurdle or a roadblock to advancing our trade agen-da as a nation. So that is in the bill. I think Members of Congress need con-fidence that that offset has been fixed and paid for. 
It is my understanding that the Sen-
ate plans on moving quickly, expedi-tiously, in order to take up this amend-ed version and pass it on their side, so no Member should be under any illu-sion that there is a problem for the pay-for right now with Trade Adjust-ment Assistance. 
Overall, the basis of this bill is some-
thing that has worked and benefited us in the past. It is the reason why there was overwhelming bipartisan support in the Senate. We should have over-whelming bipartisan support on the floor of the House today. 
I commend the leadership of the com-
mittee, Ranking Member R
ANGEL and 
the work that he has put in, and I en-courage a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this under-lying legislation. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to take this time to thank the 
chairman for changing the pay-for for the TAA. I just wondered, after that very difficult and complex negotiation, why in the world they would tie that up with TPA. That means that those 
votes now, it is my understanding, pro-cedurally, it would be one vote, and you won’t have a chance to vote for TPA and TAA separately. 
I yield to the gentleman from Wis-
consin. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Could you 
rephrase the question? I didn’t catch it all. 
Mr. RANGEL. It is my understanding 
that the TAA complex pay-for has been taken care of under your leadership under the bill that is before us. My question was: Why in the world would you tie that up with TPA? 
When you accomplish one problem, it 
seems like you complicated that by not allowing the House to have two sepa-rate votes on two entirely separate issues. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. RANGEL. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. The bills 
came over from the other body to-gether—both policies, TAA and TPA, in the same bill; that is why these are not separate bills, but they are separate votes. 
As the gentleman knows from his 
years of experience here, we can always choose to divide the question on a par-ticular bill. We have chosen to divide the question on that forthcoming bill between TPA and TAA. 
The issue before us right here is not 
just preferences, which is important for all the reasons we specified, but it also fixes the pay-for problem that, on both sides of the aisle, Members had con-cerns with. 
The bill coming over from the Senate 
has both issues together. We are simply dividing the question and having votes on each policy separately. 
Mr. RANGEL. Reclaiming my time, I 
am glad to hear that. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), and I 
thank him publicly for the great work that he has put into this issue, as well as all the important issues. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the 
gentleman’s courtesy and his leader-ship. It was my intention to engage in a colloquy with the chairman in a few minutes, but I wanted to make a cou-ple of observations, if I could, about the subject at hand. 
As Mr. R
ANGEL knows from his years 
of effort, one of our responsibilities in terms of promoting free and fair trade is to be able to focus attention on some of the poorest countries around the world. 
b1300 
I appreciate your work, what the 
committee is doing—in the past and moving forward—to be able to deal with some of the anomalies where some of the worst, heaviest tariff burdens are on some of the poorest of countries, and our being able to extend to less-de-veloped countries opportunities to earn their own way, to have some modicum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.025 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4215 June 11, 2015 
of tariff relief, to be able to promote 
their indigenous activities. 
Trade is cheaper than aid, and it 
helps them strengthen their economies, strengthen their societies, and I really appreciate tireless efforts to extend those opportunities to others. 
I think we have got a long way to go 
in terms of being able to deal with some of the poorest of countries. We have got trade promotion authority we may be talking about with a dozen countries. But there are other poor countries around the world that we need to work with to be able to pull into opportunities for them to grow their economies, for them to be able to trade with us, to be able to strengthen civil society, and partnerships. 
So I wanted to thank you for your 
years of effort in this. I wanted to ex-press my appreciation for the under-lying bill. 
I look forward to chatting a little 
further with the chairman when one of our partners surfaces. 
Mr. RANGEL. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from New York (Mr. M
EEKS ), my friend and distinguished 
member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, one of the most knowledgeable persons in the House on the issue of trade. 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank Mr. R
ANGEL . 
I stand in support of this bipartisan 
legislation, which passed the Senate by a vote of 99–1. It includes preferences that are critical to so many economies in the developing world: the African Growth and Opportunity Act, or AGOA, a core of close economic partnerships between the United States and a host of African nations; the Generalized System of Preferences, tariff pref-erences which help developing coun-tries compete and build their econo-mies worldwide; the Haiti HOPE and HELP programs, which provide duty- free treatment for certain Haitians to help Haitians build a 21st century econ-omy. 
And I know that my constituents 
have been calling for the passage of these provisions for many, many months. 
As I have traveled to many affected 
nations, they too have experienced and expressed the serious and dire con-sequences that they could suffer with-out these benefits. 
This is not just about helping other 
nations. The fact is, right here in the United States, exports grow as a result of increased trade with these nations that results from extending preferences in trade and investment flows—critical to my district and districts all across the United States. It is critically im-portant. 
And I compliment, also, Chairman 
R
YAN, for putting this together in a 
way that we can pass it in a bipartisan way, because this is an important as-pect of also making sure that we are secure because, as we help these na-tions on their feet and put them in part of the global economy, we are making sure that we are giving hope and oppor-
tunity to all. 
So I heartily support, and ask every-
one to support this bipartisan bill, which passed, again, 99–1 in the Senate. Collectively, we are going to make this place a better place. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I want to thank Mr. M
EEKS , the gen-
tleman who just left. He has been a great leader on this issue, on trade. 
Let me explain to those who are 
watching who aren’t steeped in the in-tricacies of the trade law: what this bill is, the bill with respect to Haiti, the African Growth and Opportunity Act, GSP, it is trade, not aid. It is com-bining the need in America for high- quality, lower-cost goods that are not made in America with the need for eco-nomic growth and jobs in developing countries. It is a win-win. 
Take Africa, for example. People are 
getting opportunity. People are getting jobs. People are getting out of poverty, and they are making products that Americans need, that Americans don’t make right here. And we are getting high-quality, lower-priced products as 
a result of it. 
So that means, for the hard-working 
taxpayer in Wisconsin, for the hard- working taxpayer in New York and throughout America, they are stretch-ing their dollar more. That means their paycheck goes farther. That means that they are buying shoes for their kids or blankets at home or towels, or luggage. They can buy more of it. It doesn’t cost as much. 
That means their take-home pay can 
go to that and even more things be-cause it gives them more take-home pay. That is why it is good for us. 
And why it is good for people in the 
developing world is it is helping them build an economy. It is helping them attract manufacturers and exporters who create jobs and opportunity. 
So, as a component of our foreign 
policy, it is so important. You have heard it a million times: we believe in trade, not aid. You teach a man how to fish instead of feeding him a fish. We all know the parables we can get into. That is what this is. 
This says, let’s work together to 
grow your economy, to be independent, to be self-sufficient, to help people get more opportunity to pull themselves out of poverty. That is in the interest of the human person involved, but it is also in the interest of our countries, so that we can help the developing world get into the First World, so that we can help the developing world raise their living standards. 
And by the way, just from a brass 
tacks, material standpoint, having the developing world grow, having people enter the middle class in other coun-tries means more customers for our products. It means more trade for us. 
But, from an international stand-
point, from a foreign policy standpoint, it means these countries are more se-
cure. They are more safe. They are more prosperous. And they enter the world from a developing nation to the developed world. That is good for ev-erybody. That is good for all. 
That is why this is one of the more 
important components of our foreign policy as a country and our economic policy, in general. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, how 
much time do we have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
G
RAVES of Louisiana). The gentleman 
from New York has 131⁄2minutes re-
maining. The gentleman from Wis-consin has 13
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ). 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank the chairman for yielding. And I just want to take a moment to recognize the chairman, the ranking member, the subcommittee chairman and ranking member, for their work on this critical legislation. 
South Florida, where I hail from, is 
home to thousands of Haitian Ameri-cans, and I know that they will soon be expressing their gratitude to this House, to this Congress, for passing this important bipartisan legislation. 
This legislation is going to provide 
opportunity, hope for the people of the continent of Africa, but also for the people of Haiti. And in south Florida, we have a very special bond with Haiti. We know how much that country needs American involvement, opportunity. 
And the relatives of so many Hai-
tians who live in south Florida will be beaming with pride and gratitude when they get the news that this House has passed this critical legislation. 
As Chairman R
YAN says, this is not 
just trade legislation. This is foreign policy. This is foreign aid, but the aid that really helps people prosper, the aid that allows companies, govern-ments to provide opportunity for their citizens. 
This will also provide opportunity for 
our citizens. The more markets that we help create for our products, American businesses and American families will thrive. 
For a long time, people have been 
complaining that the economic recov-ery has been weak; that it has left the people at the bottom behind. This is our opportunity to change that, to cre-ate more markets for American ex-ports, to give people hope and oppor-tunity, so that the United States can continue being that country, Mr. Speaker, where anyone who comes and wants to succeed and wants to work hard will have that opportunity. This is how we do it, and we also do it by working together. 
All of us in this House want to 
strengthen Medicare, and today we have taken another important step to-ward strengthening Medicare. How? By working together. This is exactly what the American people sent us here to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.077 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4216 June 11, 2015 
For too long, Members of this House 
have refused to cooperate, have refused to find common ground. Well, we are doing that today, and I am so proud to be able to come to the floor of the House to congratulate our leaders for their fine work, and to offer my strong support of this important bipartisan legislation. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ), a sen-
ior member of the Ways and Means Committee and the chairman of the Human Resources Subcommittee. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman for yielding time. 
This is a really important bipartisan 
bill. I want to thank Mr. R
ANGEL for 
his work and, of course, Chairman R
YAN. 
This bill is important because it is 
part of our soft power. This is about how America exerts soft power in these regions. It is about helping to build trade capacity in the long run to get us to expanded commercial relations in areas of need. 
This bill encourages the adoption and 
implementation of WTO agreements, including the WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement, which eliminates red tape at the border, something that we have worked very hard to do and something that will benefit American companies in the long run, as well as our trading partners. 
This encourages the development by 
AGOA beneficiaries of utilizing strate-gies to improve the effectiveness and use of the program to make this pro-gram more effective. It commits the United States to working with AGOA beneficiaries to develop and implement these kinds of strategies. It outlines a path for deepening and expanding trade and investment ties, all good for Amer-ican national security, good for the American economy, good for job cre-ation. 
The Generalized System of Pref-
erences program—extends this program until December 31, 2017. It provides ret-roactive relief to eligible products that were imported during the lapse of the program, and it implements U.S.-WTO commitments by making duty-free cer-tain cotton articles eligible from least- developed beneficiary developing coun-tries. All good policy. 
With regard to Haiti—and my col-
league spoke earlier about this—this extends the HOPE and HELP programs for products from Haiti until Sep-tember 30, 2025; encourages foreign in-vestment and job creation by extending trade preferences to reinvigorate the apparel industry and attract new and expanded foreign direct investment; and reaffirms U.S. foreign policy and national security interests by pro-moting trade and long-term invest-ments in Haiti, as it does with the other countries in Africa through the AGOA program. We also correct the program that we 
had earlier dealing with the Medicare sequester, supplementing the entire package with a different pay-for. I think that is more acceptable. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr RYAN of Wisconsin. I yield the 
gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. So this is really 
about achieving America’s goals. This is about improving our economy. It is about growing jobs. It is about eco-nomic connectedness. It is about help-ing countries that have struggled and building newer relations and stronger commercial relationships with those countries. 
This, ultimately, is about doing what 
America does best and extending our values worldwide. 
I urge the support of this bill. It is a 
good bill. A lot of thought went into it on both sides of the aisle. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ) for the purposes of a col-
loquy. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the 
chairman’s courtesy, as I have appre-ciated the opportunity to be working with you on the package that is com-ing forward. I know we are not quite there yet. I look forward to continuing this effort. 
But I would like to engage in an issue 
that is critical to Mr. R
EICHERT , my 
colleague from the Northwest, to our consumers, and to important jobs in our district. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, the innovative 
footwear industry must face an unrea-sonable reality at our borders. Two identical looking running shoes are im-ported. One must pay a significantly higher tariff for a single reason: it con-tains a waterproof liner. Waterproof means a lot in the Pacific Northwest, for Mr. R
EICHERT and I. 
This bill puts an end to an outmoded 
tariff code that charges extremely high tariffs for no good reason. 
b1315 
I appreciate the chairman and the 
staff working with my team, with Mr. R
EICHERT to try to get this right for 
tariff relief for outdoor enthusiasts and business around the country, but there is another issue at work here. 
Mr. R
EICHERT and I have been lead 
sponsors of the U.S. OUTDOOR Act that defines and creates tariff classi-fication unique and specific to rec-reational performance outerwear and eliminates import duties on those ap-parel products. The Preference bill achieves one of these goals of the OUT-DOOR Act by creating new definitions and tariff classifications for rec-reational performance outerwear. 
Again, I appreciate your efforts, Mr. 
Chairman, and those of your staff to include the provision. It provides rec-ognition that these are distinct, unique products that will help the industry better track the imports of rec-reational performance outerwear and 
sets the stage for tariff relief. 
However, due to a drafting error, I 
understand that the duty rates as-signed are incorrect and, in most cases, will raise the tariffs on those products and, as a result, on small- and medium- sized outdoor businesses, if they are not corrected. In addition, I understand the agreed-to language on the defini-tions of recreational performance out-erwear and the list of tariff lines should be included. 
Mr. Chairman, I understand that 
there is a commitment from you and your staff to apply the correct duty rates and make the necessary changes to the definition in the conference re-port on the Customs reauthorization bill. I further understand that there is a very tight window here that we both know to get this done. The new classi-fications will come into effect in 15 days, after the Preference bill is signed into law. 
I would appreciate your acknowl-
edgement that I understand the com-mitment correctly and that we will be able to get it done within this time-frame. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Reclaiming 
my time, first, I wanted to just note for the record that the footwear provi-sion lowers duty on outdoor activity shoes, athletic footwear, such as gym shoes, just to make sure we can clarify that. 
I thank the gentleman from Oregon 
(Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) and also the gen-
tleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ), who is involved in this 
issue, for their leadership on rec-reational performance outerwear and footwear. 
The provisions we included in this 
bill will lower costs for American con-sumers. It will expand opportunities for U.S. businesses in these key prod-uct areas. I share both your interest in ensuring that the recreational perform-ance outerwear provisions in this bill do, in fact, achieve their intended re-sults in a revenue-neutral fashion. We have already been working with you on these provisions, and we commit to continue to do so in the conference dis-cussions on the Customs Trade Facili-
tation and Enforcement Act. So I want to commit to you to making a good- faith effort to work through these highly technical provisions and to do it in a very quick timeframe. 
We anticipate a very quick and rel-
atively brief conference so that we can get these issues resolved in a very quick and timely fashion. 
I yield to the gentleman from Or-
egon. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate 
that very much. And I hope that there is one area that we might be able to en-gage in some activity in the future. 
According to a 2007 report by the ITC, 
there is no commercially viable pro-duction of recreational performance outerwear in the United States, yet these products still face tariffs aver-aging 14 percent, and some go up to al-most 30 percent. So I look forward to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.028 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4217 June 11, 2015 
continuing to work with you to achieve 
the next goal of the OUTDOOR Act, which would be duty elimination. 
As was discussed before, there is no 
viable domestic production, very high rates. There are not many opportuni-ties to pursue tariff relief anymore be-cause we have been moving in that di-rection, and I think that is important. But I look forward to working with you to find the appropriate offset, to deal with revenue neutrality, and enact tar-iff relief on those products as soon as we can. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I thank the 
gentleman for his interest. I share his interest, and I appreciate his indul-gence. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, once 
again, I want to thank Chairman R
YAN. 
He epitomizes what can happen when we find a cause that is good for our country and good for the rest of the world. 
I thank Speaker B
OEHNER , who al-
lowed this meaningful leadership agreement to move forward; Congress-man N
UNES , who enthusiastically sup-
ported the extension of AGOA; my dear and long-time friend from Utah, Sen-
ator H
ATCH , who managed to keep the 
bill as clean as possible during this journey with the other house; Senator B
ILLNELSON , who is a longtime friend 
and supporter of the extension of the trade agreement that we have with Haiti; and also the African Diplomatic Corps. They certainly did gain the con-fidence of Republicans and Democrats as they shared their problems and their ability to overcome some of the objec-tions that Members had. 
But most of all, and I know that 
Chairman R
YAN joins me in thanking 
the staff on both sides of the aisle. We can come up with the great ideas, as we normally do, but it takes the staff to put them in the position and put the legislation in place so that we can move forward with it. So on behalf of the chairman and all of the Members that have played a part in the historic extension of this legislation, I want to thank the staff members that made it possible to bring us to this point that we can pass this important piece of leg-islation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
how much time remains on my side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I thank the gentleman from New 
York. This is an issue that he has been passionate about for a long time that he, along with other leaders here, championed. 
I, too, want to thank the staff for 
working very well with each other on this issue. We know that this is a win- win. 
To our colleagues who haven’t been 
paying attention to this, this bill makes a big difference. It makes a big 
difference. It makes a big difference for our constituents, for consumers at home, and it makes a big difference for people who are aspiring to live a dream, who are aspiring to get them-selves out of poverty, who are aspiring to make a good life for themselves and their children. 
This is something that we should all 
be proud of, and I am very pleased that we have the kind of bipartisan coali-tion that we have on this issue. So that is why I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
I am also pleased we were able to fix 
the other issues, such as sequester, in this bill. And I think, for all of those reasons, we should vote ‘‘yes’’ on this. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the order of the House of 
Wednesday, June 10, 2015, the previous question is ordered. 
The question is on the motion offered 
by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN). 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 397, nays 32, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 345] 
YEAS—397 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell 
Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn Maloney, Sean 
Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy 
McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—32 
Amash 
Babin Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Garrett 
Gosar Hunter Jones Jordan Labrador Loudermilk Lummis Massie Mooney (WV) 
Nugent Palmer Peterson Poe (TX) Posey Rohrabacher Russell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.080 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4218 June 11, 2015 
Salmon 
Schweikert Stutzman 
Weber (TX) Westmoreland 
Yoho 
NOT VOTING—4 
Clawson (FL) Conyers Gowdy 
Thompson (CA) 
b1355 
Messrs. BRAT, MOONEY of West Vir-
ginia, BROOKS of Alabama, PETER-SON, SCHWEIKERT, ROHRABACHER, WEBER of Texas, YOHO, and POE of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. KING of New York, GRAVES 
of Missouri, Ms. D
EGETTE, Messrs. 
RUPPERSBERGER, LIPINSKI, MUR-PHY of Pennsylvania, RUSH, YOUNG of Alaska, and JOHNSON of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to concur was agreed 
to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on H.R. 1295, I 
mistakenly voted ‘‘no.’’ I would like to vote ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 345, the Motion to Concur in the Senate amendments with a House amend-ment to H.R. 1295. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 303 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2685. 
Will the gentleman from Georgia 
(Mr. C
OLLINS ) kindly resume the chair. 
b1357 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OLLINS of 
Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, the bill had been read through page 163, line 2. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment by Mr. S
CHIFF of Cali-
fornia. 
Amendment by Ms. L EEof California. 
Amendment by Ms. L EEof California. 
Amendment by Mr. S ABLAN of the 
Northern Mariana Islands. 
Amendment by Mr. G OSAR of Ari-
zona. 
Amendment by Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia. 
Amendment by Mr. G OSAR of Ari-
zona. Amendment by Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia. 
Amendment by Mr. E LLISON of Min-
nesota. 
Amendment by Mr. S MITH of Mis-
souri. 
Amendment by Mr. M ASSIE of Ken-
tucky. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 196, noes 231, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 346] 
AYES—196 
Adams 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) 
Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huelskamp Huffman Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack 
Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rohrabacher Rokita Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky 
Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sires 
Slaughter Smith (WA) 
Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho 
NOES—231 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Clawson (FL) 
Gowdy Harris 
Mooney (WV) Moore 
Thompson (CA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.014 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4219 June 11, 2015 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1400 
Mr. STEWART changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. MULVANEY changed his vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 157, noes 270, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 347] 
AYES—157 
Adams 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Grayson 
Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Mulvaney Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey 
Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch 
Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Yoho 
NOES—270 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Clawson (FL) Davis, Rodney Deutch 
Ellison Gowdy 
Thompson (CA) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1403 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 347, 
had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 165, noes 264, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 348] 
AYES—165 
Adams 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore 
Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.034 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4220 June 11, 2015 
Visclosky 
Wasserman 
Schultz Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth Yoho 
NOES—264 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat 
Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) 
Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Clawson (FL) 
Davis, Rodney Gowdy 
Thompson (CA) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1407 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SABLAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) on which further 
proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 173, noes 256, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 349] 
AYES—173 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Gohmert Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Rooney (FL) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch 
Wilson (FL) Woodall 
Yarmuth 
NOES—256 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Byrne Clawson (FL) Gowdy 
Thompson (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.024 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4221 June 11, 2015 
b1410 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 81, noes 347, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 350] 
AYES—81 
Adams 
Babin Barletta Benishek Bilirakis Bost Brooks (AL) Burgess Butterfield Carson (IN) Cartwright Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeSantis Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Fleming Foxx Franks (AZ) Fudge Gallego Gohmert Gosar Graham Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Harris 
Holding Honda Hudson Huelskamp Hurd (TX) Jenkins (KS) Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador Lawrence Long Loudermilk Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Maloney, Sean Massie McSally Messer Mooney (WV) Murphy (FL) Newhouse Norcross Pallone Perry 
Pingree Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Rangel Ratcliffe Rokita Ross Rouzer Ruiz Ruppersberger Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Schiff Sensenbrenner Sinema Thompson (PA) Titus Wagner Walker Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westmoreland Wilson (FL) 
NOES—347 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa 
Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lee 
Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Posey Price, Tom Quigley Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen 
Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walden 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—5 
Clawson (FL) 
Ellison Gowdy 
Gutie´rrez Thompson (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1414 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 165, noes 265, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 351] 
AYES—165 
Adams 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett 
Gibson Gosar Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Massie McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (IA) 
NOES—265 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr 
Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.040 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4222 June 11, 2015 
Brat 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa 
Holding Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Schiff Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—3 
Clawson (FL) Gowdy Thompson (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1417 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the 
gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G OSAR ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 51, noes 378, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 352] 
AYES—51 
Barletta 
Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Burgess Carter (GA) Collins (GA) Cramer Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Fleming Gallego Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Griffith Grijalva Harris 
Hice, Jody B. Huelskamp Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Labrador LaMalfa Lipinski Long Loudermilk Lummis Massie McClintock Meadows Mica Nugent 
Pearce Perry Polis Posey Price, Tom Reichert Rokita Salmon Sanford Thompson (PA) Tipton Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westmoreland Wilson (SC) Young (IA) 
NOES—378 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison 
Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman 
Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks 
Meng Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky 
Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Clawson (FL) Gowdy Hill 
Thompson (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1421 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. HILL. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 352 
Gosar No. 2 DoD App.’s I was detained in a constituent meeting. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.023 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4223 June 11, 2015 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 166, noes 262, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 353] 
AYES—166 
Adams 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Foster Foxx 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibson Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Hunter Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Young (IA) 
NOES—262 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) 
Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawrence Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—5 
Clawson (FL) Gowdy Jordan 
Scott, David Thompson (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1424 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E LLI-
SON) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 187, noes 242, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 354] 
AYES—187 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin 
Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis 
Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.048 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4224 June 11, 2015 
Blum 
Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Clawson (FL) Gowdy Palazzo 
Thompson (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1427 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-
vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 133, noes 297, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 355] 
AYES—133 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Burgess Carter (GA) Chabot Collins (GA) Comstock Cramer Crawford Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Gibbs Goodlatte Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Marino McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nunes Olson Palmer Pearce 
Perry Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Salmon Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Westerman Westmoreland Williams Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOES—297 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson 
Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah 
Fitzpatrick Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Miller (FL) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walorski Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—3 
Clawson (FL) Gowdy Thompson (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1431 
Ms. PELOSI and Mr. SEAN PATRICK 
MALONEY of New York changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.026 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4225 June 11, 2015 
MASSIE ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 255, noes 174, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 356] 
AYES—255 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Conyers Courtney Cramer Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love 
Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mica Mooney (WV) Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Olson Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano 
Sessions Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stutzman Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton 
Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walker Walz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Williams Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOES—174 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Barletta Barr Benishek Bera Bishop (MI) Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Calvert Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Ellmers (NC) Fincher Flores Forbes Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (MO) Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings 
Heck (NV) Hill Himes Holding Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Israel Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Langevin Lee Lipinski LoBiondo Long Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Peters Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo 
Quigley Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger 
Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Schiff Scott, Austin Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thornberry Tiberi Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Schultz 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Clawson (FL) 
Gowdy Kaptur 
Thompson (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1435 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-
man, I move that the Committee do now rise and report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments, with the recommendation that the amend-ments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 303, directed him to report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole, with the recommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. MOULTON. I am opposed in its 
current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Moulton moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 2685 to the Committee on Appropria-tions with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the fol-lowing amendment: 
In the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, 
Army’’ account, on page 7, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
In the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, De-
fense-Wide’’ account, on page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $9,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
In the ‘‘Defense Health Program’’ account, 
on page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
In the ‘‘Defense Health Program’’ account, 
on page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount re-lating to research, development, test and evaluation, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
In the ‘‘Defense Health Program’’ account, 
on page 36, line 20, after the dollar amount relating to the U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, this is 
the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, this amendment is sim-
ple. First, it will add $2 million to the Army Threat Integration Center to protect our troops and their families from terrorist attacks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.055 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4226 June 11, 2015 
ISIS, al Qaeda, and other terrorist 
groups are directly threatening Ameri-cans, our troops, and our allies abroad every single day. In fact, a group re-lated to ISIS recently posted the photos and addresses of about 100 hun-dred U.S. troops online so that, in their words, ‘‘our brothers residing in Amer-ica can deal with you.’’ 
Our military families have also been 
threatened with attacks. We can’t stand idly by; we must act, and this ad-ditional funding will help. 
The amendment also adds $2 million 
for the Yellow Ribbon reintegration program to help Active Duty and Na-tional Guard troops. As a veteran my-self, I know just how difficult the re-integration process can be. In fact, I am in regular contact with many of the marines from my platoon, and we talk about this every day. 
These men and women have put their 
lives on the line for our country and our freedom. We owe it to them to pro-vide them with the resources they need both on and off the battlefield. 
Lastly, this amendment adds $5 mil-
lion for Joint Warfighter Medical Re-search, which provides the latest cut-ting-edge techniques to save injured troops on the battlefield. 
The men and women who fight on our 
behalf should know that we have their backs at the most difficult times. 
These initiatives are fully paid for 
with a reasonable and commonsense re-duction in funding for Defense Media Activity, which provides magazines and movies for our military. 
I ask my colleagues: Is it more im-
portant to fund the fight against ISIS or to fund government-sponsored Scooby Doo? After all, if the troops really want to watch it, they can get their cartoons on their smartphones anyway. 
Rarely in this Chamber do we have a 
choice that is so clear. Let’s take a small step to improve this bill for our military families and for our troops. 
I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this 
motion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to oppose the motion to recom-mit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Before 
speaking on the motion to recommit, Mr. V
ISCLOSKY and I would like to 
thank our consummate professional staff that put this bill together for all of us, headed up by our clerk, Rob Blair; Tim Prince; Paul Terry; Walter Hearne; B.G. Wright; Brooke Boyer; Adrienne Ramsey; Megan Milam; Collin Lee; Cornell Teague; and Sherry Young; of my staff, Nancy Fox, Steve Wilson, and Katie Hazlett; minority clerks Becky Leggieri and Taunja Berquam; and from Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ’s 
staff, Joe DeVooght. 
Mr. Chairman, over the years, Mem-
bers of Congress have agreed that the Defense Appropriations bill is no place for partisan politics. Our national secu-
rity is far too important. 
This week, the leadership of the 
other party has decided to throw that tradition out the window, and their timing couldn’t be more unfortunate. 
As we gather here this afternoon, 
over 200,000 men and women in uniform do the hard work of freedom across the globe—in Afghanistan, Iraq, the Sinai, Eastern Europe, along the DMZ, and other faraway places. These members of our Armed Forces and their com-rades who serve here at home and their families all deserve our admiration and untiring gratitude. 
This bipartisan bill before you deliv-
ers for them. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the motion to recommit and ‘‘yes’’ on final passage of this bipartisan bill that rec-ognizes and honors their service. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 186, noes 240, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 357] 
AYES—186 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar 
Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa 
Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott 
McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng 
Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.058 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4227 June 11, 2015 
Valadao 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Clawson (FL) 
Duffy Gowdy Grothman 
Hice, Jody B. Kaptur Thompson (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1451 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER changed 
her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas 
and nays are ordered. 
This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 278, nays 149, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 358] 
YEAS—278 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) 
Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takai 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—149 
Adams Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kind Labrador Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano 
Neal O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Clawson (FL) 
Coffman Gowdy 
Grothman Katko 
Thompson (CA) b1459 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
358, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, on passage 
of H.R. 2685, the Department of Defense Ap-propriations Act, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ had I been present for the final roll (Roll no. 358). 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York) laid before the 
House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, June 11, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representa-
tives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 11, 2015 at 11:26 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 253. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1314, ENSURING TAX EX-EMPT ORGANIZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 644, FIGHTING HUNGER INCENTIVE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 305 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 305 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this res-
olution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The mo-tion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.032 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4228 June 11, 2015 
question of adoption of the motion shall be 
divided as follows: first, concurring in sec-tion 212 of the Senate amendment; second, concurring in the matter comprising the re-mainder of title II of the Senate amendment; and third, concurring in the matter pre-ceding title II of the Senate amendment. The portion of the divided question on concurring in section 212 of the Senate amendment shall be considered as adopted. The Chair shall first put the question on the portion of the divided question on concurring in the matter comprising the remainder of title II of the Senate amendment. If any portion of the di-vided question fails of adoption, then the House shall be considered to have made no disposition of the Senate amendment. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution 
it shall be in order to take from the Speak-er’s table the bill (H.R. 644) to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory, with the Senate amendments thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a single motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House: (1) concur in the Senate amendment to the title; and (2) concur in the Senate amendment to the text with the amendment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution modified by the amendment printed in part B of that report. The Senate amendments and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the motion to its adop-tion without intervening motion or demand for division of the question. If the motion is adopted, then it shall be in order for the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee to move that the House insist on its amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 644 and request a conference with the Senate thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to my very dear friend, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), the ranking 
member of the Rules Committee, pend-ing which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in defense of Ronald Reagan Re-publican free trade principles and in support of trade promotion authority, which is known as TPA. 
Since the days of President Ronald 
Reagan, Republicans have supported free trade because we know that when America competes, America wins. TPA is a vital piece of our free trade agenda because it creates the process that we need to secure trade agreements that grow our economy, create good-paying 
jobs, and lower prices for American consumers. 
For America to continue to deter-
mine the rules of the global economy, we need to lead by crafting free trade agreements, and thus, the House is here today to provide to the President the parameters under which he or she should negotiate a trade promotion au-thority. 
Free trade means more good-paying 
American jobs. Free trade means that American workers make American products at American businesses to be sold all across the globe. More than 38 million American jobs are tied to trade, and these jobs pay well. In fact, trade-related jobs, on average, pay 18 percent more than jobs that are not trade related. 
Mr. Speaker, the Republican Party is 
here today with Ronald Reagan watch-ing from Heaven down on us, to say that we are continuing what he really began, and that is a process of Amer-ican exceptionalism around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume and thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary time. 
Mr. Speaker, shortly after midnight 
Tuesday night, the Rules Committee learned we would consider the Senate’s package of three sweeping trade bills. We convened mere hours later and con-sidered hundreds of pages of new text rewriting our trade laws and the rules of the House. 
Part of that package includes what is 
called fast track, a procedure that has outlived its purpose and circumvents congressional authority because it does not allow for committee debate or for the Members to be able to amend it or change it, just to vote up or down—at least that is what happened over here in the House. 
It silences the debates of the Mem-
bers of the Chamber, and by doing that, the Americans who send us here don’t have a voice. We are being asked to push this Trans-Pacific Partnership through by using fast track, and what is more, we are being asked to push fast track through with a closed rule. 
Now, we have been very concerned 
about what is in this fast track. As you know, we really aren’t allowed to know. We are only allowed to vote up or down on the trade bill itself, once fast track is passed. 
I realized how awful it was for us 
here; if we wanted to go see it, we had to take someone with us with a secu-rity clearance, but we would not be al-lowed to talk about it. 
I learned of something this morning 
that is even worse, an article of The New York Times about the Australian Government and the members of Par-liament there who say that, if they go down and read the trade bill, they have to sign an oath that they will not speak of it for 4 years. 
Now, that asks the question: Who 
runs these democracies, the Represent-atives of the people of the United 
States or the corporate giants who write the trade bills that we are not able to see? 
It is pretty clear who runs it here be-
cause, from what we have heard, that was leaked out through WikiLeaks, is that major parts of this bill have been negotiated by Big Pharma, the phar-maceutical industries of America, and the financial system. Neither one of those have shown any aptitude to try to put the members of the public first. 
Australia is so concerned about the 
fact that pharma is asking for 12 more years’ extension on their patents that they are very much afraid it will de-stroy their healthcare system. 
More and more people are finding out 
simply by the leaks of what is in this bill, and so far, according to the polls, nobody much likes it. 
Instead of the weeks that we could 
have had a transparent debate about a bill we had seen and a bill that we know, all we do is roll what happened in the Rules Committee yesterday. Yesterday, no Member of the Rules Committee or any Member of the House who came before it was allowed to have amendments approved. 
Now, the Senate did; the Senate al-
lowed amendments to change the bills considerably, but not us. Amendments were offered in the Rules Committee to provide for transparency so that we will know what these things are all about. 
To change the investor’s state, what 
we need to really bear down on—and the Australians are also aware of—is that disputes from any of the 12 coun-tries in this trade agreement, if they do not approve of or believe they are losing money because of our Clean Air Act or our Clean Water Act, they can go to the three-person tribunal of cor-porate lawyers and act against us. 
We know that that is a concern in 
this Congress because just yesterday, they voted away the country of origin labeling because they were concerned about the WTO. 
As I pointed out, we had those 
amendments. We also had one amend-ment on currency manipulation, which is a major concern. We lose lots of jobs and lots of money because of currency manipulation, and we simply allow it to happen. 
We will not do anything—everybody 
says, if that should be in this bill at all, that the President would veto it— so the American public, once again, those of us standing here trying to take care of them, are not going to be able to do it because we only know by word of mouth or what we have been able to read in the newspapers what is in there. 
Let me tell you what is in the rule. 
That is a very important piece. Most of the discussion in the House has been around what we call the pay-for part of the trade bill, which is called trade ad-justment allowance. That is supposed to take care of all the people who are laid off, who lose their jobs. The fact 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.036 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4229 June 11, 2015 
that we have asked for such a large 
number indicates to me that they ex-pect an awful lot of jobs lost in this country. 
So how the TAA was paid for, as it 
came from the Senate, was with a $700 million cut in Medicare. N
ANCY PELOSI  
has driven mightily, along with J OHN 
BOEHNER , to change those cuts that 
will be paid for with the TAA. 
I need to make it very clear, and I 
want everybody to understand that the bill we voted on this morning, the Afri-can growth bill, which contains the new pay-fors other than Medicare, are not valid until after the Senate acts on that bill. If tomorrow on the floor, the trade adjustment allowance and the fast track authority pass, they will go to the Senate, with the pay-fors com-ing from Medicare. 
I think it is very important that we 
make that point because many of the people that serve with us here are con-fused about exactly where that is com-ing from. 
Let me repeat that. The pay-fors that 
substitute from the use of Medicare to pay for trade adjustment allowance will not be valid until after there is Senate action, if or when that takes place. 
We were told that the Speaker said 
over in the Senate that he would do this under unanimous consent, but we have also been told that unanimous consent will not be given. 
Anyway, Mr. Speaker, the advocates 
of the fast track and TPP are telling us that this is going to be a wonderful trade deal. 
We know that it is not going to cre-
ate jobs because none of them have. Those of us in upstate New York, after NAFTA, we were told we were going to get at least 250,000 new jobs; instead, as the Speaker probably knows, we lost a great deal. 
If we, as Members of Congress, want-
ed to view the deal, we could not talk about it; and that, by itself, should be enough to have us not do it. 
b1515 
In a seminal sociological and polit-
ical discussion of our early American democracy, ‘‘Democracy in America,’’ Alexis de Tocqueville said of our Na-tion in 1835: ‘‘The surface of American society is covered with a layer of demo-cratic paint. But from time to time, one can see the old aristocratic colors breaking through.’’ 
This is one of those times, Mr. 
Speaker, because this bill, this trade bill that affects every person in the United States—and will for maybe a generation to come—is not being writ-ten by the Members of the House of Representatives or of the Senate, but in a closed, backroom deal and, as we are told, by major corporations in the United States to benefit themselves. That certainly appears to be what we are going to get. 
By giving away the role of Congress 
in setting the trade policies, we give away our ability to safeguard Amer-ica’s jobs and, most importantly again, 
as I pointed out, the American laws meant to protect the citizens we rep-resent, such as the Clean Water Act. I have never seen in my years of Con-gress a trade bill come out of this Con-gress that benefited either the Amer-ican manufacturer or the American worker. This one is the same. 
Any lawmaker thinking about voting 
for another job-killing trade agreement should take a serious look at NAFTA and at our growing trade deficit with South Korea and think about whether they want to be responsible for ship-ping their constituents’ jobs overseas. 
Now, we know this bill has been mod-
eled after the failed policies that have shuttered store windows and closed fac-tories all across the Nation. That is the legacy, ladies and gentlemen, of free trade. What we ought to demand in our trading bills is fair trade. America should not be the supplier of jobs to bolster the rest of world and improve their economies at the cost of ours. 
From food safety, clean air, and labor 
standards to environmental protec-tions, this trade deal would impact every facet of our daily lives. Ninety percent of the seafood now that is con-sumed by Americans is imported. Less than 3 percent of it is inspected. Tons of it have been sent back just from that small amount being inspected. 
We will not be able to interfere with 
them coming in here under the inves-tor-state dispute settlement or under this free trade act. 
I urge my colleague to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the rule and carefully, carefully con-sider the trade package before us. 
I reserve the balance of my time Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, the 
gentlewoman originally, I believe, is from Kentucky, and she will recognize when I tell this awesome story about how important a free trade agreement is. 
A couple of years ago, we did a free 
trade agreement with the country of Korea. Within a year, Mr. Speaker, as a result of that trade agreement, the number one selling car in Korea came from Georgetown, Kentucky. It is a Toyota Camry made in the United States. The Koreans love it, a Ken-tucky-made product. 
Mr. Speaker, if we didn’t have a free 
trade agreement with Korea, the people in Georgetown, Kentucky, couldn’t claim to be the number one car in Korea. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield 2 
minutes to the young gentleman from Auburn, Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ), a 
member of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I am 
rising today in support of today’s rule, which will allow us to proceed in con-sideration of trade promotion author-ity, trade adjustment assistance, and customs legislation. 
Passage of trade promotion authority 
is absolutely critical to our economic growth and global leadership. Without TPA, we will not be able to bring home the benefits of a high-standard trade 
agreement. 
Now, what are the benefits of high- 
standard trade agreements? Job cre-ation, selling American products across this globe to 96 percent of the market, which exists outside of this country. Selling American, that is what we want to do. 
And, by the way, we not only create 
jobs, but we create jobs that are higher paid wages, which we are all trying to struggle with across this country in raising the minimum wage. We can do that in this trade adjustment and trade promotion authority. 
This is counter to exactly what com-
munities across the Nation need right now: more opportunities, more good paying jobs; and that leads to a prom-ising future for our families, for our children, to better-paying, high-tech jobs and manufacturing jobs across this country. 
I am proud to be the House sponsor of 
legislation to renew trade adjustment assistance because I understand the ne-cessity of TAA. 
Now, not only is this a great trade 
initiative here, but we are also taking into consideration, as we move ahead in this global economy, that there may be people who do have opportunities to look at other jobs; and this TAA bill provides training and education for people to have and gain better jobs, higher paying jobs. So I would encour-age my colleagues to vote for this rule in support of TPA, TAA, and the cus-toms legislation. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 1 minute because I do so appreciate my friend, Mr. S
ESSIONS , 
giving us a good Kentucky story. I need to change that story just a little bit. That factory has been in George-town for at least three decades. It is Toyota, which is Japanese. 
All of South Korea has only 26 car 
dealers in the country that will sell an American car. Of course, we buy Japa-nese cars that are made here, but they don’t buy ours in Japan. I think about 2 years ago we had only sold 8,000 American cars in Japan for that entire year, and I would imagine we sell that many Japanese cars in the United States on a daily basis. 
So I appreciate the story. George-
town, I know, would love to be men-tioned, but we have got to get it right. 
Now I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-
woman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to this rule because Amer-ica’s middle class and our workers have been under economic attack. I rise to voice my opposition to the very re-strictive process being used to shove these job outsourcing trade deals through Congress. 
The Republican leadership has denied 
our House any amendment, even on currency manipulation, on legislation that is sure to impact every single American, turning our oversight role into little more than a rubberstamp. This makes a mockery of the House’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.067 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4230 June 11, 2015 
clear, constitutional authority on 
trade and commerce. 
Worse still, this limitation is being 
pursued because Republican leaders simply do not want to go to conference with the Senate. This belies every American, every Member their right to be represented and have a voice in this process. 
Hundreds, however, of multinational 
corporations and lobbyists, the 1 per-cent, helped to write, amend, and draft the TPP, the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship, line by line. 
But today, years into the process and 
with negotiation in the final stages, Members of Congress were only re-cently given our first access. To read it, you have to go to a secure room, deep in the Visitor Center. We are su-pervised. Any notes we take are con-fiscated, and we can’t discuss what we find with anyone unless they have top secret clearance. 
The trade deal is a secret deal be-
cause they want to fast-track it through Congress, hoping Congress really won’t understand what is in it. And I find it hard to imagine a more dangerous or irresponsible approach than fast-tracking another trade deal through Congress. 
TPA, the authority to fast track, is a 
gateway to the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship. Both will further harm workers and communities to a faster global race to the bottom, with more out-sourcing of jobs, more lower wages, more dropping benefits, more lower standards for worker safety, compensa-tion, and environment. We have seen that since NAFTA passed 30 years ago. 
For decades, I have fought against 
destructive trade deals that were brought down on our Nation’s workers and communities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Over this period of 
time, every time one of these so-called free trade deals is signed, America moves into deeper and deeper trade def-icit, deeper and deeper red ink, as more of our jobs get shipped abroad. 
I remember standing at the corner of 
Ohio and Michigan Avenues in Mata-moros, Mexico, and looking at the TRICO windshield factory that was moved from the State of New York down there, and Parker Seals. It al-most seemed like a movie set but for one thing, it was real. 
Last year alone, our trade deficit 
cost us 20 percent of our GDP. Is any-body here paying attention or are we all a part of the 1 percent and forget about the 99 percent who have had to bear the brunt of this terrible, terrible outsourcing of jobs? 
Average American wages across my 
region have dropped by $7,000. This trade deficit didn’t happen by accident. Some people got filthy rich off of it. 
This is a time for America to say, 
‘‘No more. No more. We are going to do it right. We are going to create trade deals that create jobs in our country, 
create a stronger middle class, raise wages, improve the environment, here and abroad. No more taking it out of the hide of America’s workers.’’ 
We are here because we stand on 
their shoulders. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule and ‘‘no’’ on TAA and ‘‘no’’ on TPP. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, you 
know, I love the fervency of our col-leagues who come down here and argue Japan is the problem. You can’t talk about the trade agreement that we have with Korea where it works— Japan, Japan, Japan. 
Well, good gosh, this is about getting 
a trade deal with what is called TPP, of which Japan would be included. This is a deal where my colleagues come down and don’t like our trade deficits, but the bottom line is that the United States has a trade surplus with its 20 free trade partners. 
So we are trying to take people from 
nontrade agreement, where we run a deficit and they close their market, to a trade deal where we run a surplus where people want to buy American- made products. If they will listen, we have got a good deal for them today. And one of those good deals, Mr. Speaker, is agriculture, so that our men and women engaged in agriculture can sell their products around the world. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from Midland, Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ), 
the chairman of the Agriculture Com-mittee. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of the rule, and I espe-cially want to commend Chairman R
YAN and his colleagues on Ways and 
Means for their hard work in bringing us the underlying legislation. 
Everyone in the room knows that 
America’s farmers and ranchers are the most productive in the world. They have continuously proven their ability to meet rapidly growing and ever- changing demands here at home, and their reach stretches well beyond the shores of America. In fact, exports now account for almost one-third of total U.S. farm income. In the case of com-modities like cotton, tree nuts, rice, and wheat, over one-half the total pro-duction is exported. 
In 2014 alone, U.S. agricultural ex-
ports set a record $152.5 billion, high-lighting the growing demand for qual-ity food and fiber around the world. As was noted in a recent hearing before the House Agriculture Committee, the United States exported almost as much beef, pork, and poultry to the 20 na-tions with which we have trade agree-ments as they did the other 170-plus nations in the world. 
Beyond the obvious benefits to pro-
ducers, trade also helps support almost 1 million American jobs in production agriculture and in related sectors like food processing and transportation. As a result, it is crucial not only to Amer-ican agriculture, but to the U.S. econ-omy as a whole, to maintain and in-crease access to the world’s 7 billion consumers, 95 percent of whom live 
outside the shores of the United States. To obtain that access, it is imperative that we work to reduce and eliminate international barriers to trade so that our farmers and ranchers can compete on a level playing field in the global market. 
With negotiations in the World Trade 
Organization languishing for the last 14 years, regional free trade agreements represent our best opportunity for ex-panding trade opportunities for U.S. agricultural. History has shown that trade promotion authority in one form or another has been vital in completing and implementing past agreements. In fact, Congress has granted TPA to every President since 1974, and the 114th Congress should be no exception. 
TPA will provide our negotiators 
with the credibility necessary to con-clude the most effective trade agree-ments possible by making it clear to the rest of the world that Congress and this administration are serious about this endeavor. 
The legislation before us today em-
powers Congress to move the aggres-sive trade agenda. It includes the strongest measures, to date, for ensur-ing that this President sticks to the negotiating objectives laid down by Congress, including the unicameral ability to turn TPA off on an indi-vidual agreement. At the end of the 
day, it is Congress that will decide the fate of each agreement. 
In conclusion, I am a strong pro-
ponent of free trade and the benefits it provides our Nation’s producers and consumers. However, if we are not going to continue to expand American markets, other countries, often with lower standards, will step up to the plate and fill that demand. Markets are not won or regained easily after they have been lost, and billions around the globe still want America’s quality food and fiber. 
b1530 
We can win over new markets, boost 
our economy, and meet these global de-mands first and foremost by showing that we are, in fact, a strong and reli-able trading partner. We can make that happen by passing this rule and the un-derlying TPA agreement. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her tremendous leadership on so many issues. 
I rise today in strong opposition to 
this rule. Our country has already lost too many good-paying American jobs because of past trade deals. We should be clear about what this rule would do. This rule is really a vote to extended Medicare sequestration and provides for no amendments in the fast track bill, Trade Adjustment Assistance, and the customs bill. 
We have seen what happens when bad 
trade deals are passed without congres-sional oversight: American jobs shift 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.068 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4231 June 11, 2015 
overseas—many come from commu-
nities of color; dangerous food makes its way to our meals; human rights are 
violated; labor standards are ignored; and the effects of climate change get worse. 
The American people do deserve bet-
ter. The American people deserve a trade policy that creates American jobs and an open process for passing trade deals that gives them a strong voice. 
Passing this rule and passing fast 
track does neither. This is a bad deal for American workers. It is bad for American jobs. It needs to go back to the drawing board, a drawing board that is public and that gives the Amer-ican people a voice in trade policy, not just big corporations and hedge fund managers. 
Between 2001 and 2011, the growing 
trade deficit with China cost more than 2.7 million jobs. Nearly 1 million of these jobs, mind you, came from com-munities of color. After these workers lost their jobs, their situation went from bad to worse. 
These workers saw their wages fall 
nearly 30 percent—or more than $10,000 a year. The total economic cost of this job loss to these communities is more than $10 billion. Now, that is $10 billion each and every year. 
We cannot allow another bad trade 
deal to shift millions more of American jobs overseas. We cannot allow another bad trade deal to strip billions from struggling communities. We cannot allow this rule or a flawed TAA or fast track to pass. 
Make no mistake, I support trade. I 
have the honor of representing the Port of Oakland, and I understand the critical role that trade plays in the economy in my district in California and also in our country. 
However, let me just say, trade only 
grows our economy. This bill is not fair; it is not open, and it is not trans-parent. 
I have the honor of representing the Port of 
Oakland and I understand the critical role that trade plays in the economy of my district, Cali-fornia and our country. 
However, trade only grows our economy 
when it’s fair, open, transparent and creates jobs. 
This bill—Fast Track—is not fair. It’s not open— And it’s not transparent. So once again, I urge a ‘‘NO’’ vote on this 
Rule, a ‘‘NO’’ on the flawed TAA, and a ‘‘NO’’ on Fast Track. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Good gosh, Mr. Speaker, I was afraid 
she was in reference to ObamaCare, which is why we are losing American jobs all across this country. 
The bottom line is that, where there 
is trade with other countries and we have a trade deal, America wins, and we get more jobs. As an example, 3 mil-lion jobs in the Lone Star State of Texas are related to trade, and jobs are growing nearly twice as fast as nontrade jobs. This is what is hap-pening. It is the vibrancy of America. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Har-rison Township, Michigan (Mrs. M
IL-
LER), chairman of the House Adminis-
tration Committee. 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in very 
strong support of this rule. 
I come from southeast Michigan, 
which, of course, is the heart of Amer-ican manufacturing. Michigan manu-facturers, especially the Big Three do-mestic auto companies, have all had concerns for years about the unfair competitive disadvantage that they face by nations that manipulate their currency such as Japan, South Korea, and China. 
It was very important to me that, as 
Congress moves forward with legisla-tion to give trade promotion authority to this President and others, that the package must also include strong, new tools allowing America to fight back against those nations that unfairly ma-nipulate their currency and those that harm American manufacturers. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very, very thank-
ful that Chairman R
YAN and House 
leadership agreed to work with us to craft an approach which I believe is a strong step forward. For decades, ad-ministrations of both parties have re-fused to identify foreign currency ma-nipulators or to take any action to stop it. 
The manager’s amendment, put for-
ward by Chairman R
YAN, that we 
worked with him to develop, gets very, very tough on currency manipulators. For the first time ever, Mr. Speaker, it puts in place a three-part test to define currency manipulation with specific guidance requiring nations that manip-ulate their currency to be named pub-licly. 
Also, for the first time, the focus will 
be shifted from reporting and moni-toring to actionable items and to steps that will show the impact of currency manipulation on the American econ-omy, as well, Mr. Speaker, as requiring remedial action to be taken. 
These tough steps will impact every 
Nation that we trade with, not just those that might be included in the TPP, but every Nation that we trade with, including South Korea and China, as I mentioned, Japan. 
Certainly, while these are steps in 
the right direction, more needs to be done; absolutely, more needs to be done. Here in Congress, every Member of Congress continues to reserve the right to oppose any TPP agreement that does not meet the needs of the American economy and the American manufacturing industry. 
With these changes that I have out-
lined here that are going to be in the manager’s amendment, I support—and I am proud to support—this trade pack-age that will provide an opportunity to drive our economy forward. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. 
L
YNCH ). 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, prior to coming to Con-
gress, I worked for a while as an iron-worker at the Quincy shipyard in Quin-cy, Massachusetts. I was a welder. 
Unfortunately, because of bad trade 
policy, that shipyard closed down, and thousands of workers were laid off. Later on, I also worked at the General Motors facility in Framingham, Massa-chusetts, and the company decided to close that plant down, while they opened three new ones in Mexico. I have seen what lousy trade policy can do. 
The fundamental problem with our 
trade policy is that it is negotiated in secret by multinational corporations who are basically hiring foreign labor at very low wages, move the jobs over-seas, and then export the products back into the United States. 
If you look at some of the minimum 
wages for the countries that we are dealing with in this trade agreement for Malaysia and Vietnam, it is less than $1 an hour for the minimum wage in those countries, and they maintain those low wages so that they can at-tract business. It is a race to the bot-tom. 
I do want to say that, as part of my 
job with the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, I have had a chance to go to South Korea and Japan to see how our trade agreements have been working out there. 
I was in South Korea for several 
days, and just on my own, with my staff, I looked for an American car for several days. We were in traffic a lot. South Korea is a booming industrial country, major highways. I saw hun-dreds of thousands of cars. 
I saw two—two—United States cars. 
One was the one I was driving in from the Embassy, and the second car was my security detail behind me. Those were the only two U.S. cars, only two U.S. cars. 
Our trade with Japan—I was in Japan 
as well. You need a detective to find a U.S. car in Japan. That is the plain and simple fact. They import $1 billion worth of U.S.-manufactured products in auto and the air industry; we import $25 billion. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentleman from Massachusetts just to ask one simple question: What was that trade deal that you were talk-ing about? 
Mr. LYNCH. The Korea-U.S. trade 
agreement. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Two years ago? Mr. LYNCH. Two years ago. Mr. SESSIONS. I thought you said 
you lost your job? 
Mr. LYNCH. What is that? No, no, no. 
The job I lost—you were talking to people—the job I lost, 2,700 workers lost at the GM plant, those plants were reopened in Mexico. 
Mr. SESSIONS. When was that? 
What trade deal? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.070 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4232 June 11, 2015 
Mr. LYNCH. That was right after 
NAFTA. That was another bad trade agreement. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Well, we gave you a 
good job, and you came to Congress. 
I think the gentleman makes a point 
that I would like to make, and that is we need a trade deal with Japan to level the playing field, and that is ex-actly what we are going to do. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLD-
ING), who sits on the Ways and Means 
Committee. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank Chairmen R YAN, SES-
SIONS , and T IBERI for their tireless ef-
fort to move us closer to realizing trade deals that will unlock new mar-kets and bolster our national security. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of both 
the rule in front of us today and the trade promotion authority legislation we will consider tomorrow. 
The benefits of increased free and fair 
trade are well established and undeni-able. For companies in my State, the pending trade deals would remove tar-iff barriers and unlock doors for busi-nesses such as Morris & Associates, who export the world’s best poultry chilling equipment; or a company like Cummins Engine in my State to export U.S.-made engines; and to allow count-less farms in my district and State to export hogs, chickens, tobacco, and sweet potatoes all across the globe. This means increased productivity, which means better wages and more jobs. 
More importantly, Mr. Speaker, TPA 
is about empowering Congress, making sure that this body and the people’s elected representatives keep tight reins on this President. 
Now, I am certainly no supporter of 
the President’s laundry list of uncon-stitutional actions from immigration, to his administration’s unilateral at-tempts to salvage the sinking ship that is ObamaCare, which is why TPA is needed. 
The President is going to negotiate 
trade deals whether or not we pass TPA. Why wouldn’t we want to make this President’s negotiators more ac-countable, the deals themselves more transparent, and make our oversight more effective? 
Now, here is how it works. If the 
President disregards the parameters Congress sets out or fails to consult Members at every step, Congress can turn off TPA. If the President comes back with a bad trade deal, Congress can vote it down. 
Mr. Speaker, we need TPA to not 
only get the best deals possible, but also need this authority to check the President. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
rule and support TPA. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from the land of cars, Michi-
gan (Mrs. D
INGELL ). 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, the rule 
we are considering today represents ev-erything for me that is wrong with pol-itics. We are currently debating the most important package of trade legis-lation in a generation; yet, despite how critical this issue is to American jobs, this rule does not allow any amend-ments. 
Currency manipulation, the mother 
of all trade barriers, has cost this coun-try as many as 5 million jobs. A bipar-tisan group of 20 Members—10 Repub-licans, 10 Democrats—proposed an amendment to address this, and it is vital that Congress debate and vote on how to address currency manipulation as we set U.S. trade policy for the next decade. 
With nothing but the deepest of re-
spect for the chair of the Rules Com-mittee, I want to give you the facts about the Korean free trade agreement. The reality is that after it passed, we increased exports to Korea from 14,000 to 34,000. 
By comparison, Korea exported 
800,000 to the U.S. before the trade agreement and now exports 1.3 million. We increased our exports to Korea by 20,000, and they have increased their exports to this country by 461,000. 
Toyota made more money last year 
in currency manipulation in this coun-try than Ford Motor Company did in its worldwide operations. 
The American people deserve a full 
and open debate on trade policy, not procedural gimmicks and political games that shut out amendments and avoid the tough questions. 
Let’s defeat this rule and have a real 
debate on the issues that the working men and women of this country have sent us here to consider and that are so critical to the livelihood and the back-bone of this American economy. Amer-ican jobs are at stake. 
b1545 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Sunny-side, Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ), a 
farmer and a rancher and a freshman Member on the Rules Committee. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. I thank the chair-
man for yielding his time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support 
the rule and the underlying trade pro-motion authority granted by H.R. 1314. 
As a member of the Rules Com-
mittee, I can affirm that the com-mittee heard and seriously considered many amendments and concerns from both Democratic and Republican Mem-bers late into the night. This rule has been very fair, deliberative, and inter-ested parties have been given ample op-portunity to weigh in on it and on the underlying legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, as you just heard, I 
come from the State of Washington, which is the most trade-benefited State in the country. If my colleagues want to see the benefit trade brings and the jobs it creates, they only have to look at my State. We export coffee, aircraft, 
footwear, software—you name it. We also have an enormous agriculture in-dustry. In Washington, we export fully 30 percent of the apples we grow, more than 85 percent of the wheat, 75 percent of the hops. Right now, consumers around the world are enjoying a brand new crop of fresh Washington State cherries, but the trade success story I want to share with you today is about potatoes. 
Prior to the U.S.-Korea Free Trade 
Agreement that the Congress passed and the President signed in 2011, we shipped $53 million worth of french fries to South Korea. After that agree-ment was passed, that value rose to $83 million—a 57 percent increase in just 2 years—largely attributed to the trade barriers that were lowered. For the record, that potato industry supports fully 24,000 jobs in my State. Those are good-paying jobs which are all sup-ported by trade. 
Trade promotion authority is about 
creating a fair playing field for Amer-ican producers so we can create more jobs here at home. Most people may not know this, but, right now, Amer-ican wines face 50 percent tariffs in Japan. Chilean and Argentinean wines face no tariffs at all. Our beef faces a 38 percent tariff—our oranges, a 16 per-cent tariff. TPA will instruct our nego-tiators to work on lowering these bar-riers to U.S. products. 
Mr. Speaker, Americans produce 
some of the finest products in the world, and if given the chance to com-pete fairly, I believe they can. I have no doubt that we can outperform al-most any competitor in the world, but we can’t continue to allow other coun-tries to stack the deck against us, which is happening right now. By granting the President the power to ne-gotiate a treaty and by Congress tell-ing him what priorities must be nego-tiated, we can create a fair playing field and create those jobs we need here at home. 
I understand there are concerns 
about the privacy surrounding the TPP deal. I share those concerns, which is why I have personally gone and re-viewed the text of this deal three times now. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. The reason this 
vote on TPA is so important is that it will make the deal public. It will give the American people at least 2 months and as much as 5 months to review any negotiated deal. That is months to tell their Members of Congress whether they should support the deal or not. Without voting on TPA, there is no re-view period. The deal can stay a secret. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule and the under-
lying bill are critical to our economy. Without TPA, our country will be left disadvantaged against other countries, and we will be left to trade with one arm tied behind our back. With it, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.071 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4233 June 11, 2015 
can open new opportunities for our 
businesses. They can grow and create more jobs, and we can ensure that the American economy remains the most competitive, strongest economy in the world for decades to come. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, the rule 
before us today is filled with plenty of procedural gimmicks but with no op-portunities to actually improve the un-derlying bills. 
These bills fail to have enforceable 
environmental negotiating objectives; they fail to address currency manipula-tion adequately; and they fail to recog-nize climate change and its connection to trade. I had proposed amendments to address these issues, which were, un-fortunately, not made in order. 
Since NAFTA and other subsequent 
deals, millions of United States manu-facturing jobs—one in four, in fact— have been lost, and when manufac-turing workers lose their jobs due to trade, the story doesn’t get much bet-ter: three in five of them take cuts if they find a new job. This is a bad deal for those who lose their jobs due to trade, of course, but it is also bad for all Americans, and it is one reason wages have stagnated for the last two decades. We cannot afford to fast-track another NAFTA on steroids. 
On top of that, according to the De-
partment of Labor, four TPP negoti-ating partners are using forced labor or child labor in violation of inter-national standards. Are these the types of countries to which we want to give fast-tracked trade privileges? Plenty of multinational corporations will benefit from TPP, from increased drug prices to access to cheaper labor, when Amer-ican jobs are offshored. That much is clear. Yet it is not clear how the aver-age American worker—the people of New York’s Capital Region that I rep-resent and the people who sent all of us to be their voices in Washington— would benefit. 
Let’s end this foolishness and take up 
bills that actually help our working families by passing a minimum wage, by requiring paid family leave, by in-vesting in STEM education and re-search, and by rebuilding our infra-structure. 
I urge my colleagues to defeat this 
rule, to defeat this inadequate trade adjustment assistance and to defeat fast track. My message: Hands off the American worker. Hands off the Amer-ican worker’s children. Hands off the American Dream. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ), a very savvy 
member of our trade team and a gen-tleman from the Ways and Means Com-mittee. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. I thank the chair-
man for yielding time. 
Mr. Speaker, there are hundreds of 
trade agreements being carried out all over the world today, and the United States—our country—is sitting on the 
sidelines. Ninety-five percent of the market is closed off in many respects because we don’t have trade agree-ments; we don’t have the market open-ing. We are an open economy. They are sending stuff here, but we don’t have the opportunity to sell there. That is a problem. 
Let’s talk about what trade pro-
motion authority really is. At a very basic level, it is the catalyst for Amer-ican economic engagement around the world. It is the catalyst for American leadership. I, for one—and, I think, for most of my friends here on this side of the aisle—am not ready to just step back and relinquish American leader-ship to others. That is just unaccept-able. Trade promotion authority gets us started. 
We are on the verge of negotiating 
two very important trade agreements with growing areas around the world— the Asia-Pacific region and the Euro-pean Union. This represents the lion’s share of gross domestic product growth around the world. Why would we want to lock ourselves out of these markets? It is absolutely ridiculous. It is absurd. We want the American worker to have access to those markets. I want moth-ers around the world to buy goods off the shelves that read, ‘‘Made in Amer-ica.’’ Those markets are closed. Let’s open them. Let’s get trade promotion authority in place. 
What is it? It is not the trade agreement, itself. 
It is the process by which we get the strongest and highest quality trade agreement for American workers that would be most beneficial to our coun-try. It is the whole way we are going to achieve growth in this economy. We can’t do it to the extent we need to without this. It puts Congress in the driver’s seat, providing over 150 negoti-ating priorities that we set, not the ad-ministration. We set these as we nego-tiate with foreign countries. If we fail to pass this, the President negotiates on his own priorities, not on the prior-ities of the American people. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Trade promotion 
authority gives more transparency to the whole process. Right now, we don’t have the kind of transparency that is necessary. TPA, trade promotion au-thority, is public. That is public. That is the process. It is very public. Go to congress.gov. Anybody can read the legislation. It is public. Plus, passing TPA will require that the final trade agreement—those negotiations aren’t done yet, but once they are concluded, the President has to make it public for 60 days in order for anybody and every-body to read it. That is transparency. 
If we fail to pass this, we are giving 
up American leadership. We are basi-cally throwing the American worker under the bus. We need growth. We need American leadership, and trade promotion authority is the catalyst for 
providing that leadership. Trade pro-motion authority is necessary for Con-gress to provide the proper checks and balances on the administration. I don’t want the administration negotiating without our having a robust consult-ative role in this, and that is what TPA does. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
rule and to support this underlying leg-islation. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, the 
only way to get better trade agree-ments is to reject this fast-track bill and develop a better alternative that reflects our values and the realities of the 21st century. 
As one who has supported legislation 
for more trade with most of the coun-tries that are TPP agreement coun-tries, I would like to support more trade today, but, as happened in the Ways and Means Committee, this rule shuts out every single attempt of Democrats to strengthen and improve this bill. 
These Fast Trackers—they say they 
want free trade. Well how about trade that is free of secrecy and connivance? How about trade that is free of deals that jeopardize our the health and safe-ty such as the food that we eat as American families? How about trade that is free of corporate panels that will be able to award taxpayer dollars to foreign corporations with more rights than American businesses, in-stead of relying on our system of jus-tice? 
I think we have to look at the trade 
agreements we have had in the past— the free trade agreements—and realize that, for too many American workers, they haven’t been free. They have come at a tremendous cost. This trade agree-ment has been shrouded in secrecy in order to assure there is not a full and fair debate or a discussion of the fail-ures of the USTR. 
The USTR, as of right now, has not 
shared with this Congress a single doc-ument to show how Vietnam, instead of being the great human rights abuser it is today, will begin to show even the slightest measure of decency to its workers. The USTR has ignored the record of sex trafficking and human trafficking in Malaysia. One of the worst and in a category by itself with North Korea—and a handful of others— in human trafficking. And they are being rewarded in this deal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Too often, the USTR 
simply does not believe in law enforce-ment. It wouldn’t enforce the law in Guatemala and Honduras under prior labor agreements. In Peru, it ignored the audit responsibility that it had. 
We can do better than this. We can 
do better than some kind of Christmas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.073 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4234 June 11, 2015 
wish list of multiple objectives that 
this President doesn’t have to follow. And indeed, this Christmas wish list is being proposed for the next President, who has not even been elected—an open-ended ability to have more trade agreements that come at the cost of too many families. We can do better. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I just 
love our friends who come up to the po-dium and talk about jobs; yet it is this administration and the Democrat poli-cies that have taken American jobs, in-cluding ObamaCare, climate change, and all of the other rules and regula-tions—175,000 pages of rules and regula-tions—and have inhibited growth and job development in the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the 
gentleman from Butler, Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), one of the most exciting 
new, young Members of Congress. 
b1600 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in strong support of this. We have a duty here to legislate based on truth and not on fiction. Let’s establish the facts. First of all, if you want really strong trade agreements, then you have to be in a position to ne-gotiate those because, I will tell you, my friends, if we are not at the table, we are on the menu. 
As we talk about growing the econ-
omy and growing jobs and making sure that America is secure going into the future, and if you are worried about having an agreement that doesn’t meet the demands that the American people are asking for, trade promotion author-ity is the only thing that gives us the ability to drive strong trade agree-ments to make sure that every single American is taken care of. 
Now, this TPA does not give Presi-
dent Obama any new power, none what-soever. For those of us who don’t trust the President’s judgment, then TPA is absolutely necessary. It is not an op-tion. We look at things and we talk about the people’s House and what the responsibility of the people’s House is and how would the people’s House move forward. 
This puts us in the driver’s seat. This 
allows this Congress, the people’s House, to set the parameters of any fu-ture trade agreements. It does not ne-gate them; it enforces them. So if you are worried about a strong trade agree-ment, then make sure that we give our-selves the power to actually set the pa-rameters of the way a trade agreement should look. 
It is time to get rid of all this bogey-
man talk about what is going on. I have got to tell you, if you want the United States of America to dominate a global economy and not just partici-pate in a global economy, then you have to have trade promotion author-ity. My lifetime has been spent negoti-ating. When you sit down at the table to actually negotiate something, the question that always came up to me: Was there anybody else other than yourself that would be responsible for making the decision? Without that de-
cision, without that clarity, we can’t draw on strong trade agreements. TPA is the only thing that gives us that. If you want to strengthen our country, if you want to grow our economy, if you want to create new jobs for America, then we need strong trade agreements. 
Now, fast track, anything but fast 
track. Smart track, safe track, sure track, and something that gets Amer-ica’s economy back on track—abso-lutely. Vote for TPA. Vote for Amer-ican jobs. Vote for the United States of America to drive the global economy and continue to write the rules and not China. 
If you really are concerned about 
American jobs, and if you are really concerned about America’s role in the world, then don’t put us behind; put us in front. Let America, with the strong-est economy, drive the trade agree-ments. TPA gives us that, gives us the ability to grow an American economy, grow American jobs, and make Amer-ica more safe and secure. And it gives our partners around the world the cer-tainty that America has not walked away from the table; America will con-tinue to be your strongest partner and your strongest ally to build a stronger and more safe world. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN), the distin-
guished ranking member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
(Mr. LEVIN asked and was given per-
mission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, this rule 
covers three bills. It covers TAA and TPA. I asked Rules to place in order a substitute bill on TPA that would have helped a full discussion of this vital issue affecting 40 percent of global GDP. Under the rule before us, if a ma-jority does not vote for TAA, there will not be a vote on TPA tomorrow. This will give the House another oppor-tunity to improve TPA and TAA, of which I am an author. TAA should not be a bargaining chip for a flawed TPA bill. 
The third bill, Customs, weakens the 
TPA bill on human trafficking, pro-hibits any provision in TPP relating to climate, likewise as to immigration, and strikes out the Schumer provision on currency manipulation. The man-ager’s amendment on currency is more rhetorical language without any teeth. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Genoa Township, Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ). He is one 
of our three captains that has driven this entire thing in addition to Chair-man P
AUL RYAN and myself. He has 
done an outstanding job. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman for his leadership. Texas is lucky to have him. 
Ladies and gentlemen, today and to-
morrow, we are not voting on a trade agreement. We are not voting on a trade agreement. In fact, we are voting on a bill called TPA, which is this. It is 
public. We can all read it. Our constitu-ents can read it. We are not voting on anything today or tomorrow that we can’t read, that is secret. 
A lot of confusion out there. Here is 
what TPA is, and you have heard it be-fore. It is a process. It is a process where Congress inserts itself to what the executive branch already can do, which is negotiate a trade agreement. But it is a process that, quite frankly, empowers the Congress. It tells the President, as the lead negotiator, this is what we would like him to do, and we are going to hold our authority, and we are going to say whatever the Presi-dent negotiates, we are going to either approve it or not. 
But you know what? By passing TPA, 
we are going to require that, whatever is negotiated, the public is given 60 days to review, which doesn’t have to be done unless TPA is passed. 
Mr. Chairman, I didn’t have 6 hours 
to review ObamaCare—not 6 hours. My constituents will have 60 days before the President can sign any deal he ne-gotiates. That is what TPA does. It in-serts Congress. It inserts the American people into any trade agreement the President—this one or the next—nego-tiates. It empowers the people to re-view that process, to review that agree-ment—no secrecy. 
This is what we are voting on tomor-
row, ladies and gentlemen, TPA. Please go to congress.gov to look at it. An-other day, maybe tomorrow, we will talk a little bit about what trade has done, not done, what it has done for American consumers and American employees and American businesses. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, may 
I inquire how much time I have re-maining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
ILL). The gentlewoman from New 
York has 5 minutes remaining. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Let me take 30 
seconds and say, that is really great, go ahead and read the TPA, but it is the bill we are worried about, the TPP. We have to have an armed guard, prac-tically, to go look at that. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). 
Mr. ELLISON. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding me the time. 
Mr. Speaker, there really is quite a 
lot on the line here, despite what some speakers would submit, which is, oh, you know, this is just the TPA; it is not a big thing. No, this is a huge thing. 
As a matter of fact, this particular 
rule we are voting on right now does three important things. One is that it has the pay-for for the trade adjust-ment assistance that includes cuts to Medicare. No matter how you slice it, if you vote for this rule, you are voting to cut Medicare. Then what it does, it sets up a vote for the trade adjustment assistance and trade promotion author-ity. 
The fact is, if you go home and you 
try to explain to Americans, ‘‘Oh, I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.094 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4235 June 11, 2015 
didn’t vote to cut Medicare,’’ the fact 
is you will not be able to honestly say that. You might be able to say, ‘‘Well, I did, but then they fixed it.’’ You might be able to say, ‘‘Well, yeah, I cut Medicare, but then later on we passed a thing and maybe M
ITCH MCCONNELL  
won’t try to change it later.’’ You can say anything you want, but the maneuverings on this floor and in this body to get us to where we are have not changed one solid fact, which is that we are voting to cut Medicare. 
Now, there are all kinds of cute pro-
cedural maneuverings and different kinds of rules we are invoking, but you cannot escape the essential fact: the cut to Medicare is not going to be cut and excised out of this. If you vote for the rule, you voted to cut Medicare. Our seniors have taken enough on the chin. Do not put their livelihood at risk. 
Now, let me also say that this TAA is 
not supported by the AFL–CIO. Trade adjustment assistance is to help work-ers who are displaced by bad trade deals. Wouldn’t you think that the president of the AFL–CIO would say, ‘‘Yeah, well, we definitely would want TAA’’? And he usually almost always does, but not this time because he knows what all of us should know, which is this trade adjustment author-ity is cutting Medicare. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. ELLISON. This trade adjustment 
authority is paid for by Medicare. It continues to be underfunded. Trade ad-justment authority is underfunded. It is like if you kick somebody off their job because of a bad trade deal and then you tell them, ‘‘We are going to help you adjust to it.’’ Well, you know what? At least we should fund it prop-erly. Given the billions of dollars that will be made by this trade deal by mul-tinational corporations, doesn’t it make sense that we should at least try to fully fund trade adjustment author-ity, trade adjustment assistance? But we don’t. 
Then the fact is that it excludes pub-
lic sector workers. Public sector work-ers are negatively impacted by bad trade deals, just like all other workers. Why wouldn’t we include them in it? They are not included in it. 
So this TAA, this trade adjustment 
assistance, package is insufficient. We must vote it down. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I just want to let Members know, when you walk into that senior center and Mrs. McGillicuddy asks you, ‘‘Did you vote to cut Medicare?’’ I hope you can answer truthfully you did not vote to cut Medicare. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no further speakers. 
I reserve the balance of my time to 
close. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, the 
Nation’s bad trade bills have gutted our manufacturing economy, trans-formed our stature on the global stage, and taken millions of jobs from Amer-
ican workers. Heavens to Betsy, let’s not do it again. We need to demand a trade deal that will let us sell Amer-ican-made goods to every customer in the world, and we need a trade bill that is negotiated through a transparent and open process that doesn’t mortgage our patents, our innovation, and our future. 
Let me echo what Congressman E
LLI-
SONjust said. This rule, this vote right 
now that we are about to take, codi-fies, it ensures, that this money for the trade adjustment assistance will come from Medicare. That is what will go to the President. If you vote for this, you are voting for Medicare to be used in that way. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the rule and on the underlying bills. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
I support TPA because it provides an 
unprecedented level of transparency. Let me be clear. A vote for TPA is a vote for jobs. It is a vote so that we can grow our economy. It is not a vote for a secret document. It is a vote to set up a process that ensures the American people understand exactly what any trade deal is before Congress votes on it. We will have 60 days to do that. TPA requires that the President make pub-lic the text of a complicated trade agreement for at least 60 days, and we are going to do just that. 
Over the last few months, I have 
worked with Chairman P
AULRYANand 
Chairman P ATTIBERI and other Mem-
bers of Congress to strengthen TPA so that the President cannot hijack free trade agreements. I think it is obvious here: no one in this body really trusts the President of the United States to go and negotiate something that we would be in favor of. That is why we are making this trade TPA, so that we are following our agenda, one that we know that we have heard of. We have heard the concerns of the American people regarding immigration, climate change, currency, American sov-ereignty, and I think we have ad-dressed all of these. 
My constituents are just like me. 
They want to know that we are going to support jobs. But we do not trust the President, and that is why we are doing this deal today. This grants no new au-thority to the President of the United States. 
Just the other day, I began working 
further after the Senate passed their TPA bill, and I worked with Congress-man S
TEVE KINGof Iowa to ensure that 
the trade agreements do not require changes to U.S. immigration laws or to obligate the United States to gain ac-cess or to extend access to visas. 
We had an excellent idea, also, that 
we took from Senator T
EDCRUZfrom 
Texas. We just strengthened it and made it more straightforward, and it is in this deal that we do. 
This trade package also includes lan-
guage that would prohibit the adminis-tration from attaching any climate 
change commitments to a trading agreement. 
b1615 
We have also worked to guarantee 
that American sovereignty is upheld. TPA reflects what the Constitution re-quires, and that is that Congress main-tain authority over any changes to U.S. law and our constitutional rights to approve any trade agreement. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of 
this rule. I look forward to the debate that will follow. I urge my colleagues to listen to every single bit of this, and they will understand why a vote for TPA and this rule is the right thing to do. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise in opposition to the rule to consider the Senate amendment to H.R. 644, Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
I strongly support legislation to update the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) as it exists today. That said, I must voice my great dismay with the inclusion of H.R. 878, the ‘‘United States Customs and Border Pro-tection Authorization Act,’’ in a vehicle that cir-cumvents regular order and is under threat of veto. 
Enactment of CBP authorization legislation 
could help clarify and enhance Congressional intent for this critical agency as well as the oversight of its activities. In the previous Con-gress, the Committee on Homeland Security marked up and reported such legislation, which was subsequently considered and passed by the House. Because authorizing such a large and important agency requires a thoughtful and thorough approach, H.R. 878 should have gone through regular order this Congress. 
There are 10 new Members of Congress 
serving on the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity this Congress. Upending regular order, as the House Leadership is doing, effectively pre-vents my Committee and its newest members from applying the knowledge we acquired through oversight about CBP programs and activities to improving the legislation before us today. 
Moreover, the text of the legislation in which 
these important provisions are included was just made available at midnight on Wednes-day, and we are now considering it under a rule that does not allow for amendments. By limiting the ability of my Members to weigh in on the CBP Authorization provisions, even if only on the House floor, we are denied the op-portunity to address changes that the Ways and Means Committee made to the text. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, I support authorizing 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection but am deeply disappointed that the fate of this non- controversial legislation, which was over-whelmingly approved by the 113th Congress on suspension, is now tied to controversial measures that the President may well veto. This, Mr. Speaker, is no way to legislate. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time, and I move the pre-vious question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.082 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4236 June 11, 2015 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of the resolu-tion will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if 
ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 217, nays 212, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 359] 
YEAS—217 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Boehner Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gibbs Goodlatte Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NAYS—212 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fleming Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett 
Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho 
NOT VOTING—5 
Amodei Clawson (FL) Gowdy 
Himes Thompson (CA) 
b1650 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi and 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mrs. WALORSKI, Messrs. WITTMAN, 
BLUMENAUER, DELANEY, and ROHRABACHER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 239, nays 172, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 360] 
AYES—239 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Allen Barletta Barton Becerra Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cleaver Cohen Cole Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Duncan (TN) Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann 
Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Goodlatte Graham Granger Grayson Grothman Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Nadler Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Pingree Pocan Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Ribble Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.084 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4237 June 11, 2015 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Takano Thornberry Tiberi Titus 
Trott Upton Van Hollen Wagner Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—172 
Aguilar Amash Babin Barr Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (MI) Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chaffetz Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Coffman Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney Denham DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellison Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Fudge Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith 
Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Honda Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hunter Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (IL) Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lance Langevin Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Love Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McDermott McGovern Messer Miller (FL) Moore Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Nolan Norcross Nugent Palazzo Pallone Paulsen 
Payne Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Gohmert 
NOT VOTING—21 
Amodei Ashford Bass Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Doyle, Michael 
F. Ellmers (NC) 
Foster Frankel (FL) Gowdy Grijalva Meeks Pearce Pitts Ryan (OH) 
Thompson (CA) Tonko Torres Walz Young (AK) 
b1657 
So the Journal was approved. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. b1700 
FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNI-
VERSITY AND FLORIDA POWER AND LIGHT PARTNERSHIP 
(Mr. CURBELO of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CURBELLO of Florida. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the newly announced partnership with Florida International University, a nationally respected institution of higher learning in my district, and Florida Power and Light. 
FIU and FPL are working toward 
providing cleaner energy solutions to south Florida, something I whole-heartedly support. The project involves the installation of more than 5,700 solar panels on 23 canopy-like struc-tures that will be constructed over the next few months in FIU’s engineering center parking lot. Engineering stu-dents at FIU will directly monitor the amount of energy generated from these solar panels and the effects they have on the electricity grid that provides power for south Florida. 
It was recently announced that FPL, 
which already is the largest generator of solar energy in Florida, is expected to triple its presence in the business by 2016. Such an undertaking is only pos-sible with talented and capable stu-dents, and I am glad to see FPL is help-ing to train a new generation of engi-neers that will create fresh solutions for our energy needs. 
So with that, Mr. Speaker, I want to 
congratulate FIU and FPL on their partnership and wish them success. I look forward to visiting the campus soon and seeing the progress being made. 
f 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY 
OPERATIONS 
(Ms. DUCKWORTH asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, this 
year’s Defense Appropriations bill re-lies on adding an additional $38 billion into the overseas contingency oper-ations account, the OCO account. This budgeting gimmick is an end around to sequestration. It avoids the hard work that is required to reach a budget agreement and repeal sequestration once and for all. OCO funds are sup-posed to be used for war operations, and their use in the legislation mis-leads the American people. 
The sequester cuts continue to have 
devastating impact on our schools, our Nation’s infrastructure, and our invest-ments in scientific research. Now is the time to fix this sequester, not deceive the American people about defense spending. 
Our servicemembers and their fami-
lies deserve to know their future more than just 1 year at a time. As a nation, we need to base our military strategy on an appropriate, long-term defense spending plan, not a budgetary gim-
mick. 
Mr. Speaker, I voted for this legisla-
tion because we cannot leave our troops who are currently in harm’s way without funding. As the appropriations process moves forward, I urge my col-leagues from both sides of the aisle to provide our military with the long- term support it needs and the Amer-ican people with the transparency that they deserve. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF LOWELL ROBINSON 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, tonight 
I rise in fond memory of a friend from Nevada County, Lowell Robinson, who is a community icon who passed away just recently at age 86. 
Born in Nevada City in April 1929, his 
entrepreneurial career started in 1949 when he designed equipment for a local sawmill. A few years later, he began the logging business known as Robin-son & Sons. In 1971, he helped establish Robinson Enterprises, which includes gold mining, road construction, log-ging, and petroleum distribution and sales. 
Mr. Robinson was an active sup-
porter, in many ways, of the Nevada County community. Indeed, he was a very kind gentlemen, liked by every-body, and his legacy will be felt for many, many years in the work he did for helping United Way, FFA, 4–H, Boy Scouts. Just about anything worth doing, he was involved with in Nevada County, including my own personal travels. 
This little old Indian Springs school 
still stands where he attended and his family owns. I hope some day they can renovate it in his honor. 
So I join the community of Nevada 
County in mourning this loss, a great friend, a personal friend of mine who was always a kindhearted person whom you just got along great with. Our con-dolences go out to Wanda and his whole family. 
f 
ADMINISTRATION’S FOREIGN POL-
ICY IS A SERIOUS MISCALCULA-TION 
(Mr. M
CDERMOTT asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I 
have generally admired President Obama’s bold foreign policy decisions. However, the administration’s latest announcement to send an additional 450 U.S. military advisers to Iraq and to arm the Sunni tribes, the Shia forces, and the Kurdish Peshmerga, alike, is a grave misjudgment. 
Arming the Sunni tribes could under-
mine Iraqi Prime Minister Abadi and the central government the U.S. is try-ing desperately to prop up. Sunni as-sistance may, in turn, push Iran to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.041 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4238 June 11, 2015 
more aggressively arm their Shia mili-
tias in Iraq. 
Worse still, arming the Shia fighters 
will further inflame Iraq’s deep sec-tarian divide, which ISIS has exploited so skillfully. The Kurdish Peshmerga is perhaps the only reliable and ready force deserving of U.S. military assist-ance, but no amount of heavy weap-onry will defeat ISIS without a con-certed political settlement both in Baghdad and Damascus. 
All of this comes just days after 
President Obama has said, yet again, we do not have a complete strategy to defeat ISIS in Iraq or Syria. 
The U.S. has few palpable options 
when it comes to untangling the re-gion’s current chaos. However, the ad-ministration’s current strategy ‘‘to arm everyone and let God sort them out’’ is a serious miscalculation. 
f 
FAST TRACK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
BOST). Under the Speaker’s announced 
policy of January 6, 2015, the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am 
going to address the issues that we will be voting on tomorrow: trade adjust-ment assistance and the trade pro-motion authority, or fast track. 
I know that a number of my col-
leagues are within the sound of my voice, and I hope that if they share my views on these issues they will come down to the floor and invite me to yield them time. Until then, I am going to first focus on the trade adjustment assistance bill that will be before us to-morrow. 
There are so many reasons to vote 
against trade adjustment assistance in this form, even if it was a freestanding bill. First, it is inadequate. It has got roughly $450 million, and there is no assurance that that money will be available next year or the year after that. 
We know that the majority of this 
House is actually opposed to funding this program at all. They are doing it in an effort to pass fast track. Once fast track is passed, every effort will be made on this floor to cut this program to zero. Bait and switch, you have been warned. 
Second, this amount of money, who 
is supposed to be eligible? The pro-ponents of fast track have said, well, we have expanded those who are eligi-ble, not just those who lose their jobs because of the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship trade deal we are planning, not just those who lost their job because of NAFTA, but everybody who has lost their job because of globalization in any of its forms. Well, that is also a bait and switch. 
They are able to tell tens of millions 
of Americans you are going to be eligi-ble for this program, but the program has only $450 million in it nationwide. So it is like you win because we give you a lottery ticket, and then we de-
termine whether you will be one of the very small percentage of those who have lost their job due to globalization who benefit from the program. 
This program is inadequate. It also 
explicitly contains language excluding any public sector employee from a ben-efit. Imagine that great unfairness. If you are at a public university and somehow grading of tests is offshored, you can’t benefit. But if you are at a private university, same job, same offshoring, whether it be a call center or any of the other services that can be offshored in today’s modern age, you could possibly—you are probably not going to get anything—but you can, at least, apply for a benefit. 
The exclusion of the public sector 
may have made sense 40 or 50 years ago when only manufacturing jobs were subject to foreign competition. Today, anything that is done on the Internet, anything that is done on the phone, anything that is part of the informa-tion economy is a job that can be taken offshore. It is going to be very difficult for Members of this House to explain that they voted for a program that slapped in the face those who lose their jobs because it is a public sector job. 
The biggest problem with TAA is 
that it cuts Medicare two different ways. One way we are told is an accept-able way to cut Medicare, and the other we are told isn’t going to really happen. It is actually two cuts to Medi-care. 
The first that they say they have 
ironed out is the $700 million cut to Medicare that will, under the rule just passed in this House by a small major-ity, graft itself onto the Trade Adjust-ment Assistance bill if that bill unfor-tunately passes. So you will be in a po-sition to explain why you voted for a bill, knowing full well that as soon as it passed, a $700 million cut to Medi-care was grafted on it and that the President would have on his desk and intended to sign a bill that cut Medi-care by $700 million. 
Now, you can present a complicated 
chart showing how you voted for Trade Adjustment Assistance but you didn’t vote for the rule, and the cut for Medi-care was supposed to be undone by the other bill that you voted for before you voted against it. And if you are able to make that explanation, more power to you. 
But if you are a Democrat, you will 
be in a particularly weak position to make that explanation, because the AFL–CIO issued a letter today that said a vote for Trade Adjustment As-sistance in this form with this rule in this ‘‘here you see it, now you don’t; we will take it away, don’t worry about it’’ Medicare cut is a cut to Medicare. So you are going to be explaining why your opponent’s attack on you is unfair when you are a Democrat and you say it is unfair, but the AFL–CIO says it is not only fair, it is absolutely true. A special problem for Democrats. Repub-licans will not have the difficulty in 
explaining why they disagree with the AFL–CIO. 
Then there is a Medicare cut that is 
supposed to become law. This is the di-alysis cut, and here is the thinking: Medicare will be more efficient in deal-ing with dialysis. We pass a statute that allows them to make use of clinics instead of hospitals. So through new procedures and new technology, Medi-care will save roughly $250 million. 
Okay. Does Medicare keep that sav-
ings? No. It is used to buy votes for fast track. 
Now, how is Medicare going to be 
sustained if every time new technology allows Medicare to save money, we take the savings and use it for some-thing else, but every time new tech-nology creates new medical costs, new things for Medicare to pay for, well, Medicare has to pay for them? 
If we establish a principle that every 
new technology that saves Medicare money is money to be spent on some-thing else and every change in medical technology that increases Medicare’s cost has to come out of Medicare, 
Medicare will be bankrupt and will go bankrupt more quickly as we change medicine. 
b1715 
That cut is supposed to become law if 
you vote for TAA, but TAA is on this floor for only one reason. It is a way to put a bandaid on a giant decapitation of the American middle class, a tiny program designed to facilitate the pas-sage of a trade bill which will govern 40 percent of the world’s GDP. 
Don’t be in enabler. Do not go back 
home and say you opposed fast track, but that you voted for the bill that will enable fast track. If you are against fast track, then you have got to vote ‘‘no’’ on TAA. 
Well, what about fast track? What 
about this new Asia deal that is being negotiated? In the past, the proponents of these trade deals have come forward and said that they were going to reduce our trade deficit and create more jobs than will be lost. 
For this deal, they don’t even make 
that assertion. Their bait and switch is to say it will create some jobs in ex-ports, but they are so arithmetically challenged, they don’t then subtract out the jobs that will be lost to im-ports. 
The fact is that time and again the 
proponents of our current trade policy have wildly misestimated the job effect of each action. For example, on this floor, we were told that the trade agreement with South Korea would re-duce our trade deficit. That deficit has skyrocketed. We were told that perma-nent most favored nation status for China would increase our trade deficit by only $1 billion. The proponents were off by 30,000 percent. 
Now, they don’t even say that we are 
going to get more jobs than we will lose; they simply say the jobs we lose don’t count because that involves sub-traction. The fact is that this is bad for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.089 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4239 June 11, 2015 
the American middle class, as has our 
policy over the years. 
Since NAFTA, we have hollowed out 
the middle class; we have hollowed out American manufacturing. Since NAFTA, we have had a stagnation of wages in this country. Now, as we begin to recover from the catastrophe of 2008, now, as there begins to be the possibility that employers are going to have to pay more in wages to compete for employees, we have a giant trade deal that guarantees that wages will decline or stagnate for another decade or longer. 
The economics are against the Trans- 
Pacific Partnership and the fast track that is designed to carry it, so there is a shift. The argument now is, well, it may be bad for our economy, but it is a great anti-China alliance, great geo-politics, disguised as a bad trade deal. 
I have been on the Foreign Affairs 
Committee for 19 years. I am the rank-ing member on the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee. I am here to tell you this deal is not only bad economic pol-icy; it is bad geopolitics as well. 
Let’s look at how China benefits 
from this deal. First and foremost, we are told that this deal is going to set the terms of trade in Asia. Then you go to the basement, and you look at this deal, and, as reported in the press, there is a statement that there will not be anything in this trade deal about currency manipulation. 
China, if this deal goes forward, wins 
without even having to sign it. China gets a new approach to world trade, which is currency manipulation, go to it, it will be applauded, it will not be counted; but China gets something even more. Go deeper into the base-ment and look at the rule of origin pro-visions. Now, what are these rules of origin provisions? 
You would think that under this 
deal, goods made in Vietnam, goods made in Japan, goods made in the other countries that are part of the deal come into our country duty free, that this deal benefits goods made in Japan, Vietnam, et cetera, but only to the countries that sign the deal. 
Then you get down to the details, and 
you see that goods that are 50 or 60 per-cent made outside the countries that are parties to this deal, goods that are 50 or 60 percent made in China, are eli-gible to be fast-tracked into the United States with no tariffs and no limits, and goods where the manufacturer ad-mits that it is 50 or 60 percent made in China may actually be 70 or 80 percent made in China. 
Goods that are chiefly Chinese-made 
get the benefit of this agreement, with China not even having to sign it. Our trade deficit will balloon not only from goods that are really made in Japan and really made in Vietnam—and those are the two countries added to the free trade regime by this agreement; we al-ready have free trade agreements with the others that are part of these Trans- Pacific Partnership; those are the two main countries—not only goods made in those countries, but goods that are 
just kind of polished in Vietnam, fin-ished in Japan, but made in China. 
We are told that this is part of some 
clever system to contain China when in reality, we established the inter-national principle, the currency manip-ulation, the number one tactic of China to run up the largest trade deficit in history. We have the largest trade def-icit; they have the largest trade sur-plus in history. That becomes the norm. 
Then second, goods chiefly made in 
China, finished in Japan, get duty free into the United States. 
But finally, think of what an insult 
it is to our men and women in uniform to be told that our allies in Asia are so disdainful of our help as they fight China over the islets that are in ques-tion, that we have to give away our jobs and enter into a bad trade deal just to have the honor of deploying our troops and our Navy to defend the is-lets claimed by Korea, Japan, and Viet-nam. 
You would think that the willingness 
of America to put its blood and treas-ure on the line to defend not only our allies, but even Vietnam, would be enough, not that we would be told that in order to have that honor, we have to enter into this trade agreement. 
Finally—and, Mr. Speaker, I will end 
with this, there is the issue of admit-ting Vietnam into this deal. We are told that the purpose of this deal, the upside, is that we get free access to Vietnam’s markets, free access to their markets. The only problem is Vietnam doesn’t have freedom and it does not have markets. 
This deal is great for Nike. They can 
manufacture shoes in Vietnam and pay 30–40 cents an hour. They can then add a few jobs in Oregon as they hire the marketing skill necessary to push off the shelves the last remnant of Amer-ican-made shoes. 
They can add some jobs in Oregon 
where they can find the tax lawyers to make sure that they don’t pay any U.S. taxes on the enormous profit that you can get by making a shoe for 40 cents an hour and selling it for $140. A few jobs, which will lead to pushing off the shelves all the American-made shoes. That is what we get on the import side. 
The jobs we get are tax lawyers mak-
ing sure that the importers don’t pay any taxes. By the way, it has already been revealed that Nike will save sev-eral hundred million dollars in taxes on this, chiefly tariffs. 
What access do we get for our export-
ers? Well, right now, Vietnam does have some tariffs. The tariffs go to the government. The entity paying the tar-iff is whoever is doing the exporting. Those importers are all owned and con-trolled—or at least controlled—by the government. 
Right now, if Vietnam imports any-
thing from the United States, the Viet-namese Government pays itself a tariff. If this deal goes forward, that tariff will be lower, so they will pay them-selves less. Paying themselves money 
is an irrelevancy. 
We don’t have access to the Viet-
namese market just because Viet-namese Government-controlled or Vi-etnamese Government-owned enter-prises will be paying a smaller tariff to the Vietnamese Government of which they are part to begin with. 
Tariffs are not the limit on what we 
export to Vietnam. Vietnam makes a political decision, a nationwide eco-nomic planning decision which prod-ucts to import to the United States. They are importing what they choose to import; they are not importing what they choose not to import, and they are going to keep doing it. 
To assume that just because lowering 
tariffs means you sell more goods in the United States, means lowering tar-iffs, means you sell more goods in Viet-nam, we are required to imagine that the Vietnamese economy, a communist economy, is just like ours. That is an absurd assumption. 
The Vietnamese centrally planned 
economy will or will not import from the United States whatever they choose to. Their published tariffs are an irrelevancy. Their promise to change those tariffs is a promise to change an irrelevancy. We are a nation of free markets. When we change our public tariffs, that opens up our mar-kets to all the tennis shoes that can be made for 40 cents an hour. 
This is a terrible deal for the Amer-
ican people. It is part of a continued policy of what they call free trade. What America needs is fair trade. What America needs is to say that those who want access to the U.S. market must be willing to buy U.S. goods and serv-ices. What America needs is an under-standing that we need results-oriented trade agreements. 
We are in the deepest hole ever. We 
are the largest debtor nation in the world. We have the largest trade deficit in the world. We would expect that the dollar will crash not this decade, but next decade. The first thing you do when you are in a hole that deep is to stop digging. 
The first step is to stop this fast 
track. Then the next step is to deploy our trade negotiators with the power to say—the issue isn’t whether we are going to lower our tariffs; we are a sov-ereign nation; we can increase our tar-iffs—if you want access to the U.S. market, everything is on the table, and a fair, balanced trade result is the re-quirement, if you want access to the one thing that the entire world wants, and that is access to the U.S. market. 
I see no one seeking time, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C LAWSON of Florida (at the re-
quest of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on 
account of a family emergency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JN7.090 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4240 June 11, 2015 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY 
MATERIAL 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , 
Washington, DC, June 11, 2015. 
REVISIONS TO THE ALLOCATIONS AND AGGRE -
GATES OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET RES -
OLUTION RELATED TO TRADE LEGISLATION  
Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
hereby submit for printing in the Congres-sional Record revisions to the budget alloca-
tions and aggregates of the Fiscal Year 2016 Concurrent Resolution on the Budget, S. Con. Res. 11, pursuant to section 4506 of such concurrent resolution. These revisions are designated for the following trade legisla-tion: H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, and H.R. 1314, the Trade Act of 2015. Cor-responding tables are attached. This revision represents an adjustment for 
purposes of budgetary enforcement. These revised allocations and aggregates are to be considered as the aggregates and allocations included in the budget resolution, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, as adjusted. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMPRICE, M.D., 
Chairman, House Budget Committee. 
TABLE 1—REVISION TO ON-BUDGET AGGREGATES 
BUDGET AGGREGATES 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
Fiscal year 
2016 2016–2025 
Current Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,039,215 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,091,442 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,676,733 32,237,371 
Adjustment for the amendment to the Senate amendment to HR 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 20 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 20 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. ¥9 ¥1 
Adjustment for HR 1314, the Trade Act of 2015 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 445 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 175 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. ¥42 ¥86 
Adjustment for the amendment to Senate amendment to HR 1295, the Trade Preference Extension Act of 2015 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 0 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 0 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. ¥724 ¥5,237 
Revised Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,039,680 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,091,637 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,675,958 32,232,047 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2017–2025 will not be considered until future sessions of Co ngress. 
TABLE 2—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS 
AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
House Committee on Ways and Means 2016 2016–2025 total 
Budget authority Outlays Budget authority Outlays 
Current Allocation: ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 962,805 962,080  13,224,077 13,222,960 
Adjustment for the amendment to the Senate amendment to HR 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 ....... .................................. 20 20 ¥4 ¥4 
Adjustment for HR 1314, the Trade Act of 2015 .................................................................................. .......................................................................................... 445 175 ¥174 ¥174 
Adjustment for the amendment to Senate amendment to HR 1295, the Trade Preference Extension Act of 2015 ........................ ............................................. 0 0 ¥5,940 ¥5,940 
Revised Allocation: ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 963,270 962,275  13,217,959 13,216,842 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 5 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, June 12, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1803. A letter from the Board Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Organization; Institution Stock-holder Voting Procedures (RIN: 3052-AC85) received June 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
1804. A letter from the Director, Issuances 
Staff, Office of Policy and Program Develop-ment, Food Safety and Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Descriptive Des-ignation for Needle- or Blade-Tenderized (Mechanically Tenderized) Beef Products [Docket No.: FSIS-2008-0017] (RIN: 0583-AD45) received June 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agri-culture. 1805. A letter from the Acting Assistant 
Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting the Fi-nancial Stability Oversight Council’s 2015 annual report, pursuant to Sec. 112(a)(2)(N) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1806. A letter from the Chief, Policy and 
Rules Division, Office of Engineering and Technology, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Parts 1, 2, 15, 25, 27, 74, 78, 80, 87, 90, 97, and 101 of the Commis-sion’s Rules Regarding Implementation of the Final Acts of the World Radiocommunication Conference (Geneva, 2007)(WRC-07), Other Allocation Issues, and 
Related Rule Updates [ET Docket No.: 12-338] (Proceeding Terminated) [ET Docket No.: 15- 99] [IB Docket No.: 06-123] received June 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1807. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Natural Gas Act Pipeline Maps [Docket No.: RM14-21-000; Order No.: 801] received June 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1808. A letter from the Assistant Director 
for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign As-sets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Cuban Assets Control Regulations; Ter-rorism List Governments Sanctions Regula-tions received June 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
1809. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Administrative Conference of the United States, transmitting the Conference’s FY 2014 annual report, pursuant to Sec. 203 of the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1810. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Semiannual Report to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, during the period from October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to Pub. L. 95-452, of the In-spector General Act of 1978; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1811. A letter from the Chair, Equal Em-
ployment Opportunity Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s Semiannual Re-port to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, and the Semiannual Management Report for the period ending March 31, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of Pub. L. 95-452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
1812. A letter from the Director, Federal 
Housing Finance Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Semiannual Report to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, for the pe-riod ending March 31, 2015, pursuant to Pub. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.042 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4241 June 11, 2015 
L. 95-452, of the Inspector General Act of 
1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1813. A letter from the Administrator, 
Small Business Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s Semiannual Re-port to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, for the period of October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to Pub. L. 95-452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
1814. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; Annual Specifications and Management Measures for the 2015 Tribal and Non-Tribal Fisheries for Pacific Whiting [Docket No.: 14129999-5432-02] (RIN: 0648-BE74) received June 10, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
1815. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Atlantic Highly Migra-tory Species; North and South Atlantic 2015 Commercial Swordfish Quotas [Docket No.: 150116050-5375-02] (RIN: 0648-XD726) received June 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1816. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Greenland Turbot in the Aleutian Islands Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648- XD920) received June 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
1817. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statis-tical Area 630 in the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 140918791-4999-02] (RIN: 0648-XD908) re-ceived June 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1818. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Commercial Blacktip Sharks, Ag-gregated Large Coastal Sharks, and Ham-merhead Sharks in the Gulf of Mexico Re-gion [Docket No.: 140429387-4971-02] (RIN: 0648-XD911) received June 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1819. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Gray Triggerfish [Docket No.: 120815345-3525-02] (RIN: 0648- XD901) received June 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
1820. A letter from the Controller, National 
Society Daughters of the American Revolu-tion, transmitting the National Society Daughters of the American Revolution’s Au-dited Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, pursuant to 
36 U.S.C. 1102, Pub. L. 88-504; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 160. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices; with an amendment (Rept. 114–147). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 1615. A bill to direct the Chief FOIA Officer of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in the implementation of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–148). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 1637. A bill to require annual re-ports on the activities and accomplishments of federally funded research and development centers within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 149). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, 
Ms. B ASS, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, and Mr. R ICHMOND ): 
H.R. 2728. A bill to reauthorize and improve 
the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention Act of 1974, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania (for himself and Mr. M
EE-
HAN): 
H.R. 2729. A bill to authorize appropria-
tions to the Secretary of Commerce to estab-lish public-private partnerships under the Market Development Cooperator Program of the International Trade Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
By Mr. BUTTERFIELD (for himself, 
Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. 
JONES ): 
H.R. 2730. A bill to establish the National 
Prostate Cancer Council for improved screening, early detection, assessment, and monitoring of prostate cancer, and to direct the development and implementation of a national strategic plan to expedite advance-ment of diagnostic tools and the transfer of such tools to patients; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mrs. 
B
EATTY , Mr. R USH, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, and Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 2731. A bill to amend section 487(a) of 
the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide increased accountability of nonprofit ath-letic associations and to establish a commis-
sion to identify and examine issues of na-tional concern related to the conduct of intercollegiate athletics, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Ms. 
E
STY, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Ms. 
DELAURO ): 
H.R. 2732. A bill to provide for a grant pro-
gram for handgun licensing programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. AMODEI (for himself and Mr. 
H
ARDY ): 
H.R. 2733. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to take land into trust for cer-tain Indian tribes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BARTON (for himself and Mr. 
R
USH): 
H.R. 2734. A bill to amend the Children’s 
Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 to ex-tend, enhance, and revise the provisions re-lating to collection, use, and disclosure of personal information of children, to estab-lish certain other protections for personal information of children and minors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself and Mr. 
W
ESTERMAN ): 
H.R. 2735. A bill to amend the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973 to require establishment of objective numerical recovery goals for re-
moval of species from lists of endangered species and threatened species under that Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. FATTAH (for himself and Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of California): 
H.R. 2736. A bill to provide for a Youth 
Mental Health Research Network; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. 
H
ECK of Nevada, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Mr. T AKAI, 
and Ms. S PEIER ): 
H.R. 2737. A bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino vet-erans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. 
D
ENHAM , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C ONYERS , 
and Ms. P INGREE ): 
H.R. 2738. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to encourage and facilitate ef-forts by States and other transportation rights-of-way managers to adopt integrated vegetation management practices, including enhancing plantings of native forbs and grasses that provide habitats and forage for Monarch butterflies, native bees, and other native pollinators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Mr. H
IG-
GINS, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. S MITH of 
New Jersey, Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
DENT, Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER ): 
H.R. 2739. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to require group and indi-vidual health insurance coverage and group health plans to provide for coverage of oral anticancer drugs on terms no less favorable than the coverage provided for anticancer medications administered by a health care provider; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11JN7.000 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4242 June 11, 2015 
By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself, Ms. L EE, 
Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. 
ENGEL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. L EVIN, 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
RUSH, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. S CHIFF , 
Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. K EATING , Ms. 
ESTY, Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. 
SPEIER , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. 
DELAURO , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. D ELBENE, 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
CROWLEY , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. B EATTY , 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
VAN HOLLEN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. B ERA, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Ms. D EGETTE , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. I SRAEL , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. 
DAVIS of California, Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. 
EDWARDS , Ms. S INEMA , Mrs. C AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. P AL-
LONE , Ms. M ENG, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
TONKO , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C LEAVER , 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. C AR-
SON of Indiana, Mr. H ECK of Wash-
ington, Mr. R UIZ, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. 
BASS, Mr. C LAY, Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. K USTER , 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
MOULTON , Mr. H IMES, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
PERLMUTTER , and Mr. F OSTER ): 
H.R. 2740. A bill to prohibit the application 
of certain restrictive eligibility require-ments to foreign nongovernmental organiza-tions with respect to the provision of assist-ance under part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 2741. A bill to provide a short-term 
disability insurance program for Federal em-ployees for disabilities that are not work-re-lated, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-
form. 
By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Ms. 
S
INEMA ): 
H.R. 2742. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to require that military work-ing dogs be retired in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 2743. A bill to reauthorize the Hydro-
graphic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself, 
Mr. S
ABLAN , and Mr. G UINTA ): H.R. 2744. A bill to reauthorize the Inte-
grated Coastal and Ocean Observation Sys-tem Act of 2009, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. 
W
EBER of Texas, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS 
of Illinois, Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, 
Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. R USH, Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. F UDGE , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
RICHMOND , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Mr. H OYER , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. R OGERS  
of Alabama, Mr. N EAL, Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. H AHN, Mr. E LLISON , 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. L EVIN, Ms. K APTUR , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. 
LOFGREN , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. M OORE , 
Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. C UELLAR , Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V ELA, Mr. 
GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. O’R OURKE , 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. G ALLEGO , 
Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas): 
H. Res. 309. A resolution recognizing June 
19, 2015, as this year’s observance of the his-torical significance of Juneteenth Independ-ence Day; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 2728. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania: 
H.R. 2729. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion under the General Welfare Clause. 
By Mr. BUTTERFIELD: 
H.R. 2730. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. DENT: 
H.R. 2731. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: 
H.R. 2732. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacated pursuant to Clause 1 
and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. AMODEI: 
H.R. 2733. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (re-lating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mr. BARTON: 
H.R. 2734. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. CONAWAY: 
H.R. 2735. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers 
granted to Congress under Article I, section 8, clause 3, that grants Congress the power to regulate commerce among the several states. 
By Mr. FATTAH: 
H.R. 2736. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I Section 8 Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, which states the United States Congress shall have power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’. 
By Ms. GABBARD: 
H.R. 2737. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.R. 2738. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. LANCE: 
H.R. 2739. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This states that, ‘‘Congress shall have 
power to . . . lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 2740. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 2741. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 2742. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section VIII of the United States 
Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11JN7.100 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4243 June 11, 2015 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 2743. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3, the Com-
merce Clause 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 2744. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, §8, clause 3, the Commerce 
Clause 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. D OLD, Mr. T URNER , 
Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. P OCAN , and 
Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 21: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 207: Mr. J EFFRIES and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK . 
H.R. 320: Mr. C HAFFETZ . 
H.R. 465: Mr. R IGELL , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 472: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 511: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 539: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Ms. E STY, Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 563: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 592: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. R IBBLE , and Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 628: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 662: Mr. F LEISCHMANN and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 680: Mr. C LAY. 
H.R. 690: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 692: Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
BARTON , and Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 702: Mr. C RAWFORD and Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 711: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 766: Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 823: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 825: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 845: Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 850: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 879: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 881: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 918: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 921: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 923: Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 952: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 985: Mr. D IAZ-BALART and Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 986: Mr. T URNER and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 999: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1192: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1202: Ms. B ORDALLO and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 1209: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. 
DINGELL , Mr. F ARR, and Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 1247: Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 1301: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 1310: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1312: Mr. L UCAS , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Ms. P INGREE , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, and Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 1321: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and 
Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 1344: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 1388: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 1411: Ms. C LARKE of New York and Mr. 
DEFAZIO. 
H.R. 1413: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and 
Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 1462: Ms. C LARKE of New York and Mr. 
ROEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 1490: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 1500: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1528: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1545: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1553: Mr. C ARNEY , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. F LORES , Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. 
DESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 1624: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , 
and Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 1632: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 1650: Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 1670: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1683: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. T OM 
PRICE of Georgia, and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 1684: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
COFFMAN . 
H.R. 1692: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1742: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1767: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1768: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania and 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 1832: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1854: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. P ASCRELL , 
and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1919: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1941: Mr. K LINE and Ms. G RAHAM . 
H.R. 1942: Mr. L YNCH , Ms. W ILSON of Flor-
ida, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. B ASS, and 
Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1950: Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, and Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 1974: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 1977: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 2017: Mr. B ARTON , Mr. W ESTERMAN , 
Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. B ARR, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, Mr. C OLLINS of Geor-
gia, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, 
and Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 2043: Mr. T EDLIEUof California and 
Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 2050: Ms. D ELBENEand Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 2076: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 2128: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 2132: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2193: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2216: Mr. P OCAN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. S CHIFF , and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2218: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 2233: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2236: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2295: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 2296: Mr. P ETERS , Ms. W ILSON of Flor-
ida, and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2300: Mr. H UDSON and Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 2311: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 2342: Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 2397: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 2403: Mr. S HUSTER and Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2404: Ms. M OORE , Mr. S TIVERS , and 
Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 2406: Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 2450: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2494: Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 2518: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2523: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
FORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 2530: Mr. M CGOVERN and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 2545: Mrs. L OWEY and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2555: Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 2571: Mr. R USH, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. M CDERMOTT , and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 2590: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2627: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. H INOJOSA , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 2647: Mr. L AMALFA and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 2650: Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 2675: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2689: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2692: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2694: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. F ARR, and 
Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 2716: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Mr. 
PITTENGER . 
H. Con. Res. 49: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H. Con. Res. 56: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
GIBSON , Mr. D ENT, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
Mr. H ARPER , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. 
POSEY , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. 
PITTENGER . 
H. Res. 12: Ms. D ELAURO and Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama and Mr. 
BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. 
H. Res. 54: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico. 
H. Res. 210: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. E MMER of 
Minnesota. 
H. Res. 214: Ms. K USTER , Ms. S EWELL of 
Alabama, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. M OORE , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, and Mr. N OLAN . 
H. Res. 232: Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 294: Mr. H ONDA . 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
12. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
the Miami-Dade County Board of County Commissioners, relative to Resolution No. R- 455-15, urging Congress to enact House Joint Resolution 47, or similar legislation, sup-porting the establishment of a Presidential Youth Council; and urging President Obama’s administration to establish a Presi-dential Youth Council; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
f 
AMENDMENTS 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-
posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 2685 
OFFERED BY: MR. JOHNSON OF GEORGIA  
AMENDMENT NO. 31: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title) insert the following: 
SEC. 2. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer a flash-bang grenade under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
H.R. 2685 
O
FFERED BY: MR. JOHNSON OF GEORGIA  
AMENDMENT NO. 32: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title) insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer a mine-resistant ambush protected vehicle under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN7.020 H11JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4063 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 2015 No. 93 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. O God, in this quiet moment, may a 
holy hush come over us, giving us a sense of our dependence on You. May our Senators not trust too much in their abilities to solve problems and meet challenges but continue to seek the eternal and transcendent resources You offer to people of faith. 
Lord, give our lawmakers humble 
and contrite hearts, that they may be channels of light and truth. Uphold them with Your everlasting and uplift-ing arms. May they persevere with in-tegrity so that they may be presented holy and unblameable in Your sight. Keep our Senators calm and filled with faith in spite of all they must face. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
ROUNDS ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. JAMES 
BILLINGTON 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, we 
have recently learned that Dr. James Billington, the Librarian of Congress, who has been with us for almost 30 years, will be retiring in January. He plans to spend more time with his wife 
of nearly 58 years, Marjorie. He wants to see more of his 4 children and 12 grandchildren. I am sure he would also like to catch up with his buddy who plays for the Grateful Dead or maybe just sit back with a box or two of the Mallomars he loves so much. 
But I don’t think Dr. Billington is 
ready to take his scholar’s cap off quite yet, because he is preparing to do a lit-tle writing, too, about folks who played an important role in the history of— what else—the Library that means so much to him. 
Dr. Billington has called the Library 
of Congress the ‘‘greatest collection of knowledge and copyrighted creativity in human history,’’ and I know how proud he is of the many initiatives he has undertaken to expand its reach and its relevance. 
I noted yesterday that we are un-
likely to come across many guys who can say they have been a Princeton valedictorian, a Harvard professor, an expert on the Kremlin, a veteran, and a Rhodes Scholar. But that is our Librar-ian of Congress. 
He speaks 7 languages, he has 42 hon-
orary doctorates, and I am hoping he will soon be able to start catching a full 8 hours of sleep every night. 
Dr. Billington has certainly earned 
it, and we wish him the very best in his retirement. 
f 
CYBER SECURITY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
a different matter, I think a lot of peo-ple were shocked to hear that the 
Obama administration was unable to prevent the information of 4 million Americans from being compromised by hackers. 
Officials in the White House now owe 
it to every American to let Congress help them get out of the past and up to speed with the cyber security realities of the 21st century. That is just what the measure we will soon consider would help do. It contains modern tools that cyber 
security experts tell us could help deter future attacks against both the public and the private sectors. The measure would also help get the word out faster about attacks as soon as they are detected, provide governments and businesses with knowledge they can use to erect stronger defenses, and help strike a critical balance between security and privacy in the process. The bill would do so, for instance, by mandating the creation of guidelines to limit the use, retention, and diffusion of consumers’ personal information. 
This is more than just a smart meas-
ure. It is a transparent one too. It has been carefully scrutinized by Senators from both parties. It has been endorsed overwhelmingly on a bipartisan basis by nearly every single Democrat and every single Republican on the Intel-ligence Committee, and it has been posted online and available for anyone to read for quite some time. 
The need for this smart, bipartisan, 
transparent measure couldn’t be clear-er. We shouldn’t wait for the adminis-tration to fumble away another 4 mil-lion Social Security numbers or per-sonal addresses before we help them get modernized and up to speed. 
That hasn’t stopped some Demo-
cratic leaders from thinking they should try to score some political points by taking down a bipartisan measure to combat cyber attacks. 
I hope they won’t do that. Most Americans would find it awfully 
cynical for Democratic leaders, in the wake of the administration’s inability to stop such a massive cyber attack, to vote against the very same cyber secu-rity legislation their own party vetted and overwhelmingly endorsed in com-mittee for the sake of scoring some kind of political point. 
We have a smart, transparent, bipar-
tisan, fully vetted measure before us that can help make our country safer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.000 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4064 June 11, 2015 
Senators in both parties have a chance 
to offer other amendments to the bill and amend it, too. 
My hope now is that we can work to-
gether to help pass a measure that is in support of the American people and backed by a broad coalition of sup-porters—everyone from the U.S. Cham-ber of Commerce to the U.S. Telecom Association. The sooner we do, the sooner we can conference it with two similar White House-backed bills that passed the House, and the sooner we can finally get a good cyber security law on the books to help protect Amer-icans. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
that brings me then to the larger de-bate the Senate is having this week. The bill the cyber measure has been of-fered to is the annual Defense author-ization Act. It is a related issue. It is about protecting our country. It makes sense to consider these issues together. 
Now, the Defense bill is another 
measure that should be sailing to pas-sage with strong bipartisan support. It does so almost every year. But Demo-cratic leaders now seem to have a dif-ferent idea. 
Here is a headline that just appeared 
in the Washington Post: ‘‘Democrats prepare for filibuster summer.’’ 
‘‘Democrats prepare for filibuster 
summer.’’ We can already feel Ameri-cans just tense up. They don’t even like the sound of it. Who would? 
Let me read just a few lines from 
that story: ‘‘After almost six months in the minority . . . Senate Democrats aren’t afraid to be obstructionists, de-tailing a strategy of blocking appro-priations bills and other Republican agenda items until they get what they want’’—‘‘until they get what they 
want.’’ 
‘‘Get ready for filibuster summer,’’ 
the Post warned, because despite open-ing themselves ‘‘to charges of hypoc-risy,’’ Democrats have ‘‘decided to block all spending bills starting with the defense appropriations measure.’’ 
Putting the obvious hypocrisy aside, 
one thing is clear: The party leaders opposite seem to think this is all just a game. 
Democratic leaders seem to think the 
pay raise for a soldier who gives every-thing to protect our country and who would give anything to provide for her kids isn’t something she has earned, but something she can gamble with in a high-stakes game of ‘‘Shutdown Rou-lette.’’ 
Democratic leaders don’t seem the 
least bit bothered by the dire national security implications of what they are doing. They have packed the car for their filibuster vacation, and they are ready to hit the road, whatever the consequences for our country. They are heading down this road at a time when ‘‘the United States has not faced a more diverse and complex array of cri-ses since the end of World War II.’’ Those are the words of Henry Kis-
singer. And he is right. From Beijing, Moscow, and the tribal areas of Paki-stan, to Ramadi and Tehran, we see un-rest and global threats that threaten American values and American inter-ests. 
And what do we see from Democratic 
leaders? A serious plan? 
We hear the President telling us he 
still doesn’t even have one when it comes to confronting one of our most serious challenges—ISIL. 
This is 8 months after he announced 
his intention to confront this threat. This is 8 months after I and others called on the President to provide us with a comprehensive plan to defeat this menace. And it is 8 months since I pledged that Congress would work with the administration to ensure our forces have the resources they need to carry out their missions. 
Republicans have kept up our end of 
the bargain, even if the President still doesn’t have a serious plan. 
The President asked us for $612 bil-
lion in his budget request to Congress. That is what he asked for. So we worked across the aisle to craft a bi-partisan Defense authorization bill at precisely that level. He asked. We de-livered. 
The House version of this bill already 
passed by a big bipartisan margin. The Senate version sailed out of the Armed Services Committee on a vote of 22 to 4. We were all set to pass the very type of bill President Obama indicated he wanted, but then Democratic leaders started listening to that little partisan pat on their shoulder: Why not take this opportunity to pump up that unre-lated government spending we like so much? Just threaten to filibuster pay raises for the troops until they shower more cash on the bureaucrats in Wash-ington. 
At a moment of grave and gathering 
threats, Democrats listened to that partisan voice—that partisan voice. 
At a time when our military families 
need all the support they can get, Democratic leaders reverted to par-tisan form and are now threatening to blow up a bipartisan bill. 
I would think this would be of some 
concern to commonsense Democrats. They have to be wondering if their leaders have totally lost it—com-pletely lost it—with this filibuster summer and holding our military hos-tage. 
We don’t have to look too far to see 
the important role the military plays in each of our communities. I men-tioned yesterday how important Fort Campbell is to Kentucky. Let me now tell my colleagues a little bit about Fort Knox. 
Fort Knox hosts the Army’s Human 
Resources Command. It is a hub for multiple major commands under the Training and Doctrine Command. Be-cause of its vast array of excellent training grounds and exceptional train-ing facilities, Fort Knox also recently began hosting thousands of cadets for extensive annual training under the 
Army Leader’s Training Course. Not only has Fort Knox been leading the Army in energy independence by devel-oping the capability to go off the grid entirely, but it also continues to make an exceptionally important contribu-tion locally, as well. 
Fort Knox’s economic impact on Har-
din County and the surrounding com-munities stands at over $2 billion a year. My constituents in Elizabeth-town and across the Commonwealth know how important Fort Knox is to our community and to our country. They also know that passing the bipar-tisan Defense bill before us would allow for a critical new medical facility to be built at Fort Knox. They don’t want to see Democratic leaders hold that med-ical facility hostage for unrelated par-tisan reasons. 
Kentuckians and Americans know 
that supporting our troops is never ever a waste of time. They know that ensuring the military has the tools it needs isn’t a game. Here is something else so many of our constituents know: What America needs right now is not a summer of filibusters but a season of serious bipartisan solutions. That is what the Defense bill before us rep-resents, and that is what this new Con-gress has been doing all year. We have gotten a lot done. There is a lot more we can do. And if rank-and-file Demo-crats reject their leader’s partisan games in favor of keeping up the bipar-tisan work that got us to this point in-stead—on a bill they joined Repub-licans to pass in committee 22 to 4— then that is just the kind of productive summer we can keep working toward. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. JAMES 
BILLINGTON 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I admire 
and appreciate very much my friend the Republican leader mentioning Dr. James Billington, a friend of mine. 
I had a wonderful conversation with 
Dr. Billington yesterday. I wrote him a nice letter talking about what we have done together over these past three decades. 
It seems only yesterday that I was 
chairman of the Legislative Branch Ap-propriations Subcommittee and a new Senator here. One of the first attacks we got from Republicans at that time was to whack the Library of Congress. They even went after the magazines that were produced in braille. I can re-member the debate we had about Play-boy magazine. I don’t know what they were trying to eliminate, but they tried. I don’t know what they could do with the braille in a Playboy magazine. But we were able to turn that back. 
I so appreciate this good man and 
what he has done. His academic record 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.001 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4065 June 11, 2015 
is terrific. As a person, he is the best. 
We have traveled parts of the world with him, together with Mark Hatfield, a Republican, who was one of the Re-publican leaders of the Senate, and I was a junior Senator at the time. We had a great trip. Prior to coming to the Library of Congress, Jim Billington was the acting leader of our country on the Soviet Union. He is a wonderful man, and I ask that my remarks indi-cate that I agree with every word the Republican leader said about Jim Billington. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, my friend 
the Republican leader threw around words such as ‘‘cynicism’’ and ‘‘hypoc-risy.’’ This speech my friend gave—I would suggest he walk into his office, his little bathroom in there, and look into that mirror because over that mir-ror he should be able to see the words ‘‘hypocrisy’’ and ‘‘cynicism’’ because the speech he gave was fervent with hypocrisy and cynicism. 
We have tried very hard since the 
first of the year to cooperate with the Republicans, and we have done it. On this bill which is before us now, the De-fense authorization bill—it is a bill I will talk about a little later in more detail—this is a piece of legislation which the President said before it left the committee was going to be vetoed. He not only said it, he put it in writ-ing. We cooperated. We allowed it to go on the floor without the normal fili-buster and the motion to proceed that I had to approach when I led the Sen-ate as the majority leader hundreds of times—hundreds of times. So we have cooperated. We haven’t filibustered getting on the bill, as I mentioned, and we have allowed amendments to get pending and get votes. That is some-thing the Republicans would not let us do when this bill came up the last 2 years. It is a major bill. 
The Republican leader said a couple 
years ago, and I quote, ‘‘The Defense authorization bill requires 4 or 5 weeks to debate.’’ That is what he said. 
So this work that he has done on this 
Defense authorization bill is just the height of hypocrisy and cynicism. He comes to the floor today and blames Barack Obama for the hacking that the Chinese did. He talks about what a great bill we have. He stuck on this bill the cyber security—for 5 years we tried to get up a cyber security bill. Every time we brought it up, it was stopped by the Republicans. Every time. I met in my office 5 years ago with five dif-ferent committee chairs, and they moved forward to try to get a bill out. Every step of the way, my Republican friends blocked us. So talk about cyni-cism, hypocrisy. 
On the Defense bill they talk about 
what a gift they gave to the President. They gave a gift to the President of $39 billion more deficit spending. That is more deficit spending on the overseas contingency fund. They refused to 
allow that on virtually everything else. 
My friend the chairman of the Armed 
Services Committee, in years past and, in fact, when this bill first came from the House, complained about this phony gimmick they were using, but now my friend, with whom I came to Congress 33 years ago, suddenly likes this bill. I don’t know how he can do the backflip he did to come to this rea-soning. 
There is no better example of the 
dysfunction created by the Republican leader and his party than what we have seen not in the last 5
1⁄2months, the last 
24 hours. Think about what he has done. We are on the Defense authoriza-tion bill that the President said out loud and in writing he is going to veto. Everyone knows that. Every Repub-lican knows that. But the Republican leader is hell-bent on moving forward with this cynical ploy to pass a bill that is destined to be vetoed. 
Yesterday, he even went further and 
intimated that Republicans love the defense of this country through our military and we don’t. At that time, I said, and I repeat, every one of my Democratic Senators is a patriot. They believe in this country, and they sup-port the military. So supporting the military isn’t a lock that the Repub-licans have. 
To make matters worse, the Repub-
lican leader is now using this bill which should be focused on funding our troops to pull these diverting, deceitful ploys on cyber security. On cyber secu-rity, with the Republican leader’s blessing, Senators B
URR and M CCAIN 
employed a rarely used device to get a cyber security amendment pending with no agreement, and then, before any action was taken, the Republican leader quickly filed cloture. 
When the Senate considered the 2012 
cyber security bill—and we tried so hard to get that out—Senator M
CCON-
NELL complained about cloture being 
filed too quickly, which I did because they wouldn’t let us move at all on the bill. 
In 2012, Senator M
CCONNELL said: 
The few days the bill was on the floor, the 
majority limited its consideration to debate only and then . . . filed cloture. But, of course, that is kind of par for the course around here. . . . The notion that we should just roll over and wave through these bills without having a chance to improve them and that Democratic Senators would be will-ing to be rolled in such a way is ridiculous, especially on a bill of this significance. 
Yet, here the Republican leader is 
doing just what he lambasted before. Now, that really is par for the course over these last 5 months. 
For 6 years, in three different Con-
gresses, virtually everything President Obama tried to do and we tried to do was filibustered. That is no secret. Hundreds of times—hundreds of times on motions to proceed, gobbling up 30 hours here, 2 days here. Hundreds of times. 
So now what we find is something 
that to me is even more troubling. There have been press reports today 
that Republicans on the House side are involved in a vote-buying scheme on the trade bill by promising never to re-authorize the Export-Import Bank. They are saying to these few Repub-licans: If you vote to allow us to go for-ward with this trade bill, we won’t do anything on the Export-Import Bank. What a shame. 
Let me get this straight. Republicans 
want to pass a trade bill that hurts American workers, and in order to buy votes to make that happen, they are going to kill 165,000 more jobs by let-ting Ex-Im Bank lapse. The number of Americans working today because of the Bank, as we speak today, is 165,000. 
Another part of this cynical ploy un-
folded here on the Senate floor. The Republican leader, who is intent on let-ting the Export-Import Bank lapse, al-lowed a token vote on the measure to try to appease the Bank’s supporters. The Republican leader immediately walks out in the last 24 hours and files an amendment on Ex-Im Bank and within hours files a motion to table the amendment. Wow. 
So we should not be easily fooled, 
and we are not. If the Bank expires, there is no telling how long it will take to renew it—if, in fact, it ever happens. None should be fooled by these sham votes. If we want to preserve the Bank, we should vote to extend it before it expires on June 30 this year—in a cou-ple weeks. 
I am amazed it is even an issue. It 
wasn’t that long ago that Republicans believed that this Bank was good for America. Republican Presidents be-lieved in it—Reagan, Bush, and Bush. 
I remember when the Republican 
leader was in favor of the Bank. In 1997, the Senator from Kentucky cospon-sored legislation reauthorizing the Bank’s charter. With Senator M
CCON-
NELL ’s help, the Senate passed that bill 
unanimously. That is the way we used to do it because it was so good for America. Again, 4 years later, the Re-publican leader signed on to a letter encouraging George W. Bush to extend the Bank’s charter, which, of course, he did. At that time, he and 29 other Republican Senators argued that al-lowing the Bank to lapse would be dev-astating to the economy and in par-ticular our trade deficit. Now the sen-ior Senator from Kentucky has turned a legislative backflip and today wants the Bank to disappear. Talk about hy-pocrisy. Talk about cynicism. Wow. As he continues to remind everyone, he sets the schedule around here. Yet, he cannot be bothered to schedule a vote on the Export-Import Bank before it lapses. 
So what changed? Here is what 
changed. The Republican leader is not the only Republican performing a breathtaking about-face on this issue. The chairman of the banking com-mittee supported the Export-Import Bank as recently as a year or two ago. In fact, the senior Senator from Ala-bama supported a 4-year renewal. If the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.003 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4066 June 11, 2015 
Senator from Alabama had gotten his 
way, the Bank would still have a year left before the charter expired. But now the senior Senator from Alabama, speaking on the Bank’s reauthoriza-tion, said, ‘‘I believe at the end of the day if it expires, we won’t miss it.’’ Tell that to 165,000 people who will lose their jobs. Just last night, the banking committee chairman tried to table an amendment reauthorizing the Export- Import Bank. That motion failed over-whelmingly and displayed that the Bank has a lot of support for reauthor-ization. 
I don’t mean to point a finger at just 
the Republican leader and the banking committee chairman. Many other Sen-ate Republicans have flipped on this also and so quickly that I am sure their heads are spinning even as we speak. 
To understand the Republican change 
of position, one need only look—where do we look? What do the Koch brothers want us to do? What do the Koch broth-ers want us to do? These Koch brothers are their billionaire benefactors. Charles and David Koch adamantly op-pose the Export-Import Bank today but not yesterday. They were not always against the Bank. 
Just like most other businesses in 
America, Koch Industries is always looking for new markets for its goods. They should. That means the Koch brothers are all for exports. How could they not be? After all, the Koch broth-ers got into business by selling services to Joseph Stalin. That is where they got started—Joseph Stalin and his bru-tal Communist Soviet Union. 
More recently, Koch Industries and 
its subsidiaries have used the Export- Import Bank to find an international marketplace for their goods. The Hill newspaper reports that Koch compa-nies Georgia-Pacific, John Zink, Molex, and Koch Heat Transfer, among others, received over $16 million in loans from the Bank. That is what the Bank is intended for. That $16 million is to help sustain American jobs. 
But it is stunningly hypocritical that 
the same Koch brothers are using the Bank for loans they could literally write a check for and that they are at-tacking as a corporate giveaway. This reminds me of the time the Kochs at-tacked ObamaCare as collectivism. They probably know a little bit about it. That is where their business started. The Kochs attacked ObamaCare as col-lectivism, while collecting health sub-sidies through the Affordable Care Act. Talk about cynicism. Talk about hy-pocrisy. 
Now, after benefiting from the Ex-
port-Import Bank, the Koch brothers figure we have it all. Why should we try to help anybody else? We are multi-billionaires. That is an understate-ment. They are labeling it ‘‘corporate welfare’’ and ‘‘a handout’’ for big busi-ness. I wonder if Charles and David got whiplash from their extreme turn-around. The Kochs’ main political arm, Americans for Prosperity, is now lead-ing an all-out assault on the Bank. It is 
going to great lengths to pressure Re-publicans to let the Bank’s charter lapse. 
It is one thing for a couple of oil 
baron billionaires to oppose a program for their own financial purposes; it is an entirely different thing for gov-erning Republicans in Congress to do their bidding. But obviously that is what is happening. Why else the turn-around? Republicans in Congress were for the Export-Import Bank until the Kochs were against it. Now Repub-licans are running for cover, waiting to find a way that they can try to ration-alize not being for it, when they were for it before. 
One conservative news outlet run by 
the Heritage Foundation went so far as to report that Republican Presidential hopefuls have to reject the Export-Im-port Bank if they want the Koch’s en-dorsement and financial backing. You cannot make up stuff better than this. The Daily Signal, for example, reports, ‘‘An endorsement would likely turn on a candidate’s approach to one or more issues of importance to the Koch broth-ers, beginning with their opposition to the Federal Export-Import Bank.’’ 
It would be tragic if the Export-Im-
port Bank was not reauthorized be-cause Republicans with White House ambitions or Senators who are afraid they are going to get a primary here in the Senate are more interested in audi-tioning for the Koch brothers, as Presi-dential candidates are and Republican leaders in Congress do. They go meet with them a couple times a year to make sure they bow when they are sup-posed to and don’t crowd and make sure they are called upon when they are asked to. 
The Republican leader and his col-
leagues have completely altered their position on a program that supports 165,000 American jobs, jobs here right in our country, many in their own States. Every State in the Union bene-fits. Republicans have changed their opinion on a bank that has returned $7 billion to the Treasury, our Treasury. It is a flip that would make a trapeze artist cringe. 
I say to my Republican friends: Just 
because the Koch brothers tell you to jump, do you have to say: Well, how high do you want me to jump? We do not have much time. The Export-Im-port Bank charter expires at the end of this month. Last night’s vote proves there is support in this Chamber to re-authorize this Bank. Sixty-five Sen-ators voted in support of it last night. So I urge Senate Republicans to put aside their nonsensical backtracking on a program they themselves admit-ted was a job creator and understand where the real cynicism and hypocrisy lies in this Chamber. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Utah. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, last 
month, the Senate passed the Bipar-tisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015, which renews trade promotion authority or TPA. Years of hard work and com-promise enabled us to pass this bill with strong bipartisan support in the Senate. Now with the Senate having al-ready acted, all of our eyes are turned to the House of Representatives, where I know the Speaker and the Republican leadership, not to mention the chair-man of the House Ways and Means Committee, who is the coauthor of the bill, are working to move this impor-tant bill forward. 
I want to take some time to address 
some of the concerns I have heard from our House colleagues and others about this bill and the concept of TPA, in general. For example, I know some have claimed that TPA cedes too much congressional authority to the execu-tive branch. This is a particularly trou-blesome proposition for some of my Re-publican House colleagues who might be wary of granting new powers to the current occupant of the White House. 
Now, let me be clear. I have spent as 
much time as anyone in Congress criti-cizing President Obama’s Executive overreach. I have come to the floor nu-merous times to catalog all the ways the current administration has over-stepped its authority on issues ranging from health care to immigration, to labor policy. In fact, I was here just yesterday talking about efforts on the part of the administration to unilater-ally undermine welfare reform. 
So when people say they are worried 
about legislation that would take power from Congress and give it to this President, believe me, I understand. I would worry about that, too, but that is not what our TPA legislation does. Simply put, TPA is a compact between the House, the Senate, and the admin-istration. 
With TPA in place, the administra-
tion agrees to pursue negotiating ob-jectives established by Congress and is required to consult with Congress on a regular basis during the whole negoti-ating process. In return, the House and Senate agree to vote on any trade agreement that meets those require-ments under a specified timeline with-out amendments. The President does not have any new powers under this compact and Congress does not give up any powers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.004 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4067 June 11, 2015 
In fact, the primary purpose of TPA 
is to enhance Congress’s role in the ne-gotiating process. That is right. De-spite some claims that TPA is an abro-gation of congressional power, the op-posite is actually true. Without TPA, the Members of Congress and their con-stituents have no strong voice on es-tablishing our trade priorities. With TPA, Congress can define trade negoti-ating objectives and priorities. 
Without TPA, the administration is 
under no formal obligation to provide Congress with meaningful information on the status of ongoing trade negotia-tions. With TPA, Congress can require the administration to provide frequent updates and consultations. For exam-ple, the Senate-passed TPA bill will en-sure that any Member of Congress who wants access to the negotiating text, at any time during the negotiations, will get that access. 
In addition, Members of Congress 
will, once again at any time, be able to request and receive a briefing from the USTR, the U.S. Trade Representative, on the current status of ongoing trade negotiations. In other words, TPA gives Congress a much stronger say in the substance of our country’s trade negotiations and provides mechanisms to hold the administration far more ac-countable. 
Right now, the Obama administra-
tion is negotiating trade agreements with only ad hoc and informal direc-tion from Congress. That will change once Congress renews TPA. Still, I know there are some who believe that by agreeing not to allow amendments or filibusters of trade agreements, Con-gress is giving up most of its power to influence trade agreements on the back end once an agreement is actually signed. 
Again, let me be clear. Under TPA, 
Congress at all times—all times—main-tains the ultimate authority over a trade agreement, the power to reject it entirely. TPA does not guarantee the passage of any trade agreement now or in the future, nor does it, as some have argued, reduce votes in Congress to a ‘‘rubberstamp’’ for the administration. 
This is important, as there has been 
some confusion on this point. With the coming vote on TPA, the House of Rep-resentatives is not voting to approve any individual trade agreement. I know pundits and talking heads in the media have tried to conflate passage of TPA with Congress’s approval of the Trans- Pacific Partnership, but in reality these are separate and distinct propo-sitions. 
Case in point: Over the last couple of 
years, I have been the most outspoken advocate in Congress in favor of renew-ing TPA. However, throughout that time, I have made it abundantly clear that my support for TPA does not guarantee any support for the Trans- Pacific Partnership. Indeed, I am fully prepared to vote against the TPP if the administration falls short on reaching high-priority negotiating objectives. Many on this side of the aisle and on the other side of the aisle have in-
formed them of some of these high-pri-ority negotiating objectives. 
But even if maintaining the power to 
accept or reject the trade agreement is not enough, the Senate-passed TPA bill contains procedures, including an all- new procedure that will enable Con-gress to strip procedural protections from any trade agreement if it deter-mines there was inadequate consulta-tion or that the negotiating objectives have not been met. 
Additionally, under the bill, both the 
House and the Senate maintain their constitutional prerogative to change their respective rules to override TPA. So as you can see, the Congress has not given up any of its powers under TPA. In addition to preserving and enhanc-ing Congress’s role in trade policy, the Senate-passed TPA bill contains a number of provisions that actually constrain the administration as it ne-gotiates and implements new trade agreements. 
For example, the bill ensures that 
implementing bills to trade agree-ments will include—and I am quoting the text of the bill here—‘‘only such provisions as are strictly necessary or appropriate to implement’’ trade agreements. Additionally, the bill makes clear that any commitments made by the administration that are not disclosed to Congress before an im-plementing bill for an agreement is in-troduced will not be considered as part of the agreement and will have no force of law. 
Furthermore, the bill also ensures 
that trade agreements cannot be used to undermine U.S. sovereignty, another concern I have heard about TPA and one I wanted to make sure we were pro-tecting against. The bill accomplishes this goal in four important ways; first, it makes clear that any provision of the trade agreement that is incon-sistent with Federal or State law will have no effect; second, the bill states specifically that Federal and State laws will prevail in the event of a con-flict with the trade agreement; third, it affirms that no trade agreement can prevent Congress or the States from changing their laws in the future; fourth, it confirms that the adminis-tration cannot unilaterally change U.S. law. 
All of these provisions have been 
drafted with an eye toward maintain-ing the separation of powers and ensur-ing that no administration can use trade agreements to unilaterally write U.S. laws or policy. Now, we have all heard claims that the President in-tends to use trade agreements to change our immigration laws or enact strict climate change standards. TPA ensures that throughout the process of negotiating, finalizing, and approving a trade agreement, Congress stays in the driver’s seat. 
Finally, I want to address the con-
cerns I have heard about the supposed secrecy surrounding the TPP agree-ment. Some of our House colleagues, as well as a number of people in the 
media, have decried the fact that de-tails of the TPP, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, have not yet been made public. They have also argued that by 
renewing the TPA before the details of the deal are disclosed, Congress would be enabling further secrecy. Again, this reflects a simple misunderstanding of simple negotiation tactics. 
The TPP is still being negotiated. As 
with any high-stakes negotiation, some level of confidentiality is a must if we are going to get the best deal possible with 11 other countries at the table. 
In all sensitive negotiations, there is 
a time for disclosure and a time to hold your cards close to your chest. So I recognize that with trade negotiations, our government is negotiating on be-half of the American people. We need to ensure that the maximum amount of transparency is possible. 
Fortunately, the Senate-passed TPA 
bill strikes an appropriate balance to deal with these issues, providing un-precedented levels of transparency and oversight into the trade-negotiating process. Under our bill, the full text of a completed trade agreement must be made public at least 60 days before the President can even sign it—be made public at least 60 days before the Presi-dent can even sign it. Talk about transparency—this is an all-new re-quirement, giving the American people new and unprecedented access and knowledge of all trade agreements well before they are even submitted to the Congress for approval. 
After that 60-day period has expired 
and the President signs an agreement, he must submit to Congress the legal text of the trade agreement and a Statement of Administrative Action at least 30 days before formally submit-ting an implementing the bill. As I noted earlier, the bill includes all-new requirements giving Members of Con-gress access to text and information throughout the negotiating process. 
Any Member of the House of Rep-
resentatives that supports free trade who is concerned about the secrecy of current negotiations should be the first in line to support the Senate-passed TPA bill. Once again, any supporters of expanded U.S. exports who are also wary of executive overreach should be trumpeting their support for our bill. 
The Senate TPA bill enhances 
Congress’s role in trade negotiations. The Senate TPA bill maintains Congress’s power to accept or reject any future trade agreement. The Sen-ate TPA bill prevents the President from pursuing unilateral changes to U.S. law or policy. And the Senate TPA bill provides unprecedented levels of transparency and oversight into these trade agreements or into any trade agreements that may come forward, in-cluding TPP. 
I am sure that some of the cynics out 
there have one more question: If TPA imposes all of these requirements and restrictions on the administration, why does the President want it so badly? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.006 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4068 June 11, 2015 
The answer to that question is sim-
ple. TPA is necessary in order for our negotiators to get a good deal. We know this is the case. Without TPA in place, our negotiating partners have no guarantees that the deal they sign will be one Congress will consider. 
Without those guarantees, they are 
less likely to put their best offers on the table because they will have no as-surance that our country can deliver on the deal or any deal they enter into with us. Make no mistake, we need to get good deals at the negotiating table. 
More than 95 percent of the world’s 
consumers live outside of our country, the United States. If our farmers, man-ufacturers, and entrepreneurs are going to compete on the world stage, they need access to these customers. 
History has shown that high-stand-
ard free-trade agreements expand mar-ket access for U.S. exporters and re-duce our trade deficits. Most impor-tantly, they grow our economy, create good, high-paying jobs for workers here at home, and improve living standards for our citizens and for our trading partners. If the United States is going to advance its values and interests in the international marketplace, we need to be writing the rules and setting the standards. We cannot do that if we are sitting on the sidelines. 
This is an important bill. I was very 
pleased to see it pass the Senate with bipartisan support. 
I hope that in the coming days, we 
will see a similar result in the House of Representatives. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
f 
KING V. BURWELL 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, we 
expect a ruling this month in the Su-preme Court case of King v. Burwell, which will have such an impact on fam-ilies all across America and on the af-fordability and availability of health insurance for them and for their fami-lies. This is an incredibly important issue. 
As someone who was there in the 
Senate Finance Committee at virtually every meeting—and who helped write the tax credit section of the bill—I wish to remind my colleagues of what is at stake in this decision. 
During the Finance Committee 
markups, I worked very hard to make sure the affordability tax credits, which provide tax cuts for millions of Americans, were meaningful in helping people buy health insurance through the marketplaces. It took a lot of work to get those tax credits written into the Affordable Care Act. In fact, as my colleagues know, certainly on this side of the aisle, I would go to every meet-ing with charts and graphs, looking at what people would have to pay under various levels of tax cuts and how to make sure it was affordable. The great news is that the majority of Americans today are able to purchase affordable health insurance for less than $100 a 
month, and that was a lot of work to get done. That is really what is at stake right now. 
Now, I know there are people who 
don’t like the law that was written, but the legal argument being presented in the Supreme Court right now makes absolutely no sense. Folks on the Re-publican side of the aisle are asking the Supreme Court to raise the taxes of some 6.4 million Americans. We are talking about $1.7 billion in tax in-creases going to all these States in the red, including my own. 
We have Members of the Senate 
cheering on a court that could rule that there would be a $1.7 billion tax increase on their own constituents. Don’t count me in as one of those who are cheering that on. I don’t under-stand it. 
These Members of Congress are effec-
tively saying that people in Massachu-setts, where there is a State exchange, can have a tax cut and the affordable coverage that comes with it, but people in Oklahoma can’t have a tax cut. They are suggesting it is fine for people who live in the District of Columbia to get tax cuts to help pay for their insur-ance, but people in Louisiana cannot or that people in New York can have tax cuts to help pay for their insurance, but people in Texas cannot. 
Now, to drive this point home, I wish 
to take a moment to look at how many people in each State are at risk of a tax increase based on the Supreme Court ruling, because this is very important to literally millions and millions of Americans. 
In Alabama the Supreme Court could 
raise taxes through their decision on 132,253 people. Over 132,000 people will find out this month whether they get a tax increase as a result of the Supreme Court decision. 
In Alaska, we see the possibility of 
16,583 people in the Last Frontier State who would see an average of $536 more in taxes as a result of the possible deci-sion being urged on by Republicans in the House and Senate. 
In Arizona, the Grand Canyon State, 
over 126,000 people—Americans—would see a tax increase. There would be $20 million total in tax increases in Ari-zona, depending on how the Supreme Court rules. 
Let’s go on to what is called the Nat-
ural State, Arkansas, where 48,100 peo-ple will see an average increase of $284 as a result of the Supreme Court deci-sion if they rule against what we know was done correctly in terms of writing the Affordable Care Act. 
Let’s go on and look at Delaware, the 
First State, where 19,128 people would see their taxes go up—a tax increase in Delaware, depending on what the Su-preme Court does later this month. 
In Florida, the Sunshine State, it is 
over 1.3 million people—1,324,516 peo-ple—and we are looking at almost $390 million in tax increases that would be coming from the State of Florida if the Supreme Court sides with Republicans and makes that decision that will in-
crease people’s taxes. 
In Georgia, the Peach State, 412,385 
Georgians will see a tax increase as a result of the Supreme Court if the Su-preme Court does what the Republicans want to have done. 
In Illinois, 232,371 people living in Il-
linois, next to Michigan, our great friends in Illinois—almost $50 million in tax increases in Illinois will happen beginning at the end of this month if the Supreme Court rules the way Re-publicans want them to rule. 
In Indiana, also next to the great 
State of Michigan, 159,802 people living in Indiana, Hoosiers, will see their taxes go up if the Supreme Court rules against providing tax cuts. 
In Iowa, the Hawkeye State, 34,172 
Iowans will see their taxes go up. These are families. These are working fami-lies. These are families working hard, with one job, maybe two jobs, maybe three jobs. There probably are folks who are certainly included in this who lost the equity in their homes after what happened with the great recession and are trying to dig themselves out of the hole and are celebrating the fact that they can go to bed at night not having to worry if the kids get sick, if they can take them to the doctor. Most of them are able to buy health insur-ance for less than $100 a month because of the tax cuts we passed in the Afford-able Care Act. 
In Kansas, the Sunflower State, 69,979 
people—almost 70,000 people in Kan-sas—will see their taxes go up if the Supreme Court sides with the Repub-lican position on the Affordable Care Act. 
In Louisiana, the Pelican State, 
137,940 people who live in Louisiana— almost $45 million would come out of this State in tax increases if the Su-preme Court sides with the Republican position regarding the Affordable Care Act. 
In Maine there are 60,939 people who 
represent families—people who have families, who have children, spouses— who are now able to afford insurance, most of them for under $100 a month, maybe for the first time ever because of the tax cuts, tax credits that are translated into tax cuts for people in the Affordable Care Act. 
This one means the most to me, of 
course, and that is my home State of Michigan. There is no way, by the way, I would have ever voted to do this. The idea that we voted for something that would make all of this happen is pretty crazy. Obviously, that was not legisla-tive intent. But in Michigan, 228,388 people in my State, men and women and their children, will, in fact, see a tax increase if the Supreme Court rules with the Republican position at the end of this month. 
Missouri, the Show Me State: Well, I 
will tell you what they don’t want to show are more tax increases—197,663 people in Missouri, and we are talking about $55 million coming out of the State of Missouri. These are families 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.007 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4069 June 11, 2015 
who will pay more and, in many cases, 
not be able to afford health care any-more for their families. So they are going to pay more, and they are not going to have health care. 
Mississippi, the Magnolia State: 
There are 75,613 people. That State will see over $26 million in total tax in-creases. 
Montana, the Treasure State: 41,766 
people in Montana. It is close to $10 million in total that will come out of Montana, from Montana families, in tax increases, if the Supreme Court sides with the Republican position in the House and the Senate and raises people’s taxes. 
Nebraska: 56,910 Nebraskans will see 
their taxes go up an average of $257 each—almost $15 million in total com-ing from Nebraska. 
New Hampshire: The Supreme Court 
decision could raise taxes on almost 30,000 people—29,996 people—in New Hampshire who have health insurance now, most for under $100 a month. They will probably lose their health care and the bonus is they will get a tax in-crease that will, in total, be almost $8 million. 
New Jersey, the Garden State: 172,345 
people in New Jersey are all looking at about $54 million in tax increases—this is New Jersey alone—who will get less health care and more taxes. 
North Carolina, the Tar Heel State: 
458,738 people. That is a lot of people in North Carolina—458,738 people—who today have the peace of mind of know-ing if they get sick, they can go to a doctor, take their children to the doc-tor, they can prevent themselves from getting sick by having preventive care and cancer screenings and all those things we want for ourselves and our families. They will see their taxes go up if the Supreme Court sides with the Republican position. 
North Dakota: 14,115 individuals will 
see their taxes go up. We are looking at $3.3 million in small States such as North Dakota where families will pay an increase in taxes. 
Ohio: 161,011 people in Ohio. The 
Buckeye State—the great rivals of my State. There are 161,011 Ohioans who are looking at $41 million in total tax increases. They are looking at less health care and more taxes if the Su-preme Court sides with the Republican position sometime between now and the end of the month. 
The Sooner State of Oklahoma: 87,136 
people living in Oklahoma. This is an-other State near and dear to me. This is where my mom grew up. She lived on a farm and actually picked cotton. I know how hard they work. So 87,136 people in Oklahoma will see over $18 million come from this State. These are men and women who just want to make sure they have health care for their children so they can respond if somebody gets sick, if somebody has cancer, if somebody needs to have some health care help. They will see less health care and $18 million more in tax increases if the Supreme Court sides with the Republican position this 
month. 
Pennsylvania, the Keystone State: 
348,823 people. Again, a big State and a lot of people in Pennsylvania—348,823 people. This State will see almost $80 million in total tax increases. So less health care, more taxes, if the Supreme Court gets this wrong and sides with the Republican position. 
South Carolina: 154,221 people in 
South Carolina will see their taxes go up, meaning about $43 million in total if this decision goes against the Amer-ican people. 
South Dakota, the Mount Rushmore 
State: This is another small State, but every single person there who is get-ting health care today and is paying less for it—most folks under $100 a month—is going to care about this. There are 16,811 people in South Da-kota who will get tax increases and less health care if the Supreme Court makes the wrong decision, if the Su-preme Court in this case sides with the Republican position. 
Tennessee: 155,753 people in Ten-
nessee will see their taxes go up, with a total of about $34 million just from Tennessee alone. 
Texas: And here we begin to see big-
ger numbers. Again, big State, big numbers—832,334 people in Texas, and we are talking about over $205 million in increased costs, increased taxes on people who live in Texas who just want to be able to provide health care for themselves and their children. That is all. This is not some big frill we are talking about here. It is pretty basic. We cannot control whether we get sick. We are looking at 832,000-plus people who are holding their breath waiting to see what the Supreme Court is going to do and whether they are going to side with them or they are going to side with the Republican position. 
Utah: 86,330 individuals in Utah who 
will see their taxes go up, all together about $18 million. 
Virginia: 285,938 people. Pretty close 
by in Virginia. Again, on average, they will see a $258 increase in their taxes or a total of $74 million from Virginia. This is just across the bridge here. 
West Virginia, the Mountain State: 
We have 26,145 West Virginians who would all, in total, see over $8 million coming out of the State of West Vir-ginia if the Supreme Court sides with the Republican position on the tax credits under health care. 
Wisconsin: 166,142 people. This is an-
other close neighbor of ours in Michi-gan. There are 166,000-plus people who will see over $52 million coming right across Lake Michigan, as we look across at Wisconsin. So less health care and taxes go up if the Supreme Court gets this wrong and sides with the Re-publican position. 
And finally, Wyoming: 16,937 individ-
uals and over $7 million coming from the State of Wyoming in total taxes if the Supreme Court gets this wrong. 
Madam President, a central question 
for Justices to consider in King v. Burwell is legislative intent. That is a 
question I am, frankly, very qualified to answer, given how engaged I was in crafting the Affordable Care Act and especially the tax cuts represented in the affordable tax credits. I was there. I can speak firsthand to what the in-tent was. 
The core purpose of this law was to 
make sure health care coverage was af-fordable for every American. Pretty simple. And to achieve that, I fought very hard to make sure these tax cred-its would be available; that they would be enough to make the difference. 
I pushed so hard for these tax cuts in 
the Finance Committee markup that Chairman Baucus ended up calling me ‘‘Senator Affordability’’ in the process. I knew we had to get that right for every American, including those in my State. The key to this Affordable Care Act is for individuals and small busi-nesses to be able to pool their risk to help drive down the cost for everyone, and it is doing that. 
So the law created the marketplaces 
where Americans could shop. We also wanted to give States the right to cre-ate a marketplace of their own, if that was their preference. Now, here is the important part. We didn’t want States to feel like they were being forced to create a marketplace, so we gave them a choice: either a Federal marketplace or you could choose a State market-place. 
The Federal marketplace created 
healthcare.gov. With healthcare.gov, every American has an opportunity to go online to see if they qualify for these savings, driven by the tax credits created within the Affordable Care Act. The great news is that 6.4 million Americans are getting those tax cuts right now. 
Now the Court is considering the lu-
dicrous idea that Congress actually meant to make those tax credits avail-able in States that created their own exchanges but only in those States; that somehow we were not trying to make sure everybody in the United States had access to affordable health care and lower taxes and to put that money toward providing health care— not every exchange, not every State, not every person buying health insur-ance, only Americans living in States with a State-created exchange. That is what they have to believe in order to take the position the Republicans are asking us to take. 
I can’t think of a single instance in 
the history of our country where Mem-bers of the U.S. Congress have voted to give tax cuts to people in one State and not to people in another State, particu-larly if it is their own State that is not getting the tax cut. 
Senator Max Baucus from Montana 
was chair of the Finance Committee at that time. In Montana, there was no plan to set up a State health care ex-change. It is totally absurd to suggest that Senator Baucus would help write—would lead the writing of a health care bill with tax cuts for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.009 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4070 June 11, 2015 
people of other States and not his own 
State. Why would I, as a Senator from Michigan, push so hard for these tax credits in the Affordable Care Act that my own constituents wouldn’t qualify for but people in other States would? That makes no sense whatsoever. The legislative intent here is crystal clear. 
So we have this bizarre situation 
where colleagues across the aisle are asking the Court to strike down the tax cuts and raise taxes on millions of their own constituents. 
My belief on this issue is the same as 
it was 5 years ago when I pushed the tax credits through the Finance Com-mittee: The right to get those tax cred-its has nothing to do with where you live in the United States of America; it has to do with whether you need health 
care for yourself and your children. If you are an American, then you deserve the opportunity to receive these tax cuts that will make health care afford-able for you and your family. Whether you get your plan through a State ex-change or through the Federal Govern-ment, it doesn’t matter. That was in-tent of the law when we wrote it; that is how the law has worked since the marketplace opened; and that is how it should continue into the future. 
Finally, I want to make it absolutely 
clear that the bill authored by the Sen-ator from Wisconsin, Mr. J
OHNSON , is 
not a repeal-and-replace plan; it is a Trojan horse that would completely de-stroy the health care law that is cur-rently providing medical care for over 16 million Americans in our country. Experts tell us it would lead to a death spiral, where rates would go up so high that only sick people would be willing to pay the premiums, making insur-ance completely unaffordable for American families. It would let your State decide what health benefits are essential to your family, meaning a family in Iowa could have completely different protections from someone liv-ing a few miles away in Minnesota. It puts an expiration date on the tax credits that make health coverage af-fordable. Conveniently enough, though, it extends the tax cuts until after the 2016 election. And there is the real dan-ger that when the guarantee of these tax cuts expires in September 2017, they will not be renewed. By putting that expiration date after the election, it is clear that this bill’s first priority isn’t finding a way to make health care affordable; its priority is delaying a massive tax increase until after the election. The priority is to win an elec-tion first and dismantle affordable health care coverage second. 
My hope and, frankly, my prayer is 
that the Court recognizes what I know to be true: that the language of this law is consistent with the original in-tent, which is clear from the very first words of the law, title I, page 1. Here is what it says: ‘‘Quality, Affordable Health Care for All Americans’’—not Americans in some States and not oth-ers, all Americans. 
It is my deep hope that the Court rul-
ing will allow us to lock in affordable health care coverage for good. Then we 
can move on and spend our time more productively, focusing on how to make a good law even better for families, communities, businesses, and pro-viders. I hope that will be the oppor-tunity we will have. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). The Senator from Wyoming. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF DOUGLAS J. KRA-
MER TO BE DEPUTY ADMINIS-TRATOR OF THE SMALL BUSI-NESS ADMINISTRATION 
Mr. ENZI. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider Executive Calendar No. 145, and that the Senate proceed to vote with-out intervening action or debate on the nomination; that following the disposi-tion of the nomination, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nation of Douglas J. Kramer, of Kan-sas, to be Deputy Administrator of the Small Business Administration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Douglas J. Kramer, of Kansas, to be Deputy Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Ad-ministration? 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
The Senator from Wyoming. 
f 
FEDERAL REGULATIONS 
Mr. ENZI. Madam President, I rise 
today to speak about the growing bur-den of Federal regulations and the need to rein in the creation of new rules and the expansion of existing rules. The regulatory burden in 2014 is reported to be nearly $2 trillion, and the Federal Register last year came out to nearly 78,000 pages of new rules and regula-tions. This chart shows that 78,000 pages of regulations is all too common, especially for this administration, where regulatory overreach has become 
normal, and the size of the Federal Register has topped 80,000 pages for 4 out of the 6 years of the President’s time in office. With this administra-tion, we are seeing a high-water mark of regulations that are drowning Amer-ican families and businesses. 
The flood of regulations has been get-
ting bigger every year for the past 2
1⁄2 
decades under administrations from both parties. We can’t afford to keep piling on these rules. The economic burden of Federal regulations is clear. One study estimated that the regu-latory burden in the United States cost more than $1.8 trillion in 2014 and was bigger than the GDP of India. 
My second chart puts this in perspec-
tive: Only the 10 largest economies are bigger than the U.S. regulatory burden all by itself. 
This burden is real. Some studies 
have estimated the regulatory drag on economic growth in the United States to be as high as 2 percent per year over the last 6
1⁄2decades. An annual report 
from the Competitive Enterprise Insti-tute also noted that in 2014 regulations cost the average household nearly $15,000. A study by the Small Business Administration found that regulations increase costs by more than $10,000 per employee. 
The fact that we cannot afford this 
burden is just as clear. Economic growth in the first quarter shrank by seven-tenths of 1 percent. If we get a growth of 1 percent, it increases the revenue, without raising taxes, to the United States by $300 billion. That is according to the Congressional Budget Office. According to the President’s budget person, it would increase it by $400 billion. Imagine what a seventh- tenths loss costs us. 
Complex regulations are costly and 
time-consuming, especially for small businesses. Small business owners and their employees have to take on dozens of different responsibilities to make their business work. They have to be compliance experts now, and that takes time and resources away that they need to put toward growing their business and succeeding. I have spoken to many businesses in Wyoming that have stopped measuring their permit-ting applications in pages because it is easier to measure them in feet. 
Businesses are struggling in this reg-
ulatory environment because they can’t make long-term plans for invest-ments. They don’t know what new reg-ulation might come out next month that will change their entire business model. And the problem with complex permitting and regulatory require-ments is not just the cost that existing businesses have to bear; it also comes as a cost in businesses that don’t even get started because the Federal Gov-ernment has placed a mountain of pa-perwork between their idea and suc-cess. 
The rush of regulations by this ad-
ministration is clear. President Obama’s administration has issued 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.010 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4071 June 11, 2015 
more than 80 regulations that have a 
price tag of more than $100 million each. That is, at a minimum, $80 bil-lion in costs for this administration’s rules. 
But what is more disturbing is not 
just the willingness to churn out more redtape but to find new and creative ways to do it. Agencies are only sup-posed to create new rules when they have clear authority from Congress to do so and can demonstrate a real need for the regulations. However, we are seeing more and more examples of the administration finding new justifica-tions and new interpretations of laws that Congress has passed in order to get around Congress. 
President Obama said that because 
he is unable to rely on Congress to achieve his agenda, he intends to use Executive orders. We have seen that with the Environmental Protection Agency, the National Labor Relations Board, the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau, which is collecting everybody’s data as we speak, the Na-tional Security Agency, and so many other Federal agencies that are willing to read new authorities into existing laws and grant themselves new powers that Congress never intended. 
One place that is willing to force 
through an agenda regardless of con-gressional intent, the will of the peo-ple, or the Constitution, is in the en-ergy sector. Energy is one of the main drivers of our economy. Yet, this ad-ministration is doing everything it can to wage a regulatory war on coal by re-leasing rules and regulations designed to make coal harder to produce and making energy more expensive to use in our Nation. Anyone who uses elec-tricity should be concerned about this—oh yeah, that is everybody, isn’t it? 
I recently talked to some sisters who 
were driving from Arizona to Wyoming. They were running low on gas, so they stopped in Colorado to fill up. The power was out at the gas station, so they couldn’t pump gas or get a snack or use the restroom. All of these things—the gas pump, the cash reg-ister, the restroom lights—depend on electricity. Think of all the things around you that depend on electricity. Almost everything we do depends on electricity. Yet, this administration seems to want to do anything it can to drive up the cost of electricity. 
A few years ago, Senators on both 
sides of the aisle realized that coal is one of our best sources of energy, the only stockpileable one, and rejected a cap-and-tax as an extremely expensive and bad idea—bipartisan. Now the ad-ministration is moving forward on a backdoor cap-and-tax proposal. They believe the best way to reach their goals of promoting alternative energy sources is to make the current sources more and more expensive to produce and to use. This hurts consumers, it hurts jobs, and it hurts our economy. 
It is a simple fact: Make it more ex-
pensive to mine coal, and the coal in-dustry will be less profitable. Make it 
more expensive to use coal to produce energy, and consumers will see a hit on their energy bills each and every month. Make it more difficult to turn a profit with coal, and coal workers will find themselves with fewer bene-fits, less job security, and a lot less em-ployment, which costs the government more for unemployment. 
This administration has made it 
clear that they do not care about these costs. The Small Business Advocate wrote EPA that their review panel on the Clean Power Plan was only check-ing the box and ‘‘is unlikely to succeed at identifying reasonable regulatory alternatives for small businesses.’’ The incomplete information they provided ‘‘greatly limits [small entity rep-resentatives’] ability to propose poten-tial regulatory flexibilities or discuss the costs and benefits of particular reg-ulatory alternatives.’’ 
Rural electric cooperatives, trans-
mission companies, and municipal util-ities are going to bear the costs of these coal regulations. This is where our communities get their electricity, so those costs will likely be passed on to consumers. Businesses really have no other choice. 
Several Members are pushing back on 
this regulatory overreach. For exam-ple, I am proud to cosponsor a bill Sen-ator V
ITTER introduced earlier this 
week to protect small business from the onslaught of regulations. But the recent case of the Colowyo mine is a good example of how the administra-tion does not care about a loss of jobs or costs to consumers and is a clear signal to Congress that we have to do more to oppose this. 
Coal produced by this mine is respon-
sible for employing over 200 people. The Craig Power Station in Senator G
ARDNER ’s State of Colorado sends 
power to a tristate cooperative which provides service in the West. If the co-operative goes offline, electricity prices for electric customers will rise. Why would it go offline? Because of a little vacation on the mine planned from 2007. 
Senator G
ARDNER , will this affect 
your State’s mine? But it also sets a wider precedent against our most de-pendable fuel source. 
So what does taking this one mine 
offline—I know they are picking on a small one. That is easier to do than pick on a big one. But what does it mean to your constituents? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
Mr. GARDNER. I thank the Senator 
from Wyoming through the Chair for bringing that point to our colleagues about what is happening in western Colorado and the Colowyo mine. 
The Senator from Wyoming men-
tioned in his comments that sometimes the regulations from this administra-tion can and should be measured in a matter of feet and not just pages be-cause that is how many new regula-tions are being piled upon businesses in this country. In the case of the Colowyo Mine, 
though, a 2007 permit is being brought into question by a Federal court that has given this mine 120 days—the Of-fice of Surface Mining—to rectify a de-cision that was made back in 2007. This is a court case that was brought 8 years after the 2007 permit was granted. 
If the 120 days go by and the court de-
cides that the review was not complete by the Office of Surface Mining, it could result in a shutdown of the Colowyo Mine. As you mentioned, this will result in 220 layoffs. Communities in western Colorado of Craig and Meek-er will be devastated. 
This mine is responsible for about 
$200 million in economic impact to Western Colorado. It pays almost $10 million to the Federal Government in 
terms of taxes. It pays about $1 million to the State of Colorado in terms of severance taxes. Think about the im-pact that losing 220 people would have on the Main Street of Craig, CO, and on the people of Meeker, CO. Think about the impacts this would have on fami-lies and the kids of the 220 employees who are being pulled out of school sys-tems. Maybe $100,000 or more of impact to schools that can barely afford the loss already. That is just to mention the direct impacts to those commu-nities of this court decision, and, by the way, we only have about 85 or 86 days left to rectify this permit decision if the Department of the Interior de-cides they are not going to appeal this decision. You have about 80-some days to make this decision that could affect the lives of 220 people, that could affect $200 million worth of economic activ-ity. 
You mentioned that this power is 
from an electric co-op. The Senator from Wyoming mentioned that this power is from an electricity co-op, a cooperative. There are no shareholders. There are no stockholders. There is no guaranteed income to Tri-State. 
This is an organization that is a co-
operative. It is designed to be owned by its members, those people who receive power through the cooperative. When we increase the cost of electricity by closing down a mine that feeds the Craig Power Station, in this case, you are increasing the cost of that elec-tricity. You are taking money out of the hands of members across the Tri- State region, whether that is in Wyo-ming, Colorado, New Mexico or Ne-braska. Those costs will get borne by the members of the cooperative. 
One thing that we know as well is 
that Tri-State is one of those coopera-tives that provide electricity to some of the poorest areas in Colorado. They are some of the areas that can least af-ford it. As a result of this decision, it will increase the cost of electricity, and those costs will be borne by those people who can least afford it—people on low income, people on fixed income, people in rural areas of our State who do not have as high an income as other areas in the State or country may have. This will have a significant eco-nomic impact. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.011 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4072 June 11, 2015 
In fact, the Senator from Wyoming 
may or may not know that a number of Members of Congress from the Colo-rado congressional delegation have written letters to the Department of the Interior urging them to appeal this decision as well as to put a stay on this decision, as we have 80-some days left and because 220 people, their lives, their livelihoods, their jobs are at stake, and these are small commu-nities. They are communities that can be economically devastated with 220 job losses. 
The Presiding Officer represents a 
State where there are many towns where five jobs are a really big deal, two jobs are a really big deal, one job is a really big deal. For a community that is the size of the town that I live in—3,000 people or so—to lose 220 jobs would be economic catastrophe. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  
a letter from Governor John Hickenlooper to the Honorable Sally Jewell, Secretary of the Interior, ask-ing for an appeal of this decision. I also ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a letter written by Con-
gressman E DPERLMUTTER to appeal 
this decision. In addition, I ask unani-mous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a letter that I wrote, as well as 
Congressman S COTT TIPTON wrote, ask-
ing and urging for an appeal of this de-cision. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
STATE OF COLORADO , 
OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR , 
Denver, CO, May 22, 2015. 
Hon. S ALLY JEWELL , 
Secretary of the Interior, Department of the In-
terior, Washington, DC. 
DEARSECRETARY JEWELL : On May 8, 2015, a 
federal District Court judge in Denver issued a decision that could have significant im-pacts to communities in Moffat and Rio Blanco Counties, in northwest Colorado. That ruling found that the Interior Depart-ment’s Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement (OSMRE) failed to perform adequate public notice and environmental analysis when approving a mining plan for the Colowyo Coal Mine pursuant to the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act. Colowyo employs 220 people, contributes over $200 million to the regional economy, generates royalties and taxes estimated at $12.0 million annually, and provides affordable and reli-able electricity to Colorado and the Inter-mountain West. 
The final judgment in the Colowyo case 
stated that the court will void OSMRE’s ap-proval of the mining plan if the agency does not, within 120 days, supplement the envi-ronmental analysis, provide public notice and an opportunity to comment, and render a new decision. Such a result would effec-tively shut down the Colowyo Coal Mine, re-sult in layoffs for all 220 individuals, impact hundreds of other families and businesses in the region, and eliminate the principle source of coal for the Craig Station Power Plant. 
We have expressed our concerns to OSMRE 
about these impacts and pledged to play whatever role we can to minimize them, in-cluding participation as a cooperating agen-cy in OSMRE’s supplemental environmental review. Given the importance of this mine to 
the economies of the region, we ask that you do everything possible to respond to the judge’s order and remedy the situation as ex-peditiously as possible. If needed, we encour-age OSMRE to petition the court for an ex-tension of the time granted to complete the supplemental environmental review. In addi-tion, we encourage you and OSMRE to ap-peal the decision if appropriate, given poten-tial adverse impacts on mines in Colorado and other federal permitting decisions. 
Thank you for your consideration. If we 
can be of any assistance, please do not hesi-tate to call on us. 
Sincerely, 
J
OHNW. H ICKENLOOPER , 
Governor. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
June 2, 2015. 
Hon. S ALLY JEWELL , 
Secretary, Department of the Interior, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEARSECRETARY JEWELL : I write regarding 
the recent federal District Court ruling af-fecting the Colowyo mine in Colorado. The ruling found the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement (OSMRE) failed to fulfill the requirements of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act when ap-proving the amended mining plan in 2007. The ruling gave OSMRE 120 days to re-exam-ine the application and comply with the defi-ciencies identified by the Court. 
I am concerned this ruling could have a 
damaging impact on communities in Moffat and Rio Blanco Counties. The mine supports more than 200 employees, over $200 million in annual economic impact to the region, and is important to the steady supply of coal for Craig Station Power Plant which provides electricity to thousands of Coloradans. Quick resolution to this case is important so these workers and communities have the cer-tainty they need. 
I understand OSMRE is working with the 
State of Colorado pursuant to the Court’s 120-day timeline to conduct additional public outreach and considerations in the environ-mental assessment. The Colowyo Coal Com-pany also filed an appeal of the decision last week. While OSMRE must continue working to follow the Court’s orders, I believe the In-terior Department should also direct the Justice Department to appeal the Court’s de-cision. 
Thank you for your consideration and your 
attention to this important issue. 
Sincerely, 
E
DPERLMUTTER , 
Member of Congress. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
Washington, DC, May 21, 2015. 
Hon. S ALLY JEWELL , 
Secretary of the Interior, Department of the In-
terior, Washington, DC. 
SECRETARY JEWELL : On May 8, 2015, the 
Federal District Court for the District of Colorado issued an order determining that the Office of Surface Mining (‘‘OSM’’) failed to comply with the National Environmental Policy Act (‘‘NEPA’’) in 2007, when it issued a mine plan approval for the Colowyo Coal Mine. The Court gave OSM 120 days to pre-pare a new analysis and issue a new decision. If OSM does not complete the process in 120 days, the Court stated that it would vacate the mine plan, effectively shutting down the Mine. 
We write to urge you to take all necessary 
and appropriate action to ensure the contin-ued operation of the Colowyo Coal Mine, which is a critical component of northwest Colorado’s regional economy and has respon-sibly operated in the eight years since the mine plan approval was issued by your office. 
Coal produced by this mine, located in Moffat and Rio Blanco counties, is then used to generate power at the Craig station and is responsible for employing over 200 people with a payroll of around $20 million dollars. Requested actions include urgently deploy-ing sufficient personnel with the resources and expertise to complete the supplemental NEPA work within the 120 day window pro-vided by the District Court. 
Colowyo Coal Mine is a significant contrib-
utor to both of the counties’ economies. The adverse effects of shutting down this mine go beyond the jobs at the mine that would be lost. We surely do not need to impress upon your office the potentially devastating im-pact of reducing operations at two of the counties’ largest employers as well as one of the largest electricity providers in the west-ern half of the state. 
In addition, we strongly urge OSM to 
evaluate the propriety of an appeal. Without 
remarking on the reasoning of the Court contained within the decision itself, the re-sult nonetheless creates adverse precedent with other suits pending, which would harm not only Colowyo and the town of Craig, but potentially numerous other mining oper-ations and towns in other states as well. The federal government must vigorously defend the legality of its permitting actions, and leave policy debates over the role of coal to the legislative and rulemaking proceedings where those debates belong. 
Respectfully, 
C
ORYGARDNER , 
U.S. Senator. 
SCOTT TIPTON , 
Member of Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Madam President, I thank 
the Senator from Colorado for his in-sights. This is the beginning of a proc-ess of eliminating coal mining in the United States. Here is a company that has their permit for 8 years for mining coal, and that permit took extensive permitting. Now what they are saying is that you have to take a look at where the coal is burned to see what the impacts are. That has never been one of the requirements. Again, it is one of those increases in regulation that this administration is fond of. It is designed to put things out of busi-ness, to raise costs. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD an article called 
‘‘The Case For Legislative Impact Ac-counting Economics 21,’’ which is part of the Manhattan Institute. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[June 9, 2015] 
THECASEFORLEGISLATIVE IMPACT ACCOUNT -
INGECONOMICS 21 (PART OF THE MANHATTAN  
INSTITUTE ) 
(By Jason J. Fichtner, Patrick A. 
McLaughlin) 
For the first time in six years, Congress fi-
nally passed a budget resolution. The federal budget process, when it works, permits Con-gress to monitor and fund programs based on their fiscal impact. Yet every Congressional budget masks the true economic costs of fed-eral spending. Mandatory spending, which makes up the vast majority of federal spend-ing and includes interest on the national debt, Social Security, Medicare and Med-icaid, is not part of the annual budget proc-ess. Also excluded from the annual budget 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.012 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4073 June 11, 2015 
process are the costs of regulations. In fact, 
the vast majority of economic costs induced by federal actions remain off the books. 
We propose reforming the legislative and 
regulatory processes to put these costs on the books. After all, proper budgeting is about making trade-offs between competing wants and limited resources, and it requires planning, setting priorities and making dif-ficult decisions. But these decisions cannot be made without a more complete under-standing of the direct and indirect costs of proposed legislation and spending bills, and their regulatory Progeny. Our proposal, called legislative impact accounting, would provide that information to Congress. 
Estimates of the total cost of regulations 
vary widely, but by any account, they rep-resent a significant cost to the economy. Government economists in the Office of Management and Budget tally up the direct compliance costs associated with rules cre-ated in the last decade that have an effect of more than $100 million annually. OMB’s most recent estimate was that annual costs fall between $57 and $84 billion. Conversely, economists John Dawson and John Seater estimated how the economy would look if federal regulations were held to 1949 levels— essentially asking the question: What if, in-stead of spending resources on regulatory compliance, businesses invested in research and development? The answer was shocking. In 2011, instead of $15.1 trillion, annual GDP would have equaled $54 trillion . . . 
Our proposal, legislative impact account-
ing, would incorporate economic analyses of legislation and regulation into the budget process in two ways: First, when new legisla-tion is proposed, an independent office—per-haps the Congressional Budget Office—would produce an estimate of the economic costs the legislation would create. Importantly, a legislative impact assessment would attempt to consider economic costs of proposed legis-lation, not just budgetary outlays. Examples of some of the effects that could be included as specific line items are: direct compliance costs, employment effects, technological hindrances, trade distortions, and changes to the cumulative regulatory burden. This type of analysis is not unprecedented. The Euro-pean Commission provides impact assess-ments on all legislation considered by the European Parliament. 
Second, legislative impact accounting 
would require retrospective analyses of the economic effects of legislation, starting five years after the legislation passed. The idea is to learn what the real effects have been, and to then update the original estimates pro-duced in the first stage. This would effec-tively create a much-needed feedback loop that communicates information about the economic effects of legislation back to Con-gress. 
Mr. ENZI. I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 1735, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities 
of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McCain amendment No. 1463, in the nature 
of a substitute. 
McCain amendment No. 1456 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to require additional infor-mation supporting long-range plans for con-struction of naval vessels. 
Cornyn amendment No. 1486 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to require reporting on en-ergy security issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways the United States could help vulnerable allies and part-ners with energy security. 
Vitter amendment No. 1473 (to amendment 
No. 1463), to limit the retirement of Army combat units. 
Markey amendment No. 1645 (to amend-
ment No. 1463), to express the sense of Con-gress that exports of crude oil to United States allies and partners should not be de-termined to be consistent with the national interest if those exports would increase en-ergy prices in the United States for Amer-ican consumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil. 
Reed (for Blumenthal) amendment No. 1564 
(to amendment No. 1463), to increase civil penalties for violations of the Servicemem-bers Civil Relief Act. 
McCain (for Paul) modified amendment No. 
1543 (to amendment No. 1463), to strengthen employee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government. 
Reed (for Durbin) modified amendment No. 
1559 (to amendment No. 1463), to prohibit the award of Department of Defense contracts to inverted domestic corporations. 
McCain (for Burr) modified amendment No. 
1569 (to amendment No. 1463), to improve cy-bersecurity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cyber-security threats. 
Feinstein (for McCain) amendment No. 1889 
(to amendment No. 1463), to reaffirm the pro-hibition on torture. 
Fischer/Booker amendment No. 1825 (to 
amendment No. 1463), to authorize appropria-tions for national security aspects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Madam President, as 
we return to the legislation, unfortu-nately we are still, apparently, unable to move forward with managers’ pack-ages and amendments and others. So I would like to apologize to my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle who have pending amendments, who have parts of managers’ packages, and who have invested so many hours of time and effort to this legislation, not to mention members of the committee who spent an inordinate amount of time putting together a Defense au-thorization bill that I think all of us on both sides, with the exception of four who voted against it, were proud of and a product that was accomplished in a bipartisan fashion. 
I, again, want to thank my friend 
from Rhode Island for all of his hard work. But apparently right now we are still stuck in resistance. Rather than go through all of the reasons why, I hope we can have some serious negotia-tions in order for us to move forward 
and complete this legislation. 
Meanwhile, the world moves on, and 
there are greater and greater chal-lenges to our security. In fact, this morning the New York Times says: ‘‘Trainers Intended as Lift, but Quick Iraq Turnaround Is Unlikely.’’ That is The New York Times. 
The New York Times says: 
Mr. Obama’s plan does not call for small 
teams of American troops to accompany Iraqi fighters onto the battlefield, to call in airstrikes or advise on combat operations. Nor is it likely to significantly intensify an air campaign in which American warplanes have been able to locate and bomb their tar-gets only about a quarter of the time. 
‘‘This alone is not going to do it,’’ said 
Michele A. Flournoy, who was the senior pol-icy official in the Pentagon during Mr. Obama’s first term. ‘‘It is a great first step, but it should be the first in a series of steps.’’ 
One of the reasons I have that quote 
from Michele Flournoy is that it is not just former Bush administration offi-cials. It is former Obama administra-tion officials who all agree that what we are doing is without strategy and without prospect of success. 
POLITICO article: ‘‘Obama’s Iraq 
quagmire.’’ 
The President finds himself dragged back 
into a war he was elected to end. 
When pressed on why the latest efforts do 
not include having American troops serve as spotters for airstrikes or sending Apache air-craft to back up the Iraqi troops, Deputy Na-tional Security Adviser Ben Rhodes told re-porters the president ‘‘has been very clear he’ll look at a range of different options.’’ 
That is encouraging that the Presi-
dent has been very clear. I love it. All these spokespeople use two sorts of fillers: One is ‘‘very clear’’ and the other is ‘‘quite frankly.’’ 
Do you ever notice that? Isn’t that 
interesting? Maybe we should take that out of their vocabulary—‘‘very clear’’ and ‘‘frankly’’—when they are neither clear nor frank. 
But anyway, Mr. Rhodes said—he is 
really a very interesting guy: ‘‘The U.S. military cannot and should not do this simply for Iraqis, and, frankly, Iraqis want to be in the lead them-selves.’’ 
‘‘The U.S. military cannot and 
should not do this simply for Iraqis.’’ 
Does anyone in the world think that 
the United States of America would be engaged simply for Iraqis? Has Mr. Rhodes ever listened to Mr. Baghdadi and ISIS and their intentions to attack and destroy America as much as they possibly can? 
POLITICO: ‘‘Trainers or advisors? 
White House and Pentagon don’t agree.’’ 
The White House says the new batch of 
troops deploying to Iraq are going to train Iraqi recruits to fight the Islamic State. The Pentagon says the 450 American personnel headed to Al-Taqaddum Air Base are going over just as advisers. 
The mixed signals come as President 
Barack Obama struggles to find a balance be-tween achieving his goal of ‘‘degrading and ultimately destroying’’ the terrorist group known as the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant while avoiding restarting a war in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.027 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4074 June 11, 2015 
Iraq that he has worked to end since he be-
came President in 2009. 
From The Wall Street Journal edi-
torial this morning: ‘‘Obama’s Latest Iraq Escalation.’’ 
President Obama all but admitted on 
Wednesday that his strategy against the Is-lamic State is flailing by ordering an addi-tional 450 U.S. military advisers to join the 3,500 already in Iraq. Alas, this looks like more of the half-hearted incrementalism that hasn’t worked so far. 
The fundamental problem with Mr. 
Obama’s strategy is that he is so determined to show that the U.S. isn’t returning to war in Iraq that he isn’t doing enough to win the war we are fighting. In September he pledged to ‘‘degrade’’ and ultimately ‘‘destroy’’ 
ISIS—the kind of commitment a U.S. Presi-dent must never make lightly. But his fitful bombing and timid special-forces campaign hasn’t been able to stop the jihadist ad-vances, much less drive it out of Iraq’s west-ern cities. 
The longer ISIS stands up to a U.S. Presi-
dent pledging its destruction, the more of a magnet it becomes for young men willing to die for its perverted form of Islam. 
Again, an article in the Wall Street 
Journal today: ‘‘To U.S. Allies, Al Qaeda Affiliate in Syria Becomes the Lesser Evil.’’ 
This is what so many of us were so 
concerned about when we literally begged for help for the Free Syrian Army back as long ago as 3 years ago— that we would end up in a situation where we had the Faustian choice of Al Qaeda, Bashar al-Assad versus Al Qaeda or Al Qaeda-affiliated organiza-tions. That is a scenario that most of us said might happen, unless we sup-ported the Free Syrian Army. 
The Wall Street Journal says: 
In the three-way war ravaging Syria, 
should the local Al Qaeda branch be seen as the lesser evil to be wooed rather than bombed? 
This is increasingly the view of some of 
America’s regional allies and even some Western officials. 
Outnumbered and outgunned, the more 
secular, Western-backed rebels have found themselves fighting shoulder to shoulder with Nusra in key battlefields. 
The list goes on and on. 
Lebanon’s Labor Minister, who is a 
prominent Lebanese Christian politi-cian long opposed to Mr. Assad, said: 
‘‘This is great error—we refuse the choice 
between ISIS and Nusra, We want to choose between democracy and dictatorship, not be-tween terrorism and terrorism. If the Syr-ians have to choose between ISIS, Nusra or Assad, they will choose Assad.’’ 
That is exactly the situation that 
Assad has been hoping for. 
The New York Times: ‘‘Russian 
Groups Crowdfund the War in Ukraine.’’ 
The Novorossiya Humanitarian Battalion 
boasts on its website that it provided funds to buy a pair of binoculars used by rebels in eastern Ukraine to spot and destroy an ar-mored vehicle. . . . It is unclear just how ex-tensive the fundraising network is, or how much money flows through it, though the separatist groups identified by The Times claim in social media posts to have raised millions of dollars. 
The New York Times, ‘‘Increasingly 
Frequent Call on Baltic Sea: ‘The Rus-sian Navy Is Back.’’’ The Wall Street Journal, ‘‘The New 
Cold War’s Arctic Front: Putin is mili-tarizing one of the world’s coldest, most remote regions.’’ 
The Washington Post: 
The U.S. should send aid to democracy’s 
front lines in Ukraine. 
In the past several months, Ukraine’s free-
ly elected government has taken dramatic steps to reform its economy, fight corruption and rebuild democratic institutions. It has imposed painful austerity on average Ukrainians, stripped oligarchs of political and economic privileges and rewritten laws to encourage free enterprise and foreign in-vestment. It has done all this even while fighting a low-grade war against Russia, which has deployed an estimated 10,000 troops to eastern Ukraine and, with its local proxies, attacks Ukrainian forces on a near- daily basis. . . . What’s missing is a decision by Mr. Obama to make the defense of Ukraine a priority. The president has ceded leadership on the issue to Germany and France and overridden those in his adminis-tration and Congress who support arms de-liveries. . . . A stronger U.S. commitment to Ukraine will not guarantee its success. But Mr. Obama’s lukewarm support risks a cata-strophic failure for the cause of Western de-
mocracy. 
I cannot emphasize enough to my 
colleagues that this is a critical and fundamental issue as to whether we will provide defensive weapons to Ukraine, and I would remind my col-leagues who don’t want to send Amer-ican troops anywhere that they are not asking for American troops. They are not asking for a single boot on the ground. Why in the world we can’t pro-vide them with defensive weapons is something I will never understand as long as I live. 
The New York Times, ‘‘Hackers May 
Have Obtained Names of Chinese with Ties to U.S. Government.’’ 
And, of course, we all know that in 
the last week some 4 million Ameri-cans, at least, have been hacked into and had some of their most sensitive information broken into, which is one of the arguments many of us had for consideration of the cyber bill on the floor of the Senate as part of the De-fense bill. Obviously, we are in a cyber war. Obviously, it requires the involve-ment and engagement of the Depart-ment of Defense, along with our intel-ligence agencies, and that is why I am a bit taken aback by the vociferous op-position by my colleagues on that side of the aisle to addressing this issue since it is clearly part of the defense and security of this Nation. 
I would like to mention—and I appre-
ciate the indulgence of my friend from Rhode Island—the issue of Russian rocket engines. Less than 6 months after the prohibition was enacted in last year’s NDAA, which would end the use of RD–180 on military space launches by 2019, the administration has stated they want access to 14 more Russian rocket engines. Agreeing to the administration’s request endorses another 8 years of Russian rocket en-gines and over $300 million for Vladi-mir Putin and his cronies. 
We must not reward Vladimir Putin 
and the Russian military industrial complex. We cannot in good conscience 
agree to reward the Russian military industrial base with over $300 million in rocket engines while they occupy Crimea, destabilize Ukraine, send weapons to Iran, and violate the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty. 
The bill before us today would limit 
the use of Russian rocket engines and restates the committee’s direction to end the use of Russian engines for na-tional security space launches by 2019. There are some who want to continue our Nation’s dependence on Russian rocket engines. The NDAA would put an end to this dependence and stop hundreds of millions of dollars from going to Vladimir Putin. We can meet our national security space needs with-out Russia, and we must lead by exam-ple by eliminating our dependence as quickly as possible and fostering com-petition. 
I say to my colleagues, we have two 
launch providers, ULA and SpaceX. Re-gardless of the Russian RD–180, we will be able to provide full redundant capa-bilities by 2017 with the Delta IV, Fal-con 9, and Falcon Heavy. There will be no capability gap. The Atlas 5 is not going anywhere anytime soon. With the engines allowed under this amend-ment, ULA has enough Atlas 5s to get them through at least 2018, if not later. 
As the New York Times editorial 
board stated last week: 
When sanctions are necessary, the coun-
tries that impose them must be willing to pay a cost, too. After leaning on France to cancel the sale of two ships to Russia be-cause of the invasion of Ukraine, the United States can hardly insist on continuing to buy national security hardware from one of Mr. Putin’s cronies. 
I have a Reuter’s article from last 
year. ‘‘Comrade Capitalism: In murky Pentagon deal with Russia, big profit for a tiny Florida firm.’’ 
ULA’s dealings with Russia are trou-
bling and ethically questionable. A Reuters investigation this past Novem-ber on the RD–180 raises troubling issues regarding the businesses and shell companies that facilitate the pur-chase of Russian rocket engines. The report describes a five-person company called RD AMROSS, a joint venture be-tween Russian rocket engine manufac-turer Energomash and Pratt and Whit-ney Rocketdyne that collects nearly $93 million in cost markups. 
The article uncovers that in the past, 
RD AMROSS was investigated by the Defense Contract Management Agency, which determined that in a previous contract, RD AMROSS had collected $80 million in ‘‘unallowable excessive pass-through charges.’’ 
The article titled ‘‘Comrade Cap-
italism’’ also exposed the role senior Russian politicians and close friends of Vladimir Putin play in the in the Energomash management. The article states that according to a Russian audit of Energomash, the Russian rocket manufacturer had been oper-ating at a loss because funds were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.014 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4075 June 11, 2015 
‘‘being captured by unnamed offshore 
intermediary companies.’’ 
Well, I just want to say there is no 
argument for the continued purchase of these rocket engines from the Rus-sians—from Vladimir Putin and his cronies, one of whom was involved in the management and has been sanc-tioned by the United States of Amer-ica. 
I have confidence America is capable 
of building our own rocket engines, and I am confident we can do that in a rea-sonable period of time—like 1 to 2 years. For us to commit to the contin-ued use of these rocket engines and making millions and millions of dol-lars, in this case $300 million, for Vladi-mir Putin and his cronies is—the ques-tion has to be asked of individuals who want to continue the purchase of these rocket engines from this Russian shell company: Why do you want to help Vladimir Putin? Why do you want to help Vladimir Putin and his cronies by giving them as much as $300 million? That is a legitimate question. 
If any of my colleagues who support 
this basically unlimited or continued purchase of rocket engines from Russia rather than having it terminated in a reasonable and very short time, the question has to be asked: Why are you helping Vladimir Putin? Why are you helping his cronies? That is a legiti-mate question, and if any of my col-leagues try to force this continued and unnecessary purchase of Russian rock-et engines, that question needs to be asked of them. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1473, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that my amend-ment No. 1473 be modified with the changes at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
On page 38, line 12, insert after ‘‘ FIGHTER  
AIRCRAFT ’’ the following: ‘‘ AND ARMY COMBAT  
UNITS ’’. 
On page 43, between lines 3 and 4, insert 
the following: 
(e) M INIMUM NUMBER OF ARMY BRIGADE  
COMBAT TEAMS .—Section 3062 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e)(1) Effective October 1, 2015, the Sec-
retary of the Army shall maintain the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) A total number of brigade combat 
teams for the regular and reserve compo-nents of the Army of not fewer than 32 bri-gade combat teams. 
‘‘(B) A total number of brigade combat 
teams for the Army National Guard of not fewer than 26 brigade combat teams. ‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘ brigade 
combat team’ means any unit that consists of— 
‘‘(A) an arms branch maneuver brigade; ‘‘(B) its assigned support units; and ‘‘(C) its assigned fire teams’’. 
(f) R
EDUCTION OF ARMY BRIGADE COMBAT  
TEAMS .— 
(1) P RESERVATION OF TEAMS .—The Sec-
retary of the Army shall give priority to maintaining 32 brigade combat teams for the Army as required by subsection (e)(1) of sec-tion 3062 of title 10 United States Code (as amended by subsection (e) of this section), and shall carry out such priority as funding or appropriations become available to main-tain such war fighting capability. 
(2) R
EDUCTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (e)(1) of section 3062 of title 10 United States Code (as so amended), or paragraph (1) of this subsection, the Secretary may, after October 1, 2015, reduce the number of brigade combat teams for the Army to fewer than 32 brigade combat teams upon the latest of the following: 
(A) The date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary submits the report required by paragraph (3). 
(B) The date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary certifies to the con-gressional defense committees that the re-duction of Army brigade combat teams will not increase the operational risk of meeting the National Defense Strategy. 
(C) The date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary certifies to the con-gressional defense committees that funding or appropriations are not adequate to sus-tain 32 brigade combat teams for the regular Army. 
(3) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth the following: 
(A) The rationale for any proposed reduc-
tion of the total strength of the Army, in-cluding the National Guard and Reserves, below the strength provided in subsection (e) of section 3062 of title 10, United States Code (as so amended), and an operational analysis of the total strength of the Army that dem-onstrates performance of the designated mis-sion at an equal or greater level of effective-ness as the personnel of the Army so re-duced. 
(B) An assessment of the implications for 
the Army, the Army National Guard of the United States, and the Army Reserve of the force mix ratio of Army troop strengths and combat units after such reduction. 
(C) Such other matters relating to the re-
duction of the total strength of the Army as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(g) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At least 90 days before the 
date on which the total strength of the Army, including the National Guard and Re-serves, is reduced below the strength pro-vided in subsection (e) of section 3062 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by sub-section (e) of this section), the Secretary of the Army, in consultation with (where appli-cable) the Director of the Army National Guard or Chief of the Army Reserve, shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the reduction. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A list of each major combat unit of the 
Army that will remain after the reduction, organized by division and enumerated down to the brigade combat team-level or its equivalent, including for each such brigade combat team— 
(i) the mission it is assigned to; and (ii) the assigned unit and military installa-
tion where it is based. (B) A list of each brigade combat team pro-
posed for disestablishment, including for each such unit— 
(i) the mission it is assigned to; and (ii) the assigned unit and military installa-
tion where it is based. 
(C) A list of each unit affected by a pro-
posed disestablishment listed under subpara-graph (B) and a description of how such unit is affected. 
(D) For each military installation and unit 
listed under subparagraph (B)(ii), a descrip-tion of changes, if any, to the designed oper-ational capability (DOC) statement of the unit as a result of a proposed disestablish-ment. 
(E) A description of any anticipated 
changes in manpower authorizations as a re-sult of a proposed disestablishment listed under subparagraph (B). 
(h) R
EPORT MANNING OF BRIGADE COMBAT  
TEAMS AT ACHIEVEMENT OF ARMY ACTIVE  
END-STRENGTH .—Upon the achievement of 
the end strength for active duty personnel of the Army specified in section 401(1), the Sec-retary of the Army shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the current manning of each brigade combat team of the Army. 
(i) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
should be construed to supersede Army man-ning of brigade combat teams at designated levels. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I dis-
cussed this amendment yesterday on the floor. It deals with brigade combat teams in the Army, making sure we don’t cut through fat and into meat and bone with regard to that essential part of our force. I urge bipartisan sup-port of this commonsense amendment. 
There is already language in the un-
derlying bill that takes similar action on the Air Force side and on the Navy side with regard to major, significant key units in those forces, and it is the same principle that would be applied to the Army’s brigade combat teams. 
This amendment is strongly sup-
ported by the national organizations built around both the Army National Guard and the Regular Army. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1564 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I call 
for regular order with respect to amendment No. 1564. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is now pending. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1564, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. REED. I have a modification to 
that amendment, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is so modified. 
The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. INTEREST RATE LIMITATION ON DEBT 
ENTERED INTO DURING MILITARY SERVICE TO CONSOLIDATE OR REFI-NANCE STUDENT LOANS INCURRED BEFORE MILITARY SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
207 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 527) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘
ON DEBT  
INCURRED BEFORE SERVICE ’’ after ‘‘L IMITATION  
TO 6 PERCENT ’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.015 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4076 June 11, 2015 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) L IMITATION TO 6 PERCENT ON DEBT IN -
CURRED DURING SERVICE TO CONSOLIDATE OR  
REFINANCE STUDENT LOANS INCURRED BEFORE  
SERVICE .—An obligation or liability bearing 
interest at a rate in excess of 6 percent per year that is incurred by a servicemember, or the servicemember and the servicemember’s spouse jointly, during military service to consolidate or refinance one or more student loans incurred by the servicemember before such military service shall not bear an inter-est at a rate in excess of 6 percent during the period of military service.’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘or (2)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF LIMITATION .—Sub-
section (b) of such section is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the inter-
est rate limitation in subsection (a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘an interest rate limitation in para-graph (1) or (2) of subsection (a)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
AS OF DATE OF ORDER TO ACTIVE DUTY ’’; and 
(B) by inserting before the period at the 
end the following: ‘‘in the case of an obliga-tion or liability covered by subsection (a)(1), or as of the date the servicemember (or serv-icemember and spouse jointly) incurs the ob-ligation or liability concerned under sub-section (a)(2)’’. 
(c) S
TUDENT LOANDEFINED .—Subsection (d) 
of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) S
TUDENT LOAN .—The term ‘student 
loan’ means the following: 
‘‘(A) A Federal student loan made, insured, 
or guaranteed under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.). 
‘‘(B) A private student loan as that term is 
defined in section 140(a) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(a)).’’. 
SEC. 1086. TERMINATION OF RESIDENTIAL 
LEASES AFTER ASSIGNMENT OR RE-LOCATION TO QUARTERS OF UNITED STATES OR HOUSING FACILITY UNDER JURISDICTION OF UNI-FORMED SERVICE. 
(a) T ERMINATION OF RESIDENTIAL LEASES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 305 of the 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 535) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) in the case of a lease described in sub-
section (b)(1) and subparagraph (C) of such subsection, the date the lessee is assigned to or otherwise relocates to quarters or a hous-ing facility as described in such subpara-graph.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) the lease is executed by or on behalf of 
a person who thereafter and during the term 
of the lease is assigned to or otherwise relo-cates to quarters of the United States or a housing facility under the jurisdiction of a uniformed service (as defined in section 101 of title 37, United States Code), including housing provided under the Military Housing Privatization Initiative.’’. 
(2) M
ANNER OF TERMINATION .—Subsection 
(c)(1) of such section is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘in the case of a lease de-
scribed in subsection (b)(1) and subparagraph (A) or (B) of such subsection,’’ before ‘‘by de-livery’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following new subparagraph (B): 
‘‘(B) in the case of a lease described in sub-
section (b)(1) and subparagraph (C) of such subsection, by delivery by the lessee of writ-ten notice of such termination, and a letter from the servicemember’s commanding offi-cer indicating that the servicemember has been assigned to or is otherwise relocating to quarters of the United States or a housing facility under the jurisdiction of a uniformed service (as defined in section 101 of title 37, United States Code), to the lessor (or the les-sor’s grantee), or to the lessor’s agent (or the agent’s grantee); and’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF MILITARY ORDERS AND  
CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES FOR PURPOSES  
OFACT.— 
(1) T RANSFER OF DEFINITIONS .—Such Act is 
further amended by transferring paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 305(i) (50 U.S.C. App. 535(i)) to the end of section 101 (50 U.S.C. App. 511) and redesignating such paragraphs, as so transferred, as paragraphs (10) and (11). 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such Act is 
further amended— 
(A) in section 305 (50 U.S.C. App. 535), as 
amended by paragraph (1), by striking sub-section (i); and 
(B) in section 705 (50 U.S.C. App. 595), by 
striking ‘‘or naval’’ both places it appears. 
SEC. 1087. PROTECTION OF SURVIVING SPOUSE 
WITH RESPECT TO MORTGAGE FORECLOSURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 531 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 303 (50 U.S.C. App. 533) the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 303A. PROTECTION OF SURVIVING SPOUSE 
WITH RESPECT TO MORTGAGE FORECLOSURE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection 
(b), with respect to a servicemember who dies while in military service and who has a surviving spouse who is the servicemember’s successor in interest to property covered under section 303(a), section 303 shall apply to the surviving spouse with respect to that 
property during the one-year period begin-ning on the date of such death in the same manner as if the servicemember had not died. 
‘‘(b) N
OTICE REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be covered under this 
section with respect to property, a surviving spouse shall submit written notice that such surviving spouse is so covered to the mort-gagee, trustee, or other creditor of the mort-gage, trust deed, or other security in the na-ture of a mortgage with which the property is secured. 
‘‘(2) T
IME.—Notice provided under para-
graph (1) shall be provided with respect to a surviving spouse anytime during the one- year period beginning on the date of death of the servicemember with respect to whom the surviving spouse is to receive coverage under this section. 
‘‘(3) A
DDRESS .—Notice provided under para-
graph (1) with respect to property shall be provided via e-mail, facsimile, standard post, or express mail to facsimile numbers and ad-dresses, as the case may be, designated by the servicer of the mortgage, trust deed, or other security in the nature of a mortgage with which the property is secured. 
‘‘(4) M
ANNER .—Notice provided under para-
graph (1) shall be provided in writing by using a form designed under paragraph (5) or submitting a copy of a Department of De-
fense or Department of Veterans Affairs doc-ument evidencing the military service-re-lated death of a spouse while in military service. 
‘‘(5) O
FFICIAL FORMS .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall design and distribute an official Department of Defense form that can be used by an individual to give notice under para-graph (1).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 303A of such 
Act, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with respect to deaths that occur on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of such Act (50 U.S.C. App. 501) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 303 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 303A. Protection of surviving spouse 
with respect to mortgage fore-closure.’’. 
SEC. 1088. MAKING PERMANENT EXTENDED PE-
RIOD OF PROTECTIONS FOR MEM-BERS OF UNIFORMED SERVICES RE-LATING TO MORTGAGES, MORTGAGE FORECLOSURE, AND EVICTION. 
Section 710(d) of the Honoring America’s 
Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Fami-lies Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–154) is amended by striking paragraphs (1) and (3). 
SEC. 1089. INCREASE IN CIVIL PENALTIES FOR 
VIOLATION OF SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 801(b)(3) of the 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 597(b)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$55,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$110,000’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking 
‘‘$110,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$220,000’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to violations of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 501 et seq.) that occur on or after such date. 
Mr. REED. I thank the Presiding Of-
ficer, and I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
BIPARTISAN SOLUTIONS  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, 
this morning I heard the distinguished majority leader say it was a time for bipartisan solutions. He said: ‘‘What America needs right now is a season of serious bipartisan solutions.’’ 
Democrats couldn’t agree more. We 
have been asking for weeks for all par-ties to sit down and start talking about the budget—not at the eleventh hour, not when we are already at the edge of a cliff, but now. 
From a substantive perspective, this 
only makes sense. Both parties hate the sequester. Both parties understand there is a smarter way to budget than senselessly acting as though we are hostage to these arbitrary, meat- cleaver cuts that were never intended 
to go into effect, whether on the de-fense side or on the nondefense side. 
So, Mr. Majority Leader, let’s sit 
down and start talking about some se-rious bipartisan solutions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.002 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4077 June 11, 2015 
The majority leader makes it seem as 
though he has been negotiating and being fair. Every number in the Appro-priations Committee had no consulta-tion from the Democrats. They just chose the numbers. That is not bipar-tisan. They did not talk to the White House, which has veto power over every one of these. That is not bipar-tisan. 
We all know that the only way we 
are going to get something done on the budget, on the spending bills is by sit-ting down together and talking. Why not sooner rather than later? Why not now rather than at the last minute? 
There is a charade going on by my 
friends on the other side. They totally decide the appropriations numbers by themselves. They totally decide to use OCO for defense but they do nothing for the nondefense side. Then they say: Let’s move forward with those bills. 
That is not bipartisan. Have any 
Democrats been consulted? I ask the majority leader: Who has he consulted on the other side of the aisle about his numbers? Who has he consulted at the White House about his numbers? He knows he needs input from both to get anything done. 
I think what the majority leader 
wants to do is play a game of chicken— wait until the end and then say: Do it our way. Well, that is not going to work. 
Over the next month or two, the 
American people are going to see that we will not move forward on these pro-posals until—but certainly with great vigor when—there is a bipartisan dis-cussion and agreement. We all know how this place works. The Senate and our system of government—both the executive and the Congress—are in-volved in doing the budget and doing the appropriations bills in particular. It works only when both parties come to agreement. When one party tries to shove things down the other party’s throat, which, in all due respect, is what the majority leader is now doing, we end up with worries and sometimes the reality of a government shutdown. If the majority leader wants that, he should continue with this strategy, and any shutdown will be on his hands. We don’t want that, the American people don’t want that, and my guess is most of the Members on this side of the aisle don’t want that. We want to come to an agreement. 
All we want the majority leader to do 
is talk to us, not to decide in his office or maybe with the chair of the Appro-priations Committee what all the num-bers should be—how much to spend on defense, how much to spend on edu-cation, how much to spend on high-ways. Those are some of the most im-portant decisions we make around here, and they will not be made with-out bipartisanship, sooner rather than later. 
Mr. Majority Leader, like it or not, 
we have a Democratic President, and we have 46 Democratic votes in the Senate—enough to stop us from mov-ing forward if we can’t negotiate—like 
it or not, Mr. Majority Leader. 
The path the majority leader is pur-
suing is a cul-de-sac that will either force us to sit down and negotiate later in the day or force a CR, which no one wants, or even if some of the people on that side of the aisle have their way, a government shutdown, as they did once before. None of those is a good solu-tion. The best solution is for us to all sit down and talk. We should not keep kicking the can down the road. Yet, here we are. 
In Roll Call this week: ‘‘McConnell 
Cool to Budget Summit.’’ 
When he was asked: Is it time to 
start talking about the budget, he re-plied: No, of course not. Why? What is his logic? His logic is Democrats should just accept everything Republicans want. 
That is not why we have two parties. 
That is not how the Senate works. That is not how democracy works. There is nothing left for Democrats to conclude other than that there is a yawning chasm between the Repub-lican leader’s stated intentions and his actions to date, because the current posture by the majority has been this: my way or shut down the government. Well, we have seen that before, it didn’t work, and it is not going to work this time. 
We are saying, let’s negotiate and 
let’s start those negotiations soon, be-fore it is too late. If the Republican leader truly wants a season of bipar-tisan solutions, well, the winds are blowing in one direction. Sit down with Democrats and let’s start negotiating a sensible budget, and let’s start doing it now. We are ready to sit down this afternoon. We are ready to sit down at any moment that he gives us a signal. Let’s get in the room and start the real work of finding bipartisan agreement on the budget, plain and simple. 
One other thing, when the American 
people ask why Washington so grid-locked, just look at how the majority leader is handling one of the most im-portant parts of what the government does, where the dollars go. There is gridlock when one side insists that it has to get all of its way and not sit down with the other side. That is the path at the moment that the majority leader is on. We hope he gets off of it. It is untenable. It won’t work. It will lead to a bad solution. 
Once again, I repeat: We are willing 
to sit down and start talking about the budget, talking about how much to spend on defense and transportation and education and medical research today. We are waiting, Mr. Majority Leader, for you to give us that ability, that signal, so we can actually enact a budget without acrimony and that will work for this great country of ours. 
I yield the floor. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1569, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, ear-
lier this year, the Senate Intelligence Committee reported the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act to the Senate floor. This bill is intended to facilitate 
sharing of cyber threat information be-tween the private sector and the gov-ernment. While this could be useful in protecting against cyber attacks, I am concerned that certain provisions in the Senate Intelligence Committee’s bill would severely undermine Ameri-cans’ privacy. 
Senator B
URR’s bill would remove all 
existing legal restrictions to allow an unprecedented wave of information— including Americans’ personal commu-nications—to flow from the private sec-tor into government databases without any meaningful controls or limita-tions. It would explicitly authorize the government to use this information to ‘‘prevent’’ crimes that have nothing to do with cybersecurity, such as firearms possession, arson, and robbery. 
These problems are compounded by 
the fact that this bill requires all infor-mation provided to the government through the information-sharing re-gime to be immediately disseminated, which does not allow time for removal of unnecessary private information, to a number of Federal agencies—includ-ing the National Security Agency and others. We do not know whether this information would also be shared with the Drug Enforcement Administration, or the Internal Revenue Service, for ex-ample. We do know this would open a new flow of information to the Federal Government, without appropriate re-strictions on how these agencies can store, query, or mine this information. 
Congress should enact cybersecurity 
legislation to protect American busi-nesses and the American people. But we need a cyber security bill, not a cyber surveillance bill. 
There are also provisions in this bill 
that add entirely new exemptions to the Freedom of Information Act, FOIA. These provisions are completely unnec-essary, and have the potential to great-ly weaken government transparency. 
Senator B
URR’s information sharing 
bill is major legislation that deserves full debate and a meaningful oppor-tunity for Senators to offer amend-ments to improve the bill. It has had neither. 
The bill was drafted behind closed 
doors. It has not been the subject of any open hearings or public debate. The text of the bill was only made pub-lic by the Intelligence Committee after it was reported to the Senate floor, and no other committee of jurisdiction—in-cluding the Judiciary Committee—was allowed to consider and improve the bill. I shared with Chairman G
RASSLEY  
my concern that the Judiciary Com-mittee should also consider this bill, and Chairman G
RASSLEY assured me 
that there would be a ‘‘robust and open amendment process’’ if this bill were considered on the Senate floor. I expect that the Senate Homeland Security Committee received the same assur-ances. 
Senator B
URR’s attempt to offer the 
Intelligence Committee’s information sharing bill as an amendment to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.018 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4078 June 11, 2015 
National Defense Authorization Act 
runs directly counter to those assur-ances. This is not a sincere effort to 
consider and pass this bill under reg-ular order. Instead, through a series of procedural maneuvers, Republican leadership is deliberately preventing any type of meaningful debate on this bill. 
I agree that we must do more to pro-
tect our cyber security, but we should not rush to pass legislation that has significant privacy implications for millions of Americans. We must be thoughtful and responsible. Attempt-ing to stifle meaningful debate and pass this bill as an amendment to the NDAA is the wrong answer. That is not how the Senate should operate. I urge Senators to vote no on cloture. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1473, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. MORAN. Madam President, Sen-
ator V ITTER spoke about his amend-
ment, No. 1473, to the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, which makes certain our U.S. Army is able to maintain the current number of brigade combat teams to prevent fur-ther reductions to the Army force structure. 
I support Senator V
ITTER ’s amend-
ment and encourage my colleagues to do the same so that our military men and women are prepared to face our Nation’s evolving national security threats. 
Our Army and soldiers here at home 
and abroad need all the support we can give them. In the coming months, I look forward to welcoming home Major General Funk, who is currently serving in Iraq and leading the front against ISIS. We must remember that he and the soldiers he commands need our help and protection, just as they serve and protect us. 
The across-the-board cuts called for 
in the Budget Control Act, including a reduced force structure, make no sense when our country continues to face global threats. The cuts fail to estab-lish priorities and suggest that every program has equal value, which is not the case. 
In my home State of Kansas, these 
reductions could have a significant im-pact on the Intellectual Center of the Army, Fort Leavenworth, and the Army’s First Infantry Division, the Big Red One. 
The Big Red One is just one of the 
many divisions across the country that could lose entire brigade combat teams, BCTs, degrading our Army’s ability to meet current and emerging challenges such as Russian aggression, Ebola response operations, and taking on terrorist organizations like ISIS or Al Shabaab. I mention these specific examples because they are the most re-cent situations over the last 12 months that call on our Armed Forces to be ready and resilient. 
Without arbitrary budget reductions, 
the Army would not intentionally choose to downsize the Army and let valuable soldiers go. 
As the cochair for the Senate Defense 
Communities Caucus, we must consider our towns and citizens who overwhelm-
ingly support our military. These re-ductions make no common sense for our communities and the soldiers and their families who call our towns home. 
These reductions impact the morale 
of the men and women who serve our country, as well as their families, at a time when we need their commitment and readiness the most. 
I urge my colleagues to support Sen-
ator V
ITTER ’s amendment. Maintaining 
our Nation’s military forces must be our top priority. A capable and strong national defense is critical to the secu-rity of the United States and is our Federal Government’s primary con-stitutional responsibility. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
Mr. ROUNDS. Madam President, I 
rise today to encourage my colleagues to join the bipartisan group of Armed Services Committee members who sup-port a very important measure for our troops. Last month, we overwhelm-ingly voted in favor of the National De-fense Authorization Act for 2016 that the Senate is considering today. 
The defense of our Nation is a funda-
mental responsibility of the Federal Government, and the annual passage of the NDAA is an important step in mak-ing sure that our servicemembers have what they need to do their job and to succeed. These brave men and women selflessly sacrifice everything to keep us safe from the forces of darkness that wish to do us harm. We owe it to these men and women to wisely work to-gether to make certain they have the necessary tools to accomplish their dangerous and demanding missions, and that is what we did in the Armed Services Committee just a few weeks ago. 
Under the leadership of Chairman 
M
CCAINand Ranking Member R EED, we 
reported a bill out of committee that not only supports our Armed Forces but makes a host of needed reforms as well, and we did this overwhelmingly by a bipartisan vote of 22 to 4. 
I would like to cite a number of the 
bill provisions which make our Nation stronger and which I hope Congress and the President will enact into law. 
Our bill cuts nearly $10 billion in 
wasteful and duplicative spending, thereby freeing up additional funds to develop and procure weapons systems of the future, while also giving our troops in combat the tools they need today. 
This bill also makes important re-
forms aimed at recruiting and retain-ing the All-Volunteer Force that has so consistently defended our country for over four decades. 
The Armed Services Committee pro-
duced this legislation by using the lim-ited and admittedly less than optimal funding tools at its disposal. For now, the hand we are dealt is limited by the Budget Control Act, which includes ar-bitrary spending caps and the threat of sequestration. So in our bill we are funding our Armed Forces using funds 
from the overseas contingency oper-ations account. We are doing so at a level above that requested by the President for this account. OCO was in-cluded in the Budget Control Act be-cause Members of the 112th Congress recognized the importance of funding our men and women who serve on the frontlines. 
I believe that many Members of the 
Senate fervently hope that in the near future we will be able to fund our gov-ernment in a fiscally sound manner, without the irrational budget caps and threat of sequestration that pervades all of Congress’s budgetary delibera-tions. 
I am willing to work with any of my 
colleagues on either side of the aisle to fix the Budget Control Act, but until that day comes, we need to use the funding options we have available to keep America safe. The legislation be-fore us today does exactly that. We are following the rules that are in force today. 
I am proud of my colleagues who 
serve with me on the Armed Services Committee for coming together to achieve a truly bipartisan, comprehen-sive bill. Our bill will support our troops and meet the demands of a mili-tary that needs to continue its dy-namic evolution in the face of ever more sophisticated threats. And I am pleased that a number of provisions I offered are included in the final pack-age we are debating today. 
Now that we have completed our 
work in committee and Leader M
CCON-
NELL has brought our bill to the full 
Senate for debate, we must come to-gether to pass the NDAA, as the Senate has done each year for more than five decades. It is no coincidence that the NDAA is the only legislation to achieve this track record; rather, it in-dicates the vital importance that gen-erations of Senate Members have at-tached to it. The defense of our coun-try is not a partisan issue. 
The bipartisan NDAA sustains what 
our servicemembers need to succeed in a world that grows ever more dan-gerous. From the Russian aggression in Ukraine and mounting Chinese coer-cion in Asia to the ugly aggression of the self-proclaimed Islamic State in the Middle East, new threats continue to rise throughout the world. These threats are multifaceted, and our en-emy’s tactics ever-changing. We must make certain our Armed Forces can continue to face these challenges, and we must uphold our commitment to them. 
I encourage my colleagues to pass 
the NDAA, and I encourage our Presi-dent to work with Congress to keep Americans safe. 
Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
ZIVOTOFSKY V . KERRY DECISION  
Mr. COTTON. Madam President, ear-
lier this week, the Supreme Court 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.034 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4079 June 11, 2015 
wrongly decided the case of Zivotofsky 
v. Kerry, an unprecedented decision which impairs Congress’s role in for-eign policy and which is an affront to our close ally Israel. 
The Zivotofsky case concerned the 
executive branch’s refusal to imple-ment a 2002 law passed by Congress and signed by the President. The law re-quired State Department officials to offer U.S. persons born in Jerusalem the option of listing Israel as their lo-
cation of birth on passports and other consular documents. The State Depart-ment’s practice had been to list the place of birth only as Jerusalem, re-flecting the President’s policy of not recognizing any national sovereign au-thority over the Holy City. 
Despite the fact that a President 
signed the statute into law, the execu-tive branch has fought tooth and nail for 13 years to free itself from what it viewed as the heavy burden of writing the word ‘‘Israel’’ on one line in a tiny number of U.S. passports, and it argued its case all the way to the Supreme Court. 
In litigating the Zivotofsky case, it 
is no surprise that the President out-lined a maximalist vision for his power to steer the Nation’s foreign policy, leaving little room for the people’s rep-resentatives in Congress. But it was a surprise that the Supreme Court acqui-esced to the President’s position. 
Before Monday, in the entire 225-year 
history of our Nation, the Supreme Court had never sided with a Presi-dent’s blatant refusal to comply with a duly-passed statute affecting the con-duct of foreign affairs. This is a re-markable and disturbing break with precedent and one made through a poorly reasoned judicial opinion. The Court announced that the President possesses an exclusive constitutional power to recognize other nations and that this power crowds out any at-tempt by Congress to legislate in this area, including on how locations of birth are characterized on passports. 
But this conclusion suffers from a 
number of problems. The Court is sup-posed to only find a preclusive execu-tive power where such a power is clear-ly committed to the executive branch in our Constitution. But nowhere in the text of the Constitution is there a reference to a recognition power, let alone an allocation of such a power to the President alone. The Court ac-knowledges this in its opinion, so it in-stead finds the recognition power em-bedded in the constitutional provision stating that the President ‘‘shall re-ceive Ambassadors and other public Ministers.’’ But, as Alexander Ham-ilton wrote in Federalist 69, that provi-sion was understood to be a matter of ‘‘dignity,’’ not ‘‘authority’’ that would have ‘‘no consequence for the adminis-tration of government.’’ In other words, that provision does not imbue the President with a power; it imposes an obligation on him, and a ceremonial one at that. 
The provision furthermore appears in 
the section of the Constitution that imposes an array of obligations on the 
President, not the section investing him with any powers. Ironically, it ap-pears right before the provision that obligates the President to ‘‘take care that the Laws be faithfully executed.’’ I would assume the Framers believed that ‘‘the Laws’’ would include ones re-garding passports. 
I want to be very clear on this. The 
recognition power the Court identified is not enumerated in the text of the 
Constitution, and no one at the time of the founding believed it to be included. At the same time, the Constitution ex-plicitly entrusts Congress with grave international responsibilities, includ-ing the power to declare war and raise and support armies. These powers place the legislative branch in a central role in the conduct of our Nation’s foreign policy. The Supreme Court therefore stood on remarkably shaky ground when it announced a supposedly exclu-sive Presidential power—one that can nullify contrary congressional enact-ments. And it unwisely and indetermi-nately expanded the President’s un-checked discretion in the conduct of foreign affairs. That is a potentially dangerous opening, particularly with the current President. President Obama has shown an unhealthy pench-ant for granting unilateral concessions to longtime enemies abroad. That tend-ency cannot and must not go un-checked. 
Beyond the constitutional infirmities 
of the Court’s opinion, I want to com-ment on the broader issue in the back-ground of the Zivotofsky case. 
The executive branch based its re-
fusal to comply with the passport law on the fear that identifying a person born in Jerusalem as having been born in Israel would upend the peace proc-ess. The State Department declared that compliance with the law ‘‘would critically compromise’’ U.S. efforts to forge an agreement between Israel and the Palestinians, ‘‘significantly harm’’ our foreign policy, and ‘‘cause irrevers-ible damage’’ to the role of the United States as an honest broker. 
That is embarrassing hyperbole, and 
it is also complete nonsense. The role of an honest broker in negotiations is just that—to be honest. So let’s be hon-est. Israel’s seat of government is lo-cated in Jerusalem. Israel administers the entire city. Over 500,000 Israelis live and work in Jerusalem. The re-ality is that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel, and any final agreement— whether or not it includes some sort of sharing arrangement—will not change that. The United States and the world should not deny that reality; they should accept it and then begin the hard work of helping the parties forge a lasting peace. 
The role of an honest broker is to 
ground negotiations in truth. It is to quell unreasonable reactions and ex-pectations. It is to strip away issues that are peripheral and focus on those that are essential. 
That the President believes the des-
ignation of Jerusalem as a part of Israel on a passport can throw the en-
tire prospect of peace into a tailspin says much about his confidence in his abilities as a mediator, and it perhaps also says much about the current polit-ical climate in the Middle East, where deepened divisions would render re-newed talks at this point unproductive. 
Ultimately, a resolution of the 
Israel-Palestinian dispute should be reached, but progress toward that reso-lution will not move forward if the Pal-estinians remain unreasonably sen-sitive to peripheral issues such as pass-ports. It will not move forward if the President is afraid to speak the truth. It will not move forward if the United States Congress is restrained from add-ing a dose of reality to the conduct of our foreign affairs. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
TRANSPORTATION REAUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, we 
have 2 more weeks remaining before the scheduled district work period with regard to the Fourth of July. Then, when we come back from there, in the next work period there will be another deadline. The deadline I am referring to is the enactment of a 6-year trans-portation reauthorization bill. 
We have been talking about finding a 
6-year reauthorization solution now for over a year—well over a year. We have been working with short-term exten-sions. We had a 10-month extension that expired just recently. We did an-other 2-month extension with a com-mitment that our committees would work to come together, that Demo-crats and Republicans would work to come together for a 6-year reauthoriza-tion of the transportation programs for this country. 
My constituents are frustrated. I am 
frustrated. You see, I commute be-tween Baltimore and Washington every day. This community or this area has the second worst traffic congestion in the country. We desperately need a more robust Federal partner in dealing with the transportation challenges of my State and of every State in this country. We need to move forward with transit projects. Every person we can get to use mass transit is one less car on the road. 
It helps all of us. It helps our trans-
portation infrastructure and the wear and tear. It helps our environment. We have bridges that literally must be re-placed. In the southern part of my State, the Nice Bridge desperately 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.019 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4080 June 11, 2015 
needs to be replaced. That costs 
money. You need a Federal partner to do that. We have road maintenance and expansion issues in every State in this country. 
We have safety concerns that are not 
being addressed today. I would like to take my colleagues to some of the overpasses in Baltimore that need to be upgraded for the purposes of safety. Route 1 through College Park des-perately needs attention. In my State, there is Georgia Avenue and Randolph Road in Montgomery County and 301, a major artery on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, which need real serious safe-ty upgrades that are important. 
Each one of these is extremely expen-
sive. I know that every Senator could list dozens of projects in their own State that need to move forward for safety reasons. Then there is the issue of jobs. We all know that without the predictability of a 6-year program, transportation construction is delayed. That costs us not only construction jobs—and there are literally millions of construction jobs that depend upon the Federal partnership in transpor-tation—but the economic impact of a reauthorization of the surface trans-portation program. So many projects in Maryland are affected by this. 
But let me talk about one part of 
Maryland that does not always get the same attention, and that is the western part of our State. It is not where the real population of Maryland is located. But the completion of the Appalachia Highway, the north-south highway, is critically important to the economic future of western Maryland—and I might tell you also Pennsylvania and West Virginia. We need to get that done. 
Quite frankly, without a long-term 
reauthorization of the surface trans-portation program, I do not know if we will get that done. That means jobs. That means our economy. We know that we have to be more competitive as a country. We know we are involved in global competition. The countries that we compete with are putting much more of their economy into transpor-tation than we are into infrastructure. We must do a better job. 
Well, the Federal partnership in con-
structing the roads, the bridges, and the transit systems is called MAP–21. It expires at the end of July—again. This is not the first time. We have not reauthorized the 6-year program for a long time. We need a 6-year program. Why? Because when you enter into a transportation project, it is more than just a 2-month commitment or a 10- month commitment. Our States cannot go into these multiyear projects unless they know they have a Federal part-ner. The only way they know they have a Federal partner is if we give them the certainty of a 6-year reauthorization bill. 
So it is critically important. So what 
should we do? Starting now, the com-mittees of jurisdiction need to have hearings and working sessions and re-port out legislation. That should be 
done now. There needs to be a commit-ment as to what schedule will be fol-lowed so we do not miss this deadline. That was the commitment that the leadership gave us—that we will get this done in this 2-month period. 
Well, unless our committees are 
working to come together with legisla-tion—in the Environment and Public Works Committee, which both the Pre-siding Officer and I serve on, we need to bring out a bill. We have done it be-fore. The Senate Finance Committee, which I serve on, is responsible for the financial aspects on how we get to-gether on that. 
I am going to come back to that in 
one moment. Of course the banking committee is responsible for the tran-sit section, as are other committees in-volved. But let me make an observa-tion; that is, yes, we have to come out with a 6-year reauthorization. That is critical. We do not want any more short-term extensions. Secondly, it has to be a robust program. 
We know that if we just reauthorize 
at the current level, it will be inad-equate. We know that. We know that, each of us in talking to our State transportation agencies. They tell you they need a more robust Federal part-nership and that the challenges today are more expensive. And we have de-layed for so long that it is even more expensive. So we need to come to grips with a 6-year reauthorization but at a level that will allow for a stronger Fed-eral partnership. 
The President’s number is $478 billion 
over 6 years. I think that is a reason-able level. If we just have a level-fund-ed adjusted-for-inflation program, it would be $331 billion. I would hope that we would recognize that the additional $147 billion the President is talking about over 6 years is a modest increase but an important increase to the Fed-eral share to deal with our urgent needs of safety, economic development, jobs, and competitiveness. 
Now, here is the problem. As to the 
current revenues in the transportation trust fund, if we just use the $331 bil-lion, which is basically a freeze ad-justed for inflation for the next 6 years, there is a $97 billion gap. We do not have enough money projected in the transportation trust fund for a basi-cally stand-still 6-year reauthorization. We are $97 billion short. 
So we need to come to grips as to 
how we are going to fill that void. I said I serve on the Senate Finance Committee. There are lots of revenues that go into the trust fund that we should look at adjusting. There are other ideas about how we can bring in transportation revenues. I hope we look at all of that. Then there has been the recommendation that has been done by both Democrats and Repub-licans. We have to find a way to bridge the gap here. It does not do any good if we just have one party that agrees on how to deal with this. We all have to deal with it. It is incumbent upon the Republican 
leadership to get engaged in that de-bate—and the Democratic leadership. We have already said that we are open to the current revenues that go into the transportation trust fund. But there is one area that seems to be in agreement between Democrats and Re-publicans, and that is looking at inter-national reform. We have all talked about the fact that we have a lot of earnings from our corporations—Amer-ican corporations—that are trapped overseas because the companies have made a decision not to repatriate the money back into the United States be-cause it would be subject to a higher U.S. corporate tax rate. 
They do not want to pay that higher 
tax. That is a business decision made by U.S. businesses. Now, obviously, the way to solve that is to reform our busi-ness taxes here. Senator T
HUNE and I 
are cochairing a working group of the Senate Finance Committee to try to come to grips with that. It is going to be difficult for us to do that. You heard the numbers I have already given you. 
But every 1-percent reduction in the 
corporate tax rate costs about $100 bil-lion over 10 years. If you include relief for those who pay the personal tax rates for their business income, it is probably closer to $150 or $160 billion to get a 1-percent reduction in the cor-porate tax rate. So that is going to be challenging. 
In the meantime, there have been 
recommendations in order to unleash those funds: Why don’t we find a charge that is less than the full cor-porate tax for those revenues that are returned to the United States? We have Democrats and Republicans working together on a bill, including the Presi-dent, who has submitted that in his budget. He has submitted a toll charge for the revenues that are trapped over-seas that corporations would have to pay. 
That toll charge would be at a 14-per-
cent rate. Then he has projected a min-imum tax on foreign earnings at 19 per-cent that would have to be paid with certain reforms on trying to move the United States more to a territorial cor-porate tax rate. I mention that because I think there is interest by both Demo-crats and Republicans to take a look at reforming the way we tax foreign in-come for American companies so that we can have greater economic activity here in the United States. These pro-posals generate a significant amount of revenue, both one-time-only and per-manent revenue. 
I mention that because we could take 
a look at the international tax reform proposals. Democrats and Republicans have both submitted proposals on this. That could help us get to a robust 6- year reauthorization of the surface transportation bill. We could get that. My reason for mentioning it right now is this: Let’s talk about it. Let’s have the Republicans come to the table and talk about it also. Let’s not just wait these next 2 weeks, go into the work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.021 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4081 June 11, 2015 
period, come back, and be faced with 
another deadline with no game plan on how we are going to resolve it and say: We have to pass another short-term ex-tension so we can get together and talk about it. 
Let’s start talking about this now. I 
tell you that there are viable options. The one thing I found is that Demo-crats and Republicans agree that infra-structure is important and we have to have a stronger program in this coun-try for infrastructure. I always enjoy hearing from Senator I
NHOFE , the 
chairman of the Environment and Pub-lic Works Committee, a person with whom I came to the Congress. He says frequently that he may be a conserv-ative but when it comes to infrastruc-ture spending, it is important that we have a robust Federal program. 
Under his leadership and under Sen-
ator B
OXER ’s leadership, we have been 
able to bring out bills from the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee to reauthorize a 6-year program. The challenge is this: Can we find the rev-enue? Of course, there we need to work together as Democrats and Repub-licans. So I come to the floor to urge my colleagues: Let’s work together. That is what the American people ex-pect us to do. They expect us to work together to solve the problem. 
I don’t think there is a Member of 
the Senate who would disagree that we should have a robust reauthorization of a 6-year transportation program for this country, that our States need it, that our country needs it, and that we need it for our economy. Let’s put aside our own individual differences. Let’s sit down and work out a bill. Let’s start working it out now. Let’s not wait until the next deadline. 
I urge my colleagues to do this. That 
is what the American people want us to do. That is what we need to do to move this country forward. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I 
know we are on the national defense bill and, of course, national defense is ultimately about national security, and one of the concerns I have about national security and our national in-terests is the challenge of a nuclear- armed Iran. 
I came to the floor last week to say 
that when it comes to dealing with Iran—as we count down to the deadline for an agreement—the truth is always elusive. I said then that international inspectors reported that Tehran’s stockpile of nuclear fuel, rather than decreasing, actually increased by 20 percent. 
Now, in the last days before the 
agreement deadline is reached, David Albright, a well-respected expert on 
Iran’s nuclear program, in an article for the Institute for Science and Inter-national Security, says that the State Department’s explanation of Iran’s newly produced 3.5 percent enriched uranium falls short and that the State Department seemed to be making ex-cuses for the fact that Iran has not re-duced its enrichment level, which they agreed to do in the Joint Plan of Ac-tion. The fact is uranium enrichment, when taken to the maximum, can lead to bomb material. So reducing the en-richment level is critical, in terms of possible breakout time in Iran’s ability to develop a nuclear weapon. 
Albright says: 
The core of the State Department’s expla-
nation in the last few days appears to be that Iran meets the conditions of the Joint Plan of Action once it feeds newly produced low enriched uranium hexafluoride gas into the uranium conversion plan at Esfahan. . . . 
Now, to bring this down into lay 
terms, this conversion plant is there to take this enriched uranium—that if further enriched, can lead to bomb ma-terial—to transform the enriched ura-nium that can be prepared for potential nuclear material to an oxide form, and that is a form in which the bomb threat is dramatically reduced. 
But the Esfahan plant didn’t even be-
come operational until the fall of 2014, a year after it was supposed to have opened, and—conveniently for the Ira-nians—it is having operational difficul-ties, making it highly unlikely Iran can convert the low-enriched uranium hexafluoride, which we are concerned about, into enriched uranium dioxide used for making nuclear power reactor fuel. 
Put simply, at the end of the day, 
once again Iran will not have lived up to what they agreed to. 
Now, we knew from the beginning it 
was going to be a challenge. We knew it was going to be difficult for the Ira-nians to blend down their nuclear fuel, rather than to ship it out to another country, which so far they have refused to do. We knew it would be a concern if they weren’t able to convert low-en-riched uranium hexafluoride into the enriched uranium dioxide—the one in which, obviously, we have far less con-cerns. And, frankly, because that is ob-viously a problem, I am concerned, be-cause as the Albright article states, 
‘‘The amounts of LEU amount to about 4,000 kilograms of 3.5 LEU hexafluoride, enough to potentially make 2 to 3 nuclear weapons if further enriched to weapons-grade uranium.’’ 
Two to three nuclear weapons if fur-
ther enriched to nuclear-grade ura-nium. Now, I am concerned this is more blue smoke and mirrors that overlooked the real ambitions of an untrustworthy negotiating partner. I am concerned Iran is still saying it will not ship out excess low-enriched ura-nium but somehow blend it down and store it at the plant, which can’t pos-sibly blend down enough at this point to meet the requirements under the Joint Plan of Action. I am concerned this is more of an 
issue than the administration is will-ing to concede, particularly if, at the end, there is no deal and we, through sanctions relief, paid them to convert and then they walk away with massive amounts of low-enriched uranium that can be fed into their centrifuges and be easily converted to highly enriched uranium and on to weapons-grade ura-nium. 
According to David Albright: 
Based on the IAEA’s report— 
That is the International Atomic En-
ergy Administration’s report to mem-ber states— 
the problems in making enriched uranium 
oxide were apparent by the fall of 2014 . . . but the Administration decided not to make a major issue about the lack of oxide produc-tion. 
The article goes on to say: 
Concluding that Iran has met the Joint 
Plan of Action condition to convert to oxide newly-enriched up to 5 percent is incorrect. 
And it further says: 
In this case, the potential violation refers 
to Iran not producing the enriched oxide at the end of the initial six month period of the Joint Plan of Action and again after its first extension. 
This is a continuing quote: 
The choosing of a weaker condition which 
must be met cannot be a good precedent for interpreting more important provisions in a final deal. Moreover, it tends to confirm the view of critics that future violations of a long-term deal will be downplayed for the sake of generating or maintaining support for the deal. 
It says: 
The administration relied on a technical 
remedy that Iran had not demonstrated it could carry out. 
The article concludes: 
The State Department has some explaining 
to do. 
Now, the enrichment issue is one 
thing, but then there is the recently re-leased U.N. Security Council report on a whole host of the existing Security Council resolutions and mandates as it relates to Iran, and there are other problems as well. They are well docu-mented in this just recently released report; that Iran has continued to deny the legitimacy of Security Council res-olutions not addressed in the Joint Plan of Action; that Iran’s arms trans-fers have actively continued, raising concerns in particular in the region; that cases of noncompliance with the travel ban have also been observed; that Iran has continued certain nuclear activities, including enrichment and work at Arak; and that there is no progress by Iran in addressing possible military dimensions that had been agreed to be addressed by Iran and the International Atomic Energy Agency. The most troubling relates to allega-tions of large-scale high- explosives ex-perimentation at Parchin. 
The report goes on to talk about 
Iran’s missile technology. Here we have a sense from the U.N. Security Coun-cil’s report where it speaks to Iran’s missile capability. And I am using a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.022 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4082 June 11, 2015 
map here that I give credit to the New 
York Times for to demonstrate what that means. Iran has two kinds of bal-listic missiles capable of delivering a nuclear weapon, according to the re-port—the Ghadr missile, which is a variation of the liquid-fuel Shahab–3, with a range of about 1,600 kilometers, or 995 miles, and the other is the Sejil 
missile, with a range of about 2,000 kil-ometers, or about 1,250 miles. The first missile encompasses most of the gulf and certainly our ally, the State of Israel, as well as Afghanistan and Pakistan, not to mention Turkey, among others, and then the longer range missile actually goes as far as into Europe. And this is missile tech-nology that is still in development. As the U.N. Security Council report points out, we can see the range of Iran’s mis-siles and the potential military dimen-sions of its pursuits. 
Then there is the issue of arms em-
bargo violations and the transfer of conventional arms. For whatever rea-sons—and the report speculates that maybe member states, meaning mem-ber countries of the United Nations, don’t want to upset the apple cart of the negotiations—there have been no reports—even in the midst of very clear violations taking place, and those have been largely reported—from member states of the U.N. about the transfer of conventional arms by Iran. But the U.N. report nevertheless says that ‘‘the panel notes media reports pointing to continued military support and alleged arms transfers to Syria, Lebanon, Iraq and Yemen, and to Hezbollah and Hamas.’’ 
The report also says that a shipment 
of arms was confirmed by Massoud Barzani, president of Kurdistan’s re-gional government, who said: ‘‘We asked for weapons and Iran was the first country to provide [them].’’ This is a clear violation if ever there were one. 
According to the report, some mem-
ber states informed the panel that Iran’s nuclear procurement trends and circumvention techniques remain basi-cally unchanged. In fact, Great Britain informed the U.N. panel that they are aware of an active Iranian nuclear pro-curement network associated with Iran’s centrifuge technology company known as TESA and Kalay Electric Company, which are listed sanction en-tities under the U.N. Security Council resolutions. 
The report further says that member 
states have reported on the methods Iran has used and continues to use to carry out financial transactions below the radar to conceal any connection to Iran. Some states that import oil, for example, have authorized their banks to receive payments into accounts be-longing to the Central Bank of Iran. The funds were reportedly paid out against invoices for exports of goods to Iran although the goods were never ex-ported, meaning money was taken out and ultimately made its way to Iran even though they were not for payment of anything because nothing was 
shipped. 
The simple fact is—and there are 
many other examples in the U.N. Secu-rity Council report, to which I com-mend my colleagues’ attention—we can’t trust Iran to abide by its agree-ments or to abide by U.N. resolutions even when they are in the midst of ne-gotiations, when you would think they would be behaving the best. One would think they would want to put their best foot forward. Why would we think we can trust them if they are violating U.N. Security Council resolutions? That is the world—not the United States, not even the P5+1, but the world—telling them they can’t do these things or they violate an international order. So why would we think we could trust them not to enrich uranium, not to pursue a weapons program, and not to find any way possible to renege on any agreement they reach when they are violating existing Security Council resolutions? 
As I have said, I will come to the 
floor to reiterate my skepticism that Iran will not do all it can to pursue their agenda. I believe, rather, they will try to find a way to pursue their agenda, to play fast and loose with the truth, to hide the truth, to cover it up, and to buy time. Iran needs to be held responsible for its commitments—for-get about its work; its commitments. There can be no slippage, no delays, no obfuscation. That is how they suc-ceeded in the past in bringing them-selves to be on the verge of becoming a threshold nuclear state. 
So where do we go from here? It re-
mains to be seen whether compliance with that which has already been agreed to by the Iranians—even at this early stage while the world is watch-ing—can be realized or will it be ex-plained away. 
I intend to come to the floor again 
and again to hold Iran accountable for its actions and to keep a laser-like focus on the mullahs in Tehran. I fear that when that spotlight is off, when the press is gone, when the agreement is out of the headlines and the curtain closes on the P5+1 talks, Iran will pull back into the shadows. When that hap-pens and if it goes wrong, what will we do then? 
We haven’t seen the final agreement, 
so we will have to wait to make a final judgment on it. But if the final agree-ment follows in the line of the frame-work agreement, then we will have a set of circumstances where we will not be solving the problem. I think some of the experts who were before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee yester-day in a briefing admitted to the fact— and one or two of them are proponents of an agreement—they said this does not solve the problem but only kicks the problem down the road. 
Those are hard choices no matter 
what, but I would rather confront a country that is on the path to nuclear weapons before it gets it and when it is at its weakest point, not when it be-comes a country at its stronger point, 
with far more resources, with sanctions that have largely dissipated. And even with snapback provisions—which I think we should have, but several years 
down the road when the world has now engaged Iran in doing business and Iran has risen in its economy—its economy has already stopped its free-fall just on the basis of expectations—and it de-cides possibly to break out 3 or 4 years down the road, putting all of those international sanctions back together, as someone who was the author of those sanctions here in the Congress, I can tell you that is going to take a lot more work. There is no instantaneous snapback: Oh, we will put the sanctions back and they will have effect imme-diately. You have to tell the world, you have to give them notice that, in fact, there are sanctions back in effect. You have to tell companies now doing busi-ness and give them time to disinvest from those businesses. By the time you add that, if experience is a good barom-eter, we gave at a minimum 6 months’ lead time to tell the world this is going to be a sanctionable activity, and by the time we actually pursued enforce-ment and implementation of those, it was far beyond—close to a year. Well, that happens to be the time we are ac-tually vying for breakout time. 
So I am going to continue to come to 
the floor to continue to shine a spot-light on the challenges we have with Iran and on the shortcomings of the in-terim agreement as we hope for a good final agreement. But I will use the re-frain that the administration at one time used, which is that no agreement is better than a bad agreement, and that is what my concern is—that we are headed toward a bad agreement. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). The Senator from Arizona. 
EARMARKS  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise 
today to talk about a problem that, de-spite a congressional ban on the prac-tice, continues to plague our budget. That problem is earmarks. 
Back in 1986—just a little history les-
son here—as Congress engaged in a last-minute scramble to fund the gov-ernment, a Republican Congressman from Pennsylvania slipped an earmark into a massive spending bill. He turned a small exhibit of steam-powered trains, known as Steamtown USA, into a national park. Three decades, nearly $100 million, and one congressional ear-mark ban later, that project continues to cost taxpayers millions of dollars annually. The bridge to nowhere, the North Carolina teapot museum, the in-door rainforest in Iowa, and, yes, Steamtown USA, are among the many egregious earmarks that led fed-up tax-payers to press for a ban on this kind of spending. 
Like triceratops and velociraptors, 
earmarks that were declared extinct, fossilized relics of a bygone era, are somehow making a reappearance. What taxpayers and many in Congress didn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.024 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4083 June 11, 2015 
realize is that despite the successful 
ban on earmarks, we are still paying millions of dollars for the old ones. Through unexpended funds, carve-outs in the Tax Code, and grant awards, spending on past earmark projects and their recipients still roam the Federal budget landscape. 
Today, I am releasing a report—‘‘Ju-
rassic Pork’’—which will highlight the fossilized pork projects that are still embedded or buried deep in the Federal budget. It should serve as a reminder of the past scandals that brought about the extinction of earmarks and serve as a warning that the cost of earmarking often outlives the practice itself. 
‘‘Jurassic Pork’’ digs into just two 
dozen of the many earmarked projects and recipients of congressional bounty that continue to cost taxpayers mil-lions of dollars. 
Take for example the aptly named 
VelociRFTA, a bus rapid transit sys-tem in Colorado that covers the 40 miles between Aspen and Glenwood that began as an $810,000 earmark. Since the earmark ban took place in 2010, thanks to continued Federal fund-ing, this project—this vestige—has cost taxpayers $36 million. 
Also highlighted in the report is the 
American Ballet Theater, which sup-plemented a flow of Federal grant money with more than $800,000 in ear-marked funds from a Member of Con-gress who also happened to perform in one of the group’s recent productions. 
Then there are the 6,000 unspent 
highway earmarks representing $5.9 billion that sit idle in the Department of Transportation account. These in-clude pork projects such as the $600,000 Upper Delaware Scenic Byway Visitor Center in Cochecton, NY. Unfortu-nately for taxpayers, the visitor center ended up being built in Narrowsburg. Because the location was specified as Cochecton, the money will likely con-tinue to sit on the Federal Govern-ment’s ledger. 
Now, within these unspent transpor-
tation earmarks, there is a smaller group that is often referred to as ‘‘or-phan’’ earmarks. These are earmarks that have had less than 10 percent of their expended—or their anticipated funds spent over 10 years. According to the Congressional Research Service, 70 earmarks worth more than $120 million remain on the books, and in August 2015, more than 1,200 earmarks from the last major highway bill that was passed in 2005 will officially become or-phan earmarks. These represent $2 bil-lion in yet-to-be-spent funds. 
With the near bankrupt highway 
trust fund, Congress needs to find a way to permanently park these unspent funds. To that end, I have also introduced a Jurassic Pork Act, which will rescind funding for orphan ear-marks and will return this money to the highway trust fund. We all know the highway trust fund could use it about now. 
Now, like John Hammond, the bil-
lionaire CEO of the failed theme park in the first ‘‘Jurassic Park’’ film, not 
everyone in Congress is content to leave these as relics of the past. Not a year after the earmark ban was imple-mented in the Senate, the then-major-ity leader proclaimed: ‘‘I’ve done ear-marks all my career, and I’m happy I’ve done earmarks all my career.’’ 
Others from both sides of the aisle 
have argued that a return to ear-marking would help to lard up or incentivize votes. But taxpayers don’t exist for political horse trading or as a reward for powerful Members to dole out as tributes. Taxpayers need to re-main vigilant against all this kind of parochial spending, and we cannot re-turn to pork as we knew it. 
The moratorium on earmarks in 2010 
didn’t put an end to these kind of she-nanigans. But as readers of ‘‘Jurassic Pork’’ will see, the spending on their legacy continues. Taxpayers have al-ready seen the end of this movie. We don’t need to be treated to a sequel. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1473, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. LEE. I ask for regular order with 
respect to Vitter amendment No. 1473. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1687 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1473, AS 
MODIFIED  
Mr. LEE. I send a second-degree 
amendment, Lee amendment No. 1687, to the desk as a second-degree amend-ment to Vitter amendment No. 1473 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Utah [Mr. L EE] proposes 
an amendment numbered 1687 to amendment No. 1473, as modified. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide for the protecton and 
recovery of the greater sage-grouse, the conservation of lesser prairie-chicken, and the removal of endangered species status for the American burying beetle) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . PROTECTION AND RECOVERY OF 
GREATER SAGE GROUSE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘Federal resource manage-
ment plan’’ means— 
(A) a land use plan prepared by the Bureau 
of Land Management for public lands pursu-ant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); or 
(B) a land and resource management plan 
prepared by the Forest Service for National Forest System lands pursuant to section 6 of 
the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Re-sources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). 
(2) The term ‘‘Greater Sage Grouse’’ means 
a sage grouse of the species Centrocercus 
urophasianus . 
(3) The term ‘‘State management plan’’ 
means a State-approved plan for the protec-tion and recovery of the Greater Sage Grouse. 
(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is— 
(1) to facilitate implementation of State 
management plans over a period of multiple, consecutive sage grouse life cycles; and 
(2) to demonstrate the efficacy of the State 
management plans for the protection and re-covery of the Greater Sage Grouse. 
(c) E
NDANGERED SPECIES ACT OF 1973 F IND-
INGS.— 
(1) D ELAY REQUIRED .—Any finding by the 
Secretary of the Interior under clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of section 4(b)(3)(B) of the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533(b)(3)(B)) with respect to the Greater Sage Grouse made during the period begin-ning on September 30, 2015, and ending on the date of the enactment of this Act shall have no force or effect in law or in equity, and the Secretary of the Interior may not make any such finding during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on September 30, 2025. 
(2) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS .—The delay im-
posed by paragraph (1) is, and shall remain, effective without regard to any other stat-ute, regulation, court order, legal settle-ment, or any other provision of law or in eq-uity. 
(3) E
FFECT ON CONSERVATION STATUS .—Until 
the date specified in paragraph (1), the con-servation status of the Greater Sage Grouse shall remain warranted for listing under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), but precluded by higher-priority listing actions pursuant to clause (iii) of sec-tion 4(b)(3)(B) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533(b)(3)(B)). 
(d) C
OORDINATION OF FEDERAL LAND MAN-
AGEMENT AND STATE CONSERVATION AND MAN-
AGEMENT PLANS .— 
(1) P ROHIBITION ON MODIFICATION OF FED -
ERAL RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PLANS .—In 
order to foster coordination between a State management plan and Federal resource man-agement plans that affect the Greater Sage Grouse, upon notification by the Governor of a State with a State management plan, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may not amend or otherwise modify any Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal lands in the State in a manner inconsistent with the State management plan for a period, to be speci-fied by the Governor in the notification, of at least five years beginning on the date of the notification. 
(2) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT .—In the case of 
any State that provides notification under paragraph (1), if any amendment or modi-fication of a Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal lands in the State was issued during the one-year period pre-ceding the date of the notification and the amendment or modification altered manage-ment of the Greater Sage Grouse or its habi-tat, implementation and operation of the amendment or modification shall be stayed to the extent that the amendment or modi-fication is inconsistent with the State man-agement plan. The Federal resource manage-ment plan, as in effect immediately before the amendment or modification, shall apply instead with respect to management of the Greater Sage Grouse and its habitat, to the extent consistent with the State manage-ment plan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.025 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4084 June 11, 2015 
(3) D ETERMINATION OF INCONSISTENCY .—Any 
disagreement regarding whether an amend-ment or other modification of a Federal re-source management plan is inconsistent with a State management plan shall be resolved by the Governor of the affected State. 
(e) R
ELATION TO NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL  
POLICY ACT OF 1969.—With regard to any Fed-
eral action consistent with a State manage-ment plan, any findings, analyses, or conclu-sions regarding the Greater Sage Grouse or its habitat under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4331 et seq.) shall not have a preclusive effect on the approval or implementation of the Federal action in that State. 
(f) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later 
than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act and annually thereafter through 2021, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall joint-ly submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on the Secretaries’ implementation and effective-ness of systems to monitor the status of Greater Sage Grouse on Federal lands under their jurisdiction. 
(g) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of statute or regulation, this section, including determinations made under subsection (d)(3), shall not be subject to judicial review. 
SEC. lll . IMPLEMENTATION OF LESSER PRAI-
RIE-CHICKEN RANGE-WIDE CON-SERVATION PLAN AND OTHER CON-SERVATION MEASURES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C ANDIDATE CONSERVATION AGREE -
MENTS .—The terms ‘‘Candidate Conservation 
Agreement’’ and ‘‘Candidate and Conserva-tion Agreement With Assurances’’ have the meaning given those terms in— 
(A) the announcement of the Department 
of the Interior and the Department of Com-merce entitled ‘‘Announcement of Final Pol-icy for Candidate Conservation Agreements with Assurances’’ (64 Fed. Reg. 32726 (June 17, 1999)); and 
(B) sections 17.22(d) and 17.32(d) of title 50, 
Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). 
(2) R
ANGE -WIDE PLAN .—The term ‘‘Range- 
Wide Plan’’ means the Lesser Prairie-Chick-en Range-Wide Conservation Plan of the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, as endorsed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service on October 23, 2013, and published for comment on January 29, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 4652). 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(b) P ROHIBITION ON TREATMENT AS THREAT -
ENED OR ENDANGERED SPECIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
prior action by the Secretary, the lesser prairie-chicken shall not be treated as a threatened species or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) before January 31, 2021. 
(2) P
ROHIBITION ON PROPOSAL .—Effective be-
ginning on January 31, 2021, the lesser prai-rie-chicken may not be treated as a threat-ened species or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) unless the Secretary publishes a determination, based on the totality of the scientific evidence, that conservation (as that term is used in that Act) under the Range-Wide Plan and the agreements, pro-grams, and efforts referred to in subsection (c) have not achieved the conservation goals established by the Range-Wide Plan. 
(c) M
ONITORING OF PROGRESS OF CONSERVA -
TION PROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall mon-
itor and annually submit to Congress a re-port on progress in conservation of the lesser prairie-chicken under the Range-Wide Plan 
and all related— 
(1) Candidate Conservation Agreements 
and Candidate and Conservation Agreements With Assurances; 
(2) other Federal conservation programs 
administered by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, the Bureau of Land Man-agement, and the Department of Agri-culture; 
(3) State conservation programs; and (4) private conservation efforts. 
SEC. lll . REMOVAL OF ENDANGERED SPECIES 
STATUS FOR AMERICAN BURYING BEETLE. 
Notwithstanding the final rule of the 
United States Fish and Wildlife Service enti-tled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Determination of Endangered Status for the American Burying Beetle’’ (54 Fed. Reg. 29652 (July 13, 1989)), the American burying beetle shall not be listed as a threat-ened or endangered species under the Endan-gered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I suggest the 
absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The clerk will continue to call the 
roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
continued with the call of the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I am 
fully aware that we are not going to be able to get past a unanimous consent request, but I wanted to make sure the Chair knew and others know that we have an amendment that I will do the best I can to bring out. 
It is an amendment that already has 
21 cosponsors. There is a provision in the Senate bill that was put in by the Senate that is not in the House bill that has to do with commissaries. It is viewed upon as privatizing com-missaries. It is not really that. It is an attempt to evaluate the idea of the commissaries being privatized by using five commissaries as test cells to see what kind of result we would get if we did privatize them. 
What we are doing with my amend-
ment is taking it back—taking that language out—in order to go ahead with an assessment before we do that. It wouldn’t make sense to me that if we wanted to get this done, even if we felt very passionately about privatizing, that we would do it before we had an assessment. So the assess-ment would be first. 
We had a lot of discussion about this 
in the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee. As I said, we now have 21 co-sponsors who would like to reverse this so we can do the assessment and then make the determination. It is kind of interesting, even though 
most people say privatizing is not going to actually save or make any money, the amendment simply requires the assessment on privatizing before we make any significant changes to our servicemembers’ privatized com-missary benefits. This is something that is very popular among members of our service, wives, and husbands, when surveyed last year. Approximately, 95 percent of the servicemembers were using the commissaries to purchase household goods to achieve needed sav-ings in their family budgets with a 91- percent satisfaction rate. We don’t get 91 percent satisfaction rates around here very often. The language in this bill as it is now ignores the rec-ommendations made by the Military Compensation and Retirement Mod-ernization Commission that we are all very familiar with. In the report re-leased in January, it specifically stat-ed, in recommendation No. 8, ‘‘to pro-tect access and savings to DOD com-missaries and exchanges.’’ Well, that is exactly what we want to do. 
I have a very impressive list, which I 
will not read, of 41 organizations and associations, including labor unions, the Gold Star Widows, American Vet-erans, and others, and I ask unanimous consent that this list be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
ORGANIZATIONS SUPPORTING INHOFE /MIKULSKI  
AMENDMENT  
1. National Military and Veterans Alliance 
2. American Federation of Labor and Con-
gress of Industrial Organizations Teamsters 
3. The Coalition to Save Our Military 
Shopping Benefits 
4. National Guard Association of the 
United States 
5. Military Officers Association of America 6. American Federation of Government 
Employees 
7. Veterans of Foreign Wars 8. Armed Forces Marketing Council 9. American Logistics Association 10. American Military Retirees Association 11. American Military Society 12. American Retirees Association 13. Army and Navy Union 14. Gold Star Widows 15. International Brotherhood of Teamsters 16. Military Order of Foreign Wars 17. Military Order of the Purple Heart 18. National Association for Uniformed 
Services 
19. National Defense Committee 20. Society of Military Widows 21. The Flag and General Officers Network 22. Tragedy Assistance Program for Sur-
vivors 
23. Uniformed Services Disabled Retirees 24. Vietnam Veterans of America 25. Fleet Reserve Association 26. National Military Family Association 27. Military Officers Association of Amer-
ica 
28. The Retired Enlisted Association 29. Association of the United States Army 30. American Veterans 31. United States Army Warrant Officers 
Association 
32. Jewish War Veterans of the United 
States of America 
33. Association of the United States Navy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.003 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4085 June 11, 2015 
34. Air Force Sergeants Association 
35. Military Partners and Families Coali-
tion 
36. National Association for Uniformed 
Services 
37. American Military Retirees Association 38. The American Military Partner Asso-
ciation 
39. American Logistics Association 40. Reserve Officer Association 41. Air Force Association 
Mr. INHOFE. I also have a synopsis 
of letters of support that is from six different organizations, including the Military Officers Association of Amer-ica; the Armed Forces Marketing Coun-cil; the International Brotherhood of Teamsters; the American Federation of Government Employees, AFL–CIO; the American Military Retirees Associa-tion; and saveourbenefit.org. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the synopsis of these six let-ters representing these organizations be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MILITARY OFFICERS ASSOCIATION OF AMER-
ICA: ‘‘This amendment requires a study in 
lieu of the Senate Armed Service Committee (SASC) language that mandate a privatiza-tion pilot in at least five commissaries cho-sen from the commissary agency’s largest U.S. markets. MOAA commends this ap-proach. To conduct a privatization pilot without proper assessment could result in unintended consequences, putting this high-ly valued benefit at risk The commissary is a vital part of military compensation pro-viding a significant benefit to military fami-lies. The average family of four who shops exclusively at the commissary sees a savings of up to 30 percent.’’ 
A
RMED FORCES MARKETING COUNCIL : ‘‘What 
is at stake for military families: Loss of up to 30% savings on a market basket of prod-ucts for military families. That equates to over $4000 per year for a family of four. Loss of jobs for military family members. Over 60 percent of DeCA employees are military re-lated and their jobs are transferable, allow-ing them to retain their positions and se-niority when the military provides perma-nent change of station orders. Families would be required to pay sales taxes on gro-ceries. Loss of a cherished benefit that is en-joyed by 95% of the active force. Loss of traf-fic at commissaries will adversely impact sales in military exchanges by up to 40%. This will diminish the dividend that supports quality of life programs for military fami-lies.’’ 
I
NTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD OF TEAM-
STERS : ‘‘The commissary system is a vital 
benefit to our nation’s active military, their families, and veterans across the country. The system provides thousands of jobs for American Teamsters in the warehouse, ship-ping, and food distribution industries. Com-missaries also provide a needed benefit for military spouses and family members, who make up nearly 30 percent of Department of Commissary employees.’’ 
A
MERICAN FEDERATION OF GOVERNMENT EM-
PLOYEES (AFL–CIO): ‘‘The Department of De-
fense’s (DoD) commissaries and exchanges (Army and Air Force Exchange Service, AAFES) are an earned benefit treasured by military families and an important contrib-utor to their quality of life. The modest cost of providing military families with inexpen-sive but essential goods and services is al-most invisible in the Department’s overall budget. Given that privatization of the com-missaries has been repeatedly rejected by the executive and legislative branches and that this option was explicitly not rec-
ommended by a recent commission which looked comprehensively at the com-missaries, it makes no sense to begin to pri-vatize the commissaries before under-standing the impact on costs and services as well as morale and recruitment. Senator Inhofe’s amendment would wisely direct DoD to study the impact of privatization, and the Government Accountability Office to review the DoD’s finding, before the Department is directed to privatize the commissaries.’’ 
A
MERICAN MILITARY RETIREES ASSOCIATION : 
‘‘The American Military Retirees Associa-tion believes commissary and exchanges are a vital part of military pay and compensa-tion. Ninety percent of the military commu-nity uses these benefits and consistently rank[s] them as a top compensation benefit, yielding returns that far outweigh taxpayer support. They also provide critical jobs for military families and veterans—over 60 per-cent of employees are military affiliated— and provide healthy living alternatives both stateside and overseas.’’ 
S
AVEOURBENEFIT .ORG: ‘‘The Inhofe-Mikul-
ski amendment offers a sensible, pragmatic and thoughtful approach to examining pri-vate operation of military commissaries. Senators Inhofe and Mikulski are right. Study before deciding to implement. Nearly 40 organizations—representing tens of mil-lions of active duty, Guard and Reserve, re-tirees, military families, veterans and sur-vivors—agree. The Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission (MCRMC) surveyed the private sector and found no interest among major retailers to operate on military bases. The Commission, chartered by the Senate, found that com-missaries were worth preserving and rec-ommended changes to the current struc-ture—not privatization.’’ 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, it is my 
intention, as soon as we get to the point where we can get into the queue and get unanimous consent to set the current business aside—it would be my intention to do that to consider this amendment. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the cloture vote on amendment No. 1569 be moved to 3 p.m. today. I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to call up the following amendments: Ernst No. 1549, Gillibrand No. 1578, Whitehouse No. 1693, Fischer- Booker No. 1825, Collins No. 1660, Cardin No. 1468; that at 11 a.m. on Tuesday, June 16, the Senate vote in relation to the following amendments in the order listed: Fischer-Booker No. 1825; Collins No. 1660; Cardin No. 1468; Gillibrand No. 1578; Ernst No. 1549; Whitehouse No. 1693; Durbin No. 1559, as modified; and Paul No. 1543; that there be no second-degree amendments in order to any of these amendments prior to the votes, and that the Gilli-brand, Ernst, Whitehouse, Durbin, and Paul amendments require a 60-affirma-tive-vote threshold for adoption; also, that there be 2 minutes equally divided 
between the votes and that all votes after the first be 10 minutes in length. 
I further ask that notwithstanding 
rule XXII, the cloture vote on the McCain substitute amendment No. 1463 occur at 3 p.m. on Tuesday, June 16. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object, and I initially say to my impatient friend, he has to be patient and allow me to say a few words. During the short time we have been in the minority, we have behaved in a way that I think is proper for a re-sponsible minority. For example, on this bill dealing with the authorization of our defense capacity in the United States, we have been very clear how we support the troops. But remember, we have this little difficult issue. The President of the United States has said he is going to veto this bill. So we have worked through all this with that in mind. Having said that, in spite of that, we did not ask for a cloture vote on the motion to proceed. When we were in the majority, having the mi-nority not do that was a big day. It happened extremely rarely. We have been doing that consistently—with some exceptions but not many. 
On this Defense bill, we have allowed 
amendments to become pending. There are a dozen or so pending right now. We have allowed the Senate to conduct votes. We have allowed managers’ amendments to be cleared—lots of them. We have reacted in a responsible way. We have no regret for having done that. 
The two managers were working to-
gether to get amendments pending in a mutually agreed-upon fashion when out of the blue, up comes this cyber se-curity amendment. It was also done in a very unusual way where Senator B
URR employed parliamentary devices 
to get the cyber security bill pending to where we are right now. We could 
have been playing around all week with our offering amendments, but I have always felt that it should be done ex-tremely rarely, for the minority to do something like that. We could have done that. 
If you look at the amendments that 
have been offered by us Democrats, they are all, with rare exception, deal-ing with the security of this Nation— not sage grouse, not all the other things the Republicans have brought up in this bill. 
To say that the Ex-Im Bank and the 
cyber security amendments have im-peded progress is a gross understate-ment. The cyber security bill is a major bill in its own way—a major bill. I can speak with some authority in this regard. Five years ago, I got every committee chair who had jurisdiction over this subject and we met over a pe-riod of days to come up with a cyber security bill. We did that. Republicans stopped us. We kept getting a smaller 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.025 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4086 June 11, 2015 
group of people involved as we were 
narrowing the bill, and we actually were scheduled to finally have a vote on the cyber security bill. It wasn’t as good as I thought we should have, but it was an important bill. And what happened on that? The chamber of commerce made a call to some of the Republican leaders in the Senate, and suddenly that bill was gone and we were voting on another ObamaCare amendment that, of course, went no-where. 
But we have tried cyber security. The Intelligence Committee reported 
out this bill, and I appreciate that they did. It was on a bipartisan basis, but it also contains a lot of matter within the jurisdiction of other committees—for example, the Homeland Security Com-mittee and the Judiciary Committee. 
To her credit, the ranking member, 
Senator F
EINSTEIN , recognized that and 
went to the Democrats and said: We will work with you and make sure the problems you have with this bill when it gets to the floor—we will work with you on this. 
Senator F
EINSTEIN is a person of her 
word. I know she will do that, and she will do that. 
This morning, the Republican leader, 
who is on the floor, was saying that we just had an attack on 4 million people and that it is Obama’s fault. I think that is stretching things a little bit, es-pecially recognizing that I have only given a brief travel through the times we have tried to get up the cyber secu-rity legislation. We should take the time to do it right. 
I have told the chairman of the 
Armed Services Committee, and I have checked with our ranking member of the Finance Committee, who is ex-tremely interested—and hasn’t been for 10 minutes or 10 days or 10 months but 10 years—in privacy. He has been our leader on privacy on this side of the aisle, and he believes we could finish it, if we had a free shot at this cyber bill, in a couple of days—and I agree with him—at the most. So we are not trying to avoid cyber. I believe—we believe it is an important part of what we need to do. But we should take time to do it right. We should not be tacking this important piece of legislation onto a bill the President has already said he is going to veto just so the Republicans can blame Obama for vetoing this bill as well. 
If the majority would withdraw their 
cyber amendment and agree to take it up after this bill, we could do it in a couple of days and then we could re-turn to working on the Defense bill. But we cannot take up all these new amendments my friend the chairman of the committee wants to set up votes on—we have the 9 he talks about, plus 6; that is 15—until we resolve this mat-ter dealing with cyber security. 
So without belaboring the point—and 
I appreciate my impatient friend being patient with me and listening to me go through all of this—I ask the majority leader or my friend the chairman of the Armed Services Committee if he would 
modify his consent request as follows. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the cloture motion with re-spect to amendment No. 1569—that is cyber security—as modified, be with-drawn; that the pending amendment No. 1569—again, that is cyber secu-rity—as modified, be withdrawn; and that upon the disposition of H.R. 1735, the Defense authorization bill, the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 28, S. 754. That is the bill which came out of the Intelligence Committee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, re-
serving the right to object, I am going to propose a modification of the con-sent request propounded by the Demo-cratic leader: that following disposi-tion of H.R. 2685, the Defense appro-priations bill, the Senate turn to con-sideration of S. 754, the cyber security measure reported by the Senate Intel-ligence Committee. I further ask that there be 10 relevant amendments to be offered by each bill manager or des-ignee, with 1 hour of debate followed by a vote on the amendments offered, with a 60-vote threshold on those amend-ments that are not germane to the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the request of the major-ity leader? 
The minority leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object to my friend’s modi-fication, I repeat, the cyber security bill is important and the Senate should turn to it, but putting it after the De-fense appropriations bill is a false promise. It is a facade. I think it is very clear. I heard the Republican lead-er give a speech on the floor today that he knows, unless there are some changes made, we are not going to get on the Defense appropriations bill. So this is a false promise. 
If we could do it in a more specific, 
determined time, that would be one thing, but the Republican leader obvi-ously has no plan to complete the De-fense appropriations bill if this is how we are proceeding; rather, they are pro-ceeding ahead with his partisan budget plan—a plan the President said will not become law. 
Until Republicans sit down to work 
out a bipartisan Senate budget, the Senate will not finish the Defense au-thorization bill. Once again, the right way to do this would be to consider the cyber security bill on its own merits after the Defense authorization bill is done. It would take 2 days. 
So I ask the majority leader if he 
would modify his consent request to the following: that upon disposition of the Defense authorization bill, H.R. 1735, the Senate proceed to consider-ation of Calendar No. 28, S. 754, which is the cyber security bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, re-
serving the right to object, and I will object, I will point out that the De-
fense appropriations bill was reported out of the Appropriations Committee today with only three members voting against it. There was a lot of discus-sion about the Democratic leader say-ing ‘‘We are not going to pass the bill,’’ but when the votes were counted, only three members—all on the Democratic side but only three—voted against re-porting the bill out of committee. 
My good friend the Democratic lead-
er and I have had this discussion back and forth, but one of the advantages of being in the majority is that we set the schedule, and we are going to do the Defense appropriations bill after we do the Defense authorization bill; there-fore, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the request of the major-ity leader? 
Mr. REID. Yes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Does the Senator from Arizona mod-
ify his request with the request of the Democratic leader? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, may I 
make a couple of comments real quick before the distinguished majority lead-er modifies his request? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I would remind my 
good friend from Nevada, the Demo-cratic leader, for the last 2 years we took up the Defense authorization bill, and it was taken up so late there was not a single amendment—not a single, solitary amendment on the Defense au-thorization bill for the last 2 years. So I understand the Democratic leader’s commitment to amendments. It is too bad that for 2 years we never had a sin-gle amendment to the Defense author-ization bill. 
As far as relevant amendments are 
concerned, one of the things about this body is that everybody has the right to propose an amendment until their amendments are not made germane. The three pending Democratic amend-ments we have now on the bill are not germane. 
So all I can say is that I hope we can 
get a modification. I hope we can move forward. 
I just wish to point out one more 
time what I know that my colleagues have heard over and over, and I will make it brief. Henry Kissinger testified before the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee that the world has never been in more crises. This world is at risk, and we have to—we have to protect the men and women who are serving in our security. I would argue that a national defense authorization act is probably more important now than it has been at any time in recent history. 
I refuse to modify my request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the Senator’s original re-quest? 
Mr. REID. Which Senator? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.039 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4087 June 11, 2015 
Mr. REID. Yes, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the cloture vote on amendment No. 1569 be moved to 3 p.m. today and that the mandatory quorum call be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I will be ex-
tremely brief. We can have a debate here. We can look at all the press clip-pings of both sides on what happened in the last 2 years on Defense authoriza-tion. We didn’t get a bill. We got a bill, but it was done in secret by the man-agers of the two bills in the House and the Senate. The reason that hap-pened—it wasn’t our fault. They wouldn’t let us on the bill—‘‘they’’ meaning the Republicans. So we can debate that all we want. Those are the facts. 
I do not object to my friend’s re-
quest. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The majority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk on the McCain substitute amendment No. 1463. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the McCain amendment No. 1463 to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John McCain, Richard 
C. Shelby, Jeff Flake, John Barrasso, John Cornyn, Mike Rounds, Jeff Ses-sions, Shelley Moore Capito, Lamar Alexander, Lindsey Graham, Joni Ernst, John Hoeven, Roger F. Wicker, Kelly Ayotte, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk with respect to the underlying House bill, H.R. 1735. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close debate on H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John McCain, Richard 
C. Shelby, Jeff Flake, John Barrasso, John Cornyn, Mike Rounds, Jeff Ses-sions, Shelley Moore Capito, Lamar Alexander, Lindsey Graham, Joni Ernst, John Hoeven, Roger F. Wicker, Kelly Ayotte, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1569, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 
just a moment, the Senate will con-
sider an important cyber security measure. I urge every one of my col-leagues to support it. 
USA TODAY recently cited a cyber 
security expert who noted that this Senate legislation has the potential to greatly reduce the number of victims targeted by the kinds of hackers we have seen in recent years. It contains modern tools to help deter future at-tacks against both the government and the private sector, to provide them with knowledge to erect stronger de-fenses, and to get the word out faster about attacks when they are detected. 
The top Democrat on the Intelligence 
Committee reminded us that the cyber security measure before us would also protect individual privacy and civil lib-erties. She has urged Congress to ‘‘act quickly’’ to deter a threat that is lit-erally impossible to overstate. 
The White House has also urged Con-
gress to act. 
The new Congress has been asked to 
act, and today we are, with a good, strong, transparent, bipartisan meas-ure which has been thoroughly vetted by both parties in committee and which has been available for months— literally months—for anyone to read. It was endorsed by nearly every Demo-crat and every Republican on the Intel-ligence Committee, 14 to 1. It is also backed by a broad coalition of sup-porters, everyone from the chamber of commerce to the United States Telecom Association. 
It is legislation that is all about pro-
tecting our country, which is why it makes perfect sense to consider it alongside defense legislation with the very same aim. Cyber security amend-ments can be offered, and the debate will continue. 
So let’s work together to advance 
this measure. There are now 4 million extra reasons for Congress to act quickly. The sooner we do, the sooner we can conference it with similar legis-lation that passed the House and get a good cyber security law enacted to help protect our country. The opportunity to begin doing that will come in a few moments with a vote for cloture on this bipartisan cyber security bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The minority leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, we have on 
the Senate floor an authorization bill for about $600 billion—Defense author-
ization for about $600 billion. I can’t imagine the procedural games, the chi-canery involved in this. Why did we yesterday have on this bill something on Ex-Im Bank? Was it just to check it off so they could say we tried and Democrats wouldn’t let us do it? Why would we have on this $600 billion bill dealing with the security of this Na-tion something else that also deals with the security of this Nation and that deserves a separate piece of legis-lation so we can have amendments and talk about that? We have agreed to do it in a very short period of time. 
There is no good reason for doing it 
this way. We should limit the matter at hand to the Defense authorization bill at some $600 billion, and then we have agreed to go to cyber security. We are willing to do that. But I cannot imagine—I cannot imagine—why the Republican leader is doing this. It makes a mockery of the legislative process. 
Mr. WYDEN. Will the leader yield for 
a question? 
Mr. REID. I will be happy to yield to 
the ranking member of the committee for a question. 
Mr. WYDEN. Leader, I strongly op-
pose cloture on this cyber measure and I want to ask the Senator a question. 
I think we all understand how dan-
gerous hackers are. They are increas-ingly sophisticated. The most dan-gerous hackers rarely use the same technique twice. I believe what the Senator is saying is we can’t deal with this responsibly by stapling the cyber bill to something else. Is that one of the key reasons the leader is opposing this? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
has expired. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, respect-
fully, I suggest we are on leader time now. My time is protected—or used to be—and the Senator asked me a ques-tion. I yielded to him for a question. He should have the right to answer the question. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection it is so ordered. 
Mr. WYDEN. I will be very brief. I oppose cloture on the cyber meas-
ure. I think what the leader is saying is that the cyber measure is so serious we shouldn’t deal with it by stapling it to something else. It is so important we ought to have an opportunity over that 2-day period to deal with it separately; is that the leader’s view? 
Mr. REID. Without any question. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on amend-ment No. 1569, as modified, to the McCain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.040 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4088 June 11, 2015 
amendment No. 1463 to H.R. 1735, an act to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of En-ergy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, Lamar Alexander, 
John Cornyn, Orrin G. Hatch, David Perdue, Bob Corker, Michael B. Enzi, Susan M. Collins, Jeff Flake, Mike Rounds, Richard Burr, David Vitter, James M. Inhofe, Daniel Coats, John McCain, Deb Fischer, Tom Cotton. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on amendment No. 1569, as modified, offered by the Sen-ator from Arizona, Mr. M
CCAIN, for the 
Senator from North Carolina, Mr. B
URR, to the substitute amendment 
No. 1463, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ) and 
the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 56, 
nays 40, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 207 Leg.] 
YEAS—56 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Nelson Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker 
NAYS—40 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kaine Lee Markey McCaskill Menendez Mikulski Murphy Murray Paul Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Cruz 
Leahy Merkley 
Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 56, the nays are 40. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
WELCOMING VISITORS FROM WHEATON COLLEGE  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, now that 
we concluded the vote, I would like to announce for the R
ECORD that I am 
privileged and honored to be able to host a number of people from my alma mater, Wheaton College. The board of trustees is holding a meeting here in Washington. They are visiting the Cap-itol and we are about to go on a tour. 
I want to thank them for their serv-
ice to our college and to America. They are spending a good amount of time here working through issues that are very important to the school. Wheaton College is an evangelical school that has been true to the faith in dealing with the challenges that exist today. I am pleased to be able to acknowledge that they are here visiting the Capitol, and enjoying the sites of Washington while making some tough decisions. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
(The remarks of Mr. S
ANDERS per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1564 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
FEDERAL VEHICLE REPAIR COST SAVINGS ACT  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise to 
urge my colleagues to support the bi-partisan legislation I introduced with my colleague Senator L
ANKFORD , the 
Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Savings Act. 
I am pleased the Senate is consid-
ering the first bill I introduced as a Senator, which was approved by the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee on a unanimous vote earlier this year. 
I appreciate Senator L
ANKFORD  
partnering with me to work on this legislation in committee and as it has moved to the Senate floor. I look for-ward to continuing to work with him as a member of the subcommittee he chairs, the Regulatory Affairs and Fed-eral Management Subcommittee. 
I also appreciate that my colleague 
from Michigan Representative H
UIZENGA has introduced bipartisan 
companion legislation in the House of Representatives. 
The Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Sav-
ings Act is a bipartisan, commonsense measure that will help save taxpayers money and promote conservation by encouraging Federal agencies to use re-manufactured auto parts when they are maintaining their fleets of vehicles. 
In addition to saving money, this leg-
islation also supports remanufacturing suppliers and their employees in Michi-
gan and across the country. Remanu-factured parts are usually less expen-sive than similar parts and have been returned to same-as-new condition using a standardized industrial process. 
The United States is the largest pro-
ducer, consumer, and exporter of re-manufactured goods. Remanufacturing of motor vehicle parts accounts for over 30,000 full-time U.S. jobs, and our country employs over 20,000 workers remanufacturing off-road equipment. 
In addition to the cost savings using 
remanufactured parts, it also has sig-nificant environmental benefits. Re-manufacturing saves energy by reusing raw materials such as iron, aluminum, and copper. On average, the remanufac-turing process saves approximately 85 percent of the energy and material used to manufacture equivalent new products. 
I urge my colleagues to support S. 
565, the Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Savings Act, commonsense legislation that is good for taxpayers, our environ-ment, and American manufacturers. 
Mr. President, I also rise to support 
the bipartisan Ayotte-Peters amend-ment to authorize bilateral research and development with Israel on anti- tunnel capabilities. 
I appreciate Senator A
YOTTE ’s efforts 
to work together on this critical mat-ter of national security. Israel remains our closest ally in the Middle East, and this amendment will further our shared cooperation to increase security for both Americans and Israelis. 
Our ally Israel faces significant 
threats from underground tunnels built by terrorists intent on murdering inno-cent Israelis. Hamas and Hezbollah threaten Israel with an extensive net-work of sophisticated tunnels which are used to smuggle weapons and carry out kidnappings and attacks against Israeli citizens. 
These are not simple tunnels dug by 
hand with shovels. These tunnels cost millions of dollars and are built with thousands of tons of concrete. Often they are built using resources intended for humanitarian purposes in Gaza but are instead diverted to terrorist activ-ity. They are constructed with machin-ery designed to avoid detection. In some cases, Hamas has filled the tun-nels with provisions to last several months. The Israeli Defense Forces called the tunnels underneath Gaza an underground city of terror. 
Bomb attacks from tunnels dug by 
terrorist organizations are a growing threat to forward deployed U.S. forces and our diplomatic personnel abroad. Terrorists carry out these attacks by digging tunnels underneath a target and detonating explosives. 
Earlier this week, the publication 
Defense One reported that ISIS is also using tunnel bombs as a tactic, deto-nating at least 45 tunnel bombs in Iraq and Syria over the last 2 years. 
We face threats from tunnels on 
American soil as well. Our own Border Patrol and law enforcement on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.041 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4089 June 11, 2015 
southern border are up against drug 
smugglers, human traffickers, and other global criminal organizations using tunnels to sneak drugs, weapons, and people across our border illegally. 
I serve on the Homeland Security 
Committee and understand the threat our Border Patrol agents and law en-forcement face from transnational criminal organizations using tunnels along our southern border. These criminals flow to the path of least re-sistance, and as our border security ef-forts address one threat, they seek other methods to avoid detection and continue their criminal activity. 
When the U.S. Border Patrol blocked 
drug smugglers and human traffickers from utilizing existing drainage tun-nels, the criminals began digging their own tunnels. We need to stay ahead of these threats, and that is why we must conduct critical research and develop-ment so we can detect and destroy these dangerous tunnels. 
This amendment will authorize joint 
research and development with Israel on anti-tunnel capabilities. This joint approach will help us work together on research and development against this shared threat. 
The amendment requires Israel to 
share in the cost of this research and provides a framework for sharing intel-lectual property developed together be-fore action is carried out. This amend-ment will allow the Department of De-fense to work with Israel to develop a capability that will be used to protect our homeland and our troops abroad as well as those of our ally. 
This amendment will make clear 
that joint research and development on anti-tunnel capabilities can and should be part of our security cooperation with Israel. It will also send a strong message that the Senate recognizes the threat posed by tunnels intended for attacks against Israel, and this co-operation will help us secure our own borders as well. 
I urge all my colleagues to support 
the Ayotte-Peters amendment No. 1628. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that amendment No. 1569, as modified, be withdrawn; that the next first-degree amendments in order to H.R. 1735, the Defense au-thorization bill, be the Gillibrand amendment No. 1578 and the Ernst amendment No. 1549; and that the Gillibrand and Ernst amendments be subject to a 60-affirmative-vote thresh-old. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. AMENDMENT NO . 1549 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I call up 
the Ernst amendment No. 1549. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arizona [Mr. M CCAIN], 
for Mrs. E RNST , proposes an amendment 
numbered 1549 to amendment No. 1463. 
Mr. M CCAIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide for a temporary, emer-
gency authorization of defense articles, de-fense services, and related training di-rectly to the Kurdistan Regional Govern-ment) 
At the end of section 1229, add the fol-
lowing: 
(c) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy 
of the United States to promote a stable and unified Iraq, including by directly providing the Kurdistan Regional Government mili-tary and security forces associated with the Government of Iraq with defense articles, de-fense services, and related training, on an emergency and temporary basis, to more ef-fectively partner with the United States and other international coalition members to de-feat the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). 
(d) A
UTHORIZATION .— 
(1) M ILITARY ASSISTANCE .—The President, 
in consultation with the Government of Iraq, is authorized to provide defense articles, de-fense services, and related training directly to Kurdistan Regional Government military and security forces associated with the Gov-ernment of Iraq for the purpose of supporting international coalition efforts against the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and any successor group or associated forces. 
(2) D
EFENSE EXPORTS .—The President is au-
thorized to issue licenses authorizing United States exporters to export defense articles, defense services, and related training di-rectly to the Kurdistan Regional Govern-ment military and security forces described in paragraph (1). For purposes of processing applications for such export licenses, the President is authorized to accept End Use Certificates approved by the Kurdistan Re-gional Government. 
(3) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE .—Assistance au-
thorized under paragraph (1) and exports au-thorized under paragraph (2) may include anti-tank and anti-armor weapons, armored vehicles, long-range artillery, crew-served weapons and ammunition, secure command and communications equipment, body armor, helmets, logistics equipment, excess defense articles and other military assist-ance that the President determines to be ap-propriate. 
(e) R
ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING AUTHORI -
TIES.— 
(1) R ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING AUTHORI -
TIES.—Assistance authorized under sub-
section (b)(1) and licenses for exports author-ized under subsection (d)(2) shall be provided pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) and the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.), notwithstanding any requirement in such applicable provisions of law that a recipient of assistance of the type authorized under subsection (d)(1) shall be a country or international organization. In ad-dition, any requirement in such provisions of law applicable to such countries or inter-national organizations concerning the provi-sion of end use retransfers and other assur-ance required for transfers of such assistance 
should be secured from the Kurdistan Re-gional Government. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION AS PRECEDENT .—Nothing 
in this section shall be construed as estab-
lishing a precedent for the future provision of assistance described in subsection (d) to organizations other than a country or inter-national organization. 
(f) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 45 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that includes the following: 
(A) A timeline for the provision of defense 
articles, defense services, and related train-ing under the authority of subsections (d)(1) and (d)(2). 
(B) A description of mechanisms and proce-
dures for end-use monitoring of such defense articles, defense services, and related train-ing. 
(C) How such defense articles, defense serv-
ices, and related training would contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States, as well as impact security in the region. 
(2) U
PDATES .—Not later than 180 days after 
the submittal of the report required by para-graph (1), and every 180 days thereafter through the termination pursuant to sub-section (i) of the authority in subsection (d), the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report up-dating the previous report submitted under this subsection. In addition to any matters so updated, each report shall include a de-scription of any delays, and the cir-cumstances surrounding such delays, in the delivery of defense articles, defense services, and related training to the Kurdistan Re-gional Government pursuant to the author-ity in subsections (d)(1) and (d)(2). 
(3) F
ORM.—Any report under this sub-
section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, 
the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(g) N
OTIFICATION .—The President should 
provide notification to the Government of Iraq, when practicable, not later than 15 days before providing defense articles, de-fense services, or related training to the Kurdistan Regional Government under the authority of subsection (d)(1) or (d)(2). 
(h) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—In this sec-
tion, the terms ‘‘defense article’’, ‘‘defense service’’, and ‘‘training’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 47 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794). 
(i) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to provide 
defense articles, defense services, and related training under subsection (d)(1) and the au-thority to issue licenses for exports author-ized under subsection (d)(2) shall terminate on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Mr. M CCAIN. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.047 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4090 June 11, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 1578 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1463 
(Purpose: To reform procedures for deter-
minations to proceed to trial by court- martial for certain offenses under the Uni-form Code of Military Justice. 
Mr. REED. I ask that the pending 
amendment be set aside and on behalf of Senator G
ILLIBRAND I call up amend-
ment No. 1578. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. R EED], 
for Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , proposes an amendment 
numbered 1578 to amendment to 1463. 
Mr. REED. I ask unanimous consent 
that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of June 3, 2015, under ‘‘Text of 
Amendments.’’) 
Mr. REED. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, as is ob-
vious, we have an agreement to votes on both the Gillibrand and Ernst amendments. I would imagine it may require a recorded vote, but I am not positive. Then, we are planning on moving forward with additional amend-ments as agreed to by both sides and a managers’ package as well. That is our intention. I am told that at some point there may be a cloture motion on the bill as well. 
So I wish to thank the Senator from 
Rhode Island for his continued coopera-tion, and hopefully we can get as many Members’ amendments as possible up and voted on and finish the bill, at the soonest, next week. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I await the impressive 
and loquacious and convincing words of the Senator from Texas. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the comments of my friend from Arizona, but if I am going to be as lo-quacious as he suggested, it may take me a little more than 10 minutes, so I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, over the 
last few days, this Chamber has been discussing the Defense authorization bill, thus fulfilling one of our basic re-
sponsibilities as part of the Federal Government; that is, our national secu-rity, and in the process making sure our warfighters—the people who are on the cutting edge of the knife, so to speak, in terms of our national secu-rity—have the resources we are mor-ally committed and duty-bound to pro-vide them. 
So when voting for the Defense au-
thorization bill, we as legislators are fulfilling our responsibilities, just as those who wear the uniform are per-forming their duties—no more, no less—although I must say ours is a tad safer than they are experiencing, to be sure. 
With so much at stake for the secu-
rity of our country, the well-being of our folks in uniform as well as the fam-ilies of those servicemembers hanging in the balance, as I mentioned yester-day, it is particularly disappointing that the Democratic leader has charac-terized the discussion of this bill as ‘‘a waste of time.’’ I really have to believe he would want to take those words back because it certainly is not a waste of time. 
Unfortunately, it is becoming more 
and more evident that the threats of the Democratic leader and the Presi-dent of the United States to stall Re-publicans’ efforts to get this bill passed quickly is just the first step to a larger political strategy. The reason I know that is not because it just occurred to me—an epiphany—it is because they said so in the pages of the Washington Post just yesterday. 
The headline says it all: ‘‘Democrats 
prepare for filibuster summer.’’ That is the headline in the Washington Post yesterday. 
The article goes on to say: ‘‘Demo-
crats have decided to block all spend-ing bills starting with the defense ap-propriations measure headed to the floor next week.’’ 
So imagine my surprise when yester-
day the Democratic leader came to the floor and accused Republicans of threatening to shut down the govern-ment, the same day his colleague, the senior Senator from New York, de-tailed their strategy to block all appro-priations bills, in the Washington Post. 
One thing we have to love about our 
friends across the aisle: They are not unclear, nor are they timid, about tell-ing us what their plans are. Indeed, it is there for the world to read and for us to read. 
But let me say it again. Hours after 
the Democratic leader laid out their plans to filibuster all government spending bills, their leader claimed Re-publicans were the ones threatening a shutdown. 
This type of cynical political maneu-
vering is what the American people so soundly rejected in the last election on November 4. Stifling debate and shut-ting down the Senate are not what the American people sent us to do, and it is certainly not what my constituents ex-pect me to do on their behalf. Today, our colleagues across the 
aisle have now blocked an amendment that would provide for greater sharing of information to address the rampant and growing cyber threat this country faces. The sharing of cyber threat in-formation will help us as a country deter future cyber attacks, and it helps both the public and the private sector to act in a more nimble way when at-tacks are detected. So the fact that 
seven Democrats joined virtually all Republicans to move forward with this bill, tells me the Democratic position is not monolithic. In other words, when the Democratic leader and the senior Senator from New York say it is our plan to shut down the Senate and not to cooperate to get the people’s work done, not every Member of the Demo-cratic minority are comfortable with that cynical strategy—and good for them. 
The refusal to move forward with 
this legislation, particularly the cyber security part of this discussion, is just unconscionable. 
Let me give my colleagues some 
other headlines. Just last week, there was a massive breach at the Office of Personnel Management. The sensitive personal information of up to 4 mil-lion—4 million—current and former Federal employees may have been com-promised. There are now reports that the stolen data includes login informa-tion and credentials that is actively being traded, bought, and sold online. 
Now, we will await the details of the 
current investigation into this, but we know it has great potential to harm not only the privacy interests and the financial interests of the people af-fected but also our national security. We know there are state actors—nota-bly China and Russia—who are, on a regular basis, engaged in cyber attacks against the United States in an effort to steal our intellectual property as well as in order to do intelligence oper-ations using the Internet and using cyber space. 
Now, in terms of the personal inter-
ests of these employees, it may expose them—many of whom may work with national security matters—to further targeting by hackers, identity thieves, and even foreign intelligence agents. 
At the end of last month, it was re-
ported that the data of more than 100,000 taxpayers was stolen at the IRS. Just so colleagues understand the rea-son for my concern, the former Acting Director of the CIA, on June 11, 2015, when asked about former Senator and former Secretary of State Hillary Clin-ton’s decision to put all of her official emails at the Secretary of State’s of-fice on a private email server, Michael Morell said: ‘‘I think that foreign intel-ligence services, the good ones, have everything on any unclassified network that the government uses.’’ 
So not only do they have it on un-
classified networks such as the one Hil-lary Clinton maintained, but also if they are able to breach the security measures we have in place on govern-ment networks, they are happy to steal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.050 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4091 June 11, 2015 
that for whatever their purpose may 
be, whether it is intelligence-gathering or whether it is economic harm that they can impose on American citizens by hacking their identity or stealing their bank accounts or what have you. 
So we also have to be worried about 
the 100,000 people whose accounts were hacked at the IRS. The suggestion that was made by the IRS Commissioner at the Finance Committee recently is that these identity thieves steal this information so they can then file false tax returns and then claim the refunds or the other credit that those tax-payers would have otherwise been able to receive. Imagine when these 100,000 or so taxpayers go about the business of filing their own tax returns, only to find out that a cyber thief has stolen their identity and filed a tax return and taken their refund or their tax credit before they ever had a chance to do it. 
At the IRS, we know the breach in-
cluded access to past tax returns. As we all know, we have to put a lot of sensitive information on tax returns. That is why they are not public infor-mation. But they also include sensitive information such as Social Security numbers, addresses, birth dates—all stolen and potentially in the hands of criminals. 
The hypocrisy of the administration 
in this area is just breathtaking. It was just June 6—last Saturday—that Josh Earnest, the White House Press Sec-retary, chastised Congress, on behalf of the President of the United States, for not acting urgently enough on the issue of cyber security. Here is what Mr. Earnest said: ‘‘We need the United States Congress to come out of the Dark Ages and actually join us here in the 21st century to make sure that we have the kinds of defenses that are nec-essary to protect a modern computer system.’’ 
That is what White House Press Sec-
retary Josh Earnest said on June 6, 2015. 
Then our colleagues on the Demo-
cratic side have the temerity to come here and block the very type of legisla-tion that the White House has called for. How hypocritical can you get? How cynical can you get? Indeed, the Demo-cratic leader then says, well, they are doing everything the way they should be doing it, and it is really a Repub-lican conspiracy to shut down the gov-ernment. 
These are just the most recent exam-
ples of a threat that should be keeping us up at night—a threat that should cause us to quickly act to find solu-tions to the cyber security threat to the American people and to the United States Government and, yes, to our na-tional security. 
Some of our Democratic friends act 
as if the fact that we have decided to file an amendment to the Defense au-thorization bill, which represents an almost unanimous vote of the bipar-tisan vote of the Senate Intelligence Committee, was some sort of dirty trick—that we pulled a fast one on 
them. Well, this legislation has been out there for the world to see for quite a while now, and it was negotiated by the senior Senator from California, the ranking member on the Senate Intel-ligence Committee, Senator F
EINSTEIN , 
and Senator B URR, the chairman of the 
Intelligence Committee, and as I said, it only had one dissenting vote in the Senate Intelligence Committee. So to have the gall to come on the Senate floor and act as if this is some sort of pulling a fast one or some sort of trick is just disingenuous. I could probably think of some other words to describe it, too, but ‘‘disingenuous’’ will have to suffice for now. 
To come out here and to block debate 
on a vote on a cyber security bill at a time when the news is chock-full of the nature of this threat and its intrusive invasion into the privacy of the Amer-ican people and its danger to our na-tional security is just flat out irrespon-sible. These are not threats we can af-ford to ignore. 
And here is the coup de grace—the 
icing on the cake. Two months ago the Democratic leader came to the floor and said he was ‘‘committed’’ to get-ting cyber security legislation done, and that was before these most recent attacks. So for the Democratic leader to claim this morning that Senate Re-publicans were—these are his words— using ‘‘deceitful ploys’’ to ensure our Nation is safe from these threats is really beyond the pale. 
In addition to the clear and undeni-
able urgency of the problem, I would like to also point out that this was the same language that was, as I said, passed out of the Intelligence Com-mittee in March. So perhaps you can understand why I am so confused by our Democratic colleagues’ position and actually by the White House’s posi-tion. 
The White House called for cyber se-
curity legislation. Cyber security legis-lation gets voted out of the Senate In-telligence Committee 14 to 1. The Democratic leader said we need to act on cyber security, and we try to act on cyber security legislation, only to be blocked by the Democratic leader. All I can see is the Democratic leader’s ‘‘commitment’’ to work on cyber legis-lation has given way to partisan gamesmanship by our Democratic col-leagues who are promising ‘‘a filibuster summer.’’ Well, welcome to the fili-buster summer. 
But this is not what the American 
people deserve. This isn’t why they sent us here, and this is what they af-firmatively rejected this last election. But somehow our Democratic col-leagues just can’t stand it that we have actually turned things around and we have been able to make some slow, in-cremental progress. We passed the first budget since 2009. You know, that should be a scandal, but I guess it rep-resents progress that we finally have been able to do it with the new major-ity starting in January. We have worked with the White House to pass 
trade promotion authority and some things that are tough and are con-troversial on both sides of the aisle. We have taken a number of positive steps on child trafficking and on a number of other topics. Now we are trying to do our most basic duty and deal with our Nation’s defense, and that includes pro-tecting our Nation’s cyber security in-frastructure while we fund our Armed Forces to make sure they have the re-sources to do what they volunteered to do so bravely on our behalf. 
The men and women of this country 
and particularly the men and women who wear the uniform of the U.S. mili-tary deserve better. This National De-fense Authorization Act, this basic bill to which the cyber security language was being offered, has strong bipar-tisan support, and it passed out of the Armed Services Committee overwhelm-ingly. And do you know what? It even authorizes funding levels at the figure requested by the President of the United States. Yet our Senate Demo-cratic colleagues are still dragging their feet, refusing to allow us to vote on amendments to this bill and defeat-ing the very cyber security provision that the Democratic leader said we ought to get to and that Josh Earnest chastised Congress for not passing. Yet Members of his own political party— the President’s own political party— blocked that cyber security legislation. 
So this bill should not be held hos-
tage to political gamesmanship. The American people’s security and safety should not be held hostage to political gamesmanship, and the Senate, which used to be known as the world’s great-est deliberative body, should not be used just purely for partisan gain. 
So I hope that the seven Democrats 
who actually voted to proceed on this cyber security bill will get some more allies. I can tell that not all of our friends across the aisle are comfortable with the Democratic leader’s direction to block this cyber security legislation, and perhaps over the weekend, some will have second thoughts. I hope as they have those second thoughts, they will focus on our collective duty to our troops and their families and to our duty as Members of the Senate to pro-mote and protect the security of the American people. 
So let’s get back to basics. Let’s do 
what the American people elected us to do by voting on a bipartisan bill that will protect our country and provide for our troops. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE FERGUSON EFFECT 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, last 
month I was here on the Senate floor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.051 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4092 June 11, 2015 
to address the topic of the riots in Bal-
timore and the unfortunate and com-pletely misguided scapegoating of po-lice officers that has been going on far too often in parts of our country today. So I rise again today on the same topic because in just the last month or so there have been some more very harm-ful developments in this area. 
One of those developments is the dra-
matic decline in police arrests and a massive increase in violent crime and murders in the city of Baltimore. Now, some of my friends would say: Why is the Senator from Pennsylvania speak-ing out so often about these tragic cir-cumstances that are happening in Bal-timore? Well, first of all, as a U.S. Sen-
ator, I am concerned with what goes on in our entire country, not just my State. Baltimore is a great American city that is going through a very dif-ficult period, and we should all be con-cerned about it. Second of all, Balti-more is, of course, less than 100 miles away from Pennsylvania. Most impor-tantly, what is happening in Baltimore is not happening only in Baltimore. The scapegoating of police and the rise of violent crime is happening in New York City and in other places as well. And, frankly, it is a threat to public safety and security in every city. 
Some, including the police chief of 
St. Louis, MO, have described what has come to be known as the Ferguson ef-fect. This can be traced back to the riots and lawlessness that followed the unfortunate death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, MO, last August. As you will remember, in the Ferguson case, Offi-cer Darren Wilson acted in self-defense and shot and killed Brown when Brown attacked him while he was resisting ar-rest. In the weeks and months that fol-lowed the incident, and after Officer Wilson was cleared of wrongdoing, vio-lent protests erupted. Protesters, po-lice, and bystanders were injured. Buildings were burned to the ground. Property was destroyed. But instead of placing the onus on those who were ac-tually causing the havoc, it was por-trayed by many as if law enforcement was somehow responsible for the vio-lence and unrest. Anti-law enforcement sentiments were even expressed by some of the local officials in Ferguson. This endorsement of violent protesters empowered those who wished to turn peaceful protests into violent riots, and it also left the police feeling powerless. 
What has happened in Ferguson since 
is as tragic as it was predictable. The homicide rate in Ferguson increased 47 percent in the latter portion of 2014, and robberies in St. Louis County jumped by 82 percent. This really should be no surprise. This is what hap-pens when a city puts these views of ‘‘police as the problem’’ into practice, such as when a city determines that police are the cause of the violence as opposed to the brave defense against it, when a city justifies lawlessness, stops law enforcement from doing its job, and allows law breakers to go unpunished. The results of those prac-tices are that the innocent members of 
those very communities pay a horrible price. 
These tragic circumstances are now 
playing out in the city of Baltimore. On April 18 of this year, many Balti-more residents began peaceful protests over the injury and eventual death of Mr. Freddie Gray while he was in po-lice custody. As I mentioned in my speech about this last month, in my view, Freddie Gray’s death absolutely calls out for justice and calls out for a thorough investigation, and the judi-cial process is now proceeding and playing out exactly as it should. But what has happened in Baltimore since then is not about Freddie Gray. 
A week after the Baltimore protests 
began, on April 25, they turned violent. Over the next 5 days rioters damaged 200 businesses. They set fire to a newly constructed senior center, burned down a CVS drugstore and cut the fire hose of the firemen who were trying to put out the flames, and set fire to 144 cars. And 130 law enforcement officers were injured, many seriously. The chaos was so extreme that the city had to impose a curfew for 5 days and had to call in 3,000 National Guard troops. 
Now with all that mayhem, how did 
the public officials of Baltimore re-spond? On the first day of the violence, the mayor held a press conference in which she legitimized the violence. She said: ‘‘We also gave those who wish to destroy space to do that as well.’’ 
Seriously, space to destroy? Destroy-
ing other people’s property, setting buildings and cars ablaze, attacking police officers? These are not legiti-mate acts, and no mayor should be ac-commodating those kinds of acts with ‘‘space.’’ In fact, they are criminal. They are harmful. These are exactly the kinds of activities that a mayor should be all about stopping and pre-venting. But that is not all. 
Next the Baltimore police were given 
a stand-down order, and they were for-bidden from arresting the looters and the rioters. Then officials announced that half of all those arrested for the destruction and violence would be re-leased without charges. Mobs would gather around police when they tried to enforce the law. All this is a clear il-lustration of the impact that the Fer-guson effect is having on Baltimore. 
Lawbreakers are in control, and the 
city’s residents are at the mercy of the lawbreakers. Law enforcement has been limited because of a lack of sup-port from the community and the civic and the political leaders. 
Baltimore has seen the disastrous ef-
fects of this policy. The riots began to subside on April 30 when six police offi-cers were arrested in the death of Mr. Gray, but the violence has continued. The month of May that just passed was Baltimore’s deadliest month in over 40 years. There were 43 homicides in the month of May alone. Shootings have more than doubled compared to May of the previous year. These murders have nothing to do with anger over the death of Freddie Gray; they have ev-
erything to do with public policy that disparages police and turns a blind eye on criminal activity. You see, in Balti-more in the month of May, arrests were nearly 70 percent lower than the same month last year. 
Some attempt to portray this whole 
crisis in racial terms, but tragically all too often the victims of this surge in violent crime are innocent African Americans who live in cities in which the police are no longer permitted to do their jobs. 
Consider the case of an 8-year-old boy 
police found shot in the head on Thurs-day, May 28 at 8:20 a.m. He was lying dead beside his mother, who had also been fatally shot in the head. 
Take the case of 23-year-old Charles 
Dobbins, who was killed on Monday, May 25. Charles’ cousin reports that Charles was killed in a robbery. Charles worked at BWI. He worked transporting handicapped people to and from the terminals. He loved kids. When he graduated from high school, he worked for Baltimore city schools as a bus aid assisting disabled children. 
Consider the case of 4-year-old Jacele 
Johnson. She was in a car with her teenage cousin when someone opened fire on the car, seriously wounding them both. 
These are not just statistics; these 
are real people who are now lost to us. Their lives matter. That 8-year-old boy and his mother, 23-year-old Charles Dobbins, a little 4-year-old girl, Jacele Johnson, and her cousin—their lives matter. 
The Ferguson effect, unfortunately, 
is not the only phenomenon that is at work here. Unfortunately, our Presi-dent seems to have bought into the no-tion that the police are the problem and the solution is to deny them valu-able tools. 
This last month, the President an-
nounced extensive restrictions on when local police may access lifesaving Fed-eral surplus equipment. The gear we are talking about is almost all purely defensive. It is riot helmets, riot shields, armored personnel transport vehicles. This is surplus gear. The Fed-eral Government has already paid for it but has decided it has no use for it. It has long been the practice that this surplus protective gear has been made available to local police forces. 
Why is this administration making it 
harder to send this purely defensive gear—gear that would otherwise go un-used—to insufficiently protected police officers across the country? Why would the administration do that? Well, they released a report telling us why. Here is what they said in their own report. According to this report by the admin-istration, the Federal equipment ‘‘could significantly undermine com-munity trust’’ and that this concern outweighs the interest in ‘‘addressing law enforcement needs (that could not otherwise be fulfilled).’’ President Obama likewise opined that Federal equipment ‘‘can sometimes give people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.053 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4093 June 11, 2015 
a feeling like there’s an occupying 
force’’ and ‘‘can send the wrong mes-sage.’’ 
So this is the concern that justified 
keeping lifesaving gear from police of-ficers. So, according to the administra-tion, the need to save police officers’ lives in the line of duty is something that should be weighed against and, in fact, sacrificed to the desire to prevent distrust or discomfort on the part of others. How many police officers’ lives are we going to sacrifice? One? Twen-ty? One-hundred? This is outrageous. 
Each day across America, there are 
780,000 law enforcement officers who put on a badge and uniform, and they answer the call of those in need no matter the danger. When others run away, they run to the problem. The rest of us in America rely on these law enforcement officers doing their job. The people who live in high-crime areas, often ethnic minorities living in high-poverty areas of our inner cities— these are the folks who most depend on those officers. When those officers are held back, we all pay a steep price, but the residents of those communities pay the steepest price. 
I just hope we in the Federal Govern-
ment will stop putting obstacles in the way of law enforcement and start sup-porting them. I hope we as a nation will stop scapegoating law enforcement and start thanking them. If we fail to reverse the Ferguson effect, what we will see is more violent crime and more suffering of our people. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BIPARTISANSHIP 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, over 
the past few years, bipartisanship has not always fared well in the Senate. We have been able to change the Cham-ber’s culture for the better in 2015. Now that is in jeopardy once again. 
In the first half of the year, we had a 
number of bipartisan accomplishments. It kicked off with the passage of the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act at the begin-ning of the year. The new law will pro-vide the VA with the personnel, serv-ices, and proper tools to help veterans facing mental illness struggles, which is vital as it is estimated that 22 vet-erans commit suicide every day. The Clay Hunt act will help stop this tragic and unacceptable trend. 
Then we were able to pass the Justice 
for Victims of Trafficking Act in a unanimous fashion. This law will save lives. It will restore dignity to the vic-tims of these heinous crimes, and it will help end modern-day slavery. We followed that with legislation 
that will give Congress a voice in the President’s negotiations with Iran over its illicit nuclear program. There was such a strong show of bipartisanship on this vote that it forced President Obama to drop his initial veto threat. Had we not maintained bipartisan unity, there would be no review of the Iran deal. There would be nothing stop-ping President Obama from signing a bad agreement with Iran. It is because we stood together across party lines that the American people will now have a say in negotiations. 
Before we adjourned for the Memo-
rial Day work period, we approved granting the President trade pro-motion authority. We worked together to provide the President with the nec-essary tools to negotiate a fair trade deal while maintaining Congress’s im-portant role in the process. 
I say all this to highlight what we 
can accomplish when we work to-gether. Unfortunately, the minority leader seems intent on ending that streak. 
We are in the midst of discussing an-
other bill which should have substan-tial bipartisan support, the National Defense Authorization Act. Yet, Minor-ity Leader R
EIDhas called this vital, 
traditionally bipartisan bill ‘‘a waste of time.’’ This is a bill which, as the senior Senator from Arizona has noted, Congress has passed for 53 consecutive years, including those when the minor-ity leader controlled the Senate sched-ule. 
Far from a waste of time, the NDAA 
helps us modernize our military to face today’s security challenges. We live in a dangerous world. We have to stay ahead of those who would seek to harm us, not fall behind them. This is no time to be dismissive of our national security needs. 
It is also about the livelihood of over 
1.4 million men and women on Active Duty and 718,000 civilian personnel. We are talking about the Nation’s largest employer. The NDAA helps us ensure that we are doing everything we need to do to help them. So I think we can all agree there is much in this bill that needs to get done. 
Unfortunately, the White House is 
taking what should be a bipartisan bill and using it to push for its own polit-ical end game to increase domestic spending. Worse yet, the President has somehow convinced Senate Democrats to go along with this misguided strat-egy. 
Instead of approaching this in a bi-
partisan manner, the minority leader is forcing his caucus to carry water for President Obama, who has indicated he would veto the NDAA unless he gets the domestic spending increases he is demanding. That means the President stands ready to block the policy pre-scriptions and funding levels for the Department of Defense unless we give other agencies, such as the EPA, as they try their additional power grab through things like the Clean Water Act and extending that, and the IRS, as 
they waste money on bonuses for their employees—all of this is very dan-gerous. 
There will be plenty of time to de-
bate our domestic spending priorities and allotments, but now is not the time. Let’s get that bipartisan men-tality back and finish the work that needs to be done to protect our Nation. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING VIETNAM VETERANS 
AND NORTH DAKOTA’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN VIET-NAM 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, 
today, as I have for a number of weeks, I rise to speak about 11 North Dako-tans who did not come home from the Vietnam war. Each of these men gave his life for our country. 
Before I begin speaking about the 198 
North Dakotans who died during Viet-nam, I wish to thank my great friend, Bill Anderson of Rutland, ND. Bill is a marine, and he is a veteran of the Viet-nam war. 
Bill grew up in Rutland, attended the 
University of North Dakota, and then started law school at the University of Colorado. It was the late 1960s, and young men with college degrees were being drafted. So Bill left law school, enlisted in the Marine Corps, and was trained to be an officer. In 1970, he ar-rived in Vietnam and became the com-mander of the 2nd Platoon of Delta Company, 1st Battalion, 5th Marine Regiment. 
Bill’s own written words about the 
impact the Vietnam war had on him strike me. He didn’t choose to write about his blindness caused by the ma-laria vaccine that he took or his lymphoma caused by Agent Orange ex-posure. Instead, Bill focused on his ex-perience in Vietnam and on the great-ness of the 18- and 20-year-old Marines with whom he served. Bill writes: 
I am proud, every day, of the Marines I 
served with in Vietnam. They did not shrink from danger. They did not flinch at combat. They did their duty with steadfast courage of United States Marines, and for that Amer-icans can, and should, be proud and grateful. 
I am grateful for Bill’s service to our 
country. I am also proud of his service to my State. After his time in the Ma-rines, Bill ran his family-owned insur-ance business. And then, when he was 40 years old and had lost most of his vi-sion, he returned to law school. Since the 1980s, Bill has served many commu-nities in southeastern North Dakota as a private practice lawyer. In fact, I can tell you this, as a lawyer myself: Bill Anderson is one of the most brilliant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.054 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4094 June 11, 2015 
lawyers I have ever worked with. And 
since 2004, Bill has been a Sargent County Commissioner. 
So thank you, Bill. I hope that you 
will have a great reunion later this month in Tennessee with the Marines of Company D. 
Mr. President, I now wish to take a 
few moments to talk about the lives of those Vietnam veterans who did not come home. 
ARLAN GABLE  
Arlan Gable was from Rolette. He 
was born February 3, 1938. He served in the Army’s 25th Infantry Division. Arlan was 29 years old when he died on June 10, 1967. 
He was the youngest of 10 children 
and grew up on his parents’ farm out-side of Rolette. Arlan’s niece, Sandi, remembers all the animals on the farm, and in particular, she remembers chas-ing his mother’s geese. 
Each of the five boys in the family 
served our country in the military. Right after graduating from high school, Arlan enlisted in the Army. He served in Korea and Germany, and he served two tours of duty in Vietnam. Arlan was killed while serving as the gunner on a tank when the tank hit a landmine. About 1 month before, Arlan had been home on leave. After his death, Arlan’s mother’s health deterio-rated very rapidly. 
MARK MANGIN  
Mark Mangin, a native of Verono, 
was born April 29, 1949. He served in the Marine Corps’ 3rd Marine Amphibious Force. On October 1, 1969, Mark died. He was only 20 years old. 
He grew up on his parents’ small 
farm and had one brother, Marvin. Marvin said that during high school Mark played basketball and loved fix-ing old cars. The brothers both worked for neighboring farmers. Before grad-uating, Mark enlisted to serve because he wanted to become a marine. He earned his GED while at basic training. 
Mark sent letters home from Viet-
nam asking Marvin to take care of their mom and dad, and he wrote that he was an expert marksman and liked what he was doing. He included pic-tures of himself holding young Viet-namese children. 
When he had less than 1 month left of 
his tour of duty in Vietnam, Mark was killed when someone near him tripped the wire of a boobytrap. His brother be-lieves that with his mechanical abili-ties, he would have become a me-chanic. 
MICHAEL MEYHOFF  
Michael Meyhoff was from Center 
and was born February 3, 1948. He served in the Army’s 25th Infantry Di-vision. Michael died January 4, 1968. He was 19 years old. 
He grew up in a big family in a small 
house. Michael was the second of 11 children. Two of his brothers, Rick and Brent, also served in the Army. 
While growing up, Michael enjoyed 
helping his grandparents on their fam-ily farm near Center, ND. Michael’s brother, Rick, says that Michael was a 
good athlete and was an explorer. He always had to see what was over the next hill. He especially loved fishing with his father and always looked for-ward to fishing trips as opportunities to explore and spend time with his fam-ily in the outdoors. Michael was very family-minded and was excellent at writing letters and responding to let-ters from his brothers, sisters, parents, and grandparents. 
When he died, Michael’s community 
was deeply affected. Now, 47 years after his death, his family and community still think about him or talk about him daily. 
Michael’s mother, Harriet, will turn 
90 years old next month. She has told the family that when she dies, she wants to be buried with Michael’s Pur-ple Heart. 
CHARLES PIPER , JR. 
Charles Piper, Jr., was born Novem-
ber 21, 1937. He was from Durbin. He served in the Navy on the USS Robison as a master chief boiler technician. Charles was 34 years old when he died on August 30, 1972. 
Charles and his sister Marion worked 
on nearby farms after their father died when they were children. Marion says that Charles was a good listener and was always a good mentor to her son. When Charles was 17 years old and had just graduated from Casselton High School, he enlisted in the Navy. He didn’t like water, but his cousins serv-ing in the Navy inspired him to join. 
Charles made his Navy service a ca-
reer. He had about a year left in the Navy before he planned to retire. His dream after retirement was to work for the game and fish department and to live with his wife Marie on their farm near Kalispell, MT. 
THOMAS WELKER  
Thomas Welker was born on Feb-
ruary 23, 1938, and made his home in Minot with his wife Frances. He served in the Army 101st Airborne Division. His unit was called the Screaming Ea-gles. Thomas died on July 27, 1967. He was 29 years old. 
Before going to Vietnam, the Army 
stationed Thomas, Frances, and their sons, John, Thomas, Rodney, and Dean, in several places in the United States. Thomas’ older stepson, Rodney, said that Thomas loved to hunt and fish. He worked two jobs to support his family, working as a bartender on the base in the evenings. 
In Vietnam, Thomas was killed when 
someone nearby stepped on a Bouncing Betty. The Army awarded him a Bronze Star Medal for his valor that day. Thomas is buried in Arlington Na-tional Cemetery. 
IRVIN KNIPPELBERG  
Irvin Knippelberg was born in Turtle 
Lake on January 17, 1939. He served in the Army’s 25th Infantry Division. He was 27 years old when he died on May 19, 1966. 
He was the youngest of five children. 
His two brothers served our country during the Korean war—Jack in the 
Army and Darold in the Navy. 
Growing up on his family’s farm near 
Turtle Lake, Irvin was the big little brother. He was 6 feet 4 inches tall, but he was the kid brother. His brother Darold is Irvin’s only living sibling. Darold said that when the brothers played together boxing, Irvin’s arms were so long that he could hit his brothers four times before they could ever get close to him. Darold remem-bers Irvin as a good-natured, loveable guy who everyone liked. Darold says he knows that Irvin’s faith helped him along in life. 
After high school, Irvin first enlisted 
in the Marine Corps. He later enlisted in the Army and spent time in Alaska and Japan before his tour of duty in Vietnam. He planned to make the Army his career. Irvin had only been in Vietnam about 1 month when he was shot and killed. 
DELBERT AUSTIN OLSON  
Delbert Austin Olson was from 
Casselton, and he was born on January 4, 1926. He served as a commander in the Navy. Delbert was 42 years old when he went missing on January 11, 1968. 
Delbert was the youngest of four 
children who grew up on his family’s farm. His brothers also served in the military—Charles in Korea and Harold in World War II. Delbert’s family said that he loved flying and was com-mitted to his Navy career. He was a phenomenal naval officer and pilot. 
Delbert was 6 feet 4 inches tall, and 
his son, David, is 6 feet 6 inches tall. Delbert’s brother, Charles, told David that he looks just like his dad, ‘‘Delly.’’ 
In 1968, Delbert and eight other Navy 
crewmen went missing when their air-craft crashed into a mountain in Laos. In the 1990s, investigation crews were finally able to search for the remains from the crash. All nine crewmen were identified and, in 2003, they were buried together in Arlington National Ceme-tery. 
In addition to his siblings, Delbert is 
survived by his daughter Dana and his son David. 
DONALD SOBY  
Donald Soby was from Rugby. He was 
born on December 15, 1946. He served in the Army’s 101st Airborne Division. Donald died on July 7, 1967. He was 20 years old. 
Donald was the youngest of three 
children. His brother William also served in Vietnam in the Air Force. 
Their sister Margaret said that Don-
ald always lived for today. He was a good kid, but if he wanted to do some-thing, he would go and do it that day because he may not get another chance. She remembers Donald’s sense of humor and good-natured pranks. 
Donald and his best friend, Terry, 
shared many adventures together, in-cluding taking Margaret’s young son with them to a nearby town to attract girls and running into the game war-den, who sent them home after discov-ering the ducks they were supposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.059 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4095 June 11, 2015 
be hunting looked a lot more like 
pheasants. 
Donald and his brother William both 
served in Vietnam at the same time. The brothers inquired about Donald’s leaving Vietnam since they were both serving, but they were advised to wait until William’s discharge. They were able to spend Christmas of 1966 to-gether. That was the last time William saw Donald. 
In May, Donald was wounded, and he 
died in July as a result of those wounds. The family is extremely grate-ful to Wanda Nielson of Rugby for co-ordinating efforts for the military to fly Donald’s mother to the Philippines to be with Donald at the time of his death. 
JOHN JOYCE  
John Joyce, a Minot native, was born 
on November 15, 1944. He served in the Marine Corps, Kilo Company, 3rd Bat-talion, 26th Marines. John died on April 17, 1969. He was 24 years old. 
John was one of four children and en-
joyed playing sports in his free time. In addition to playing football, basket-ball, and track, John left a legacy of being an excellent baseball player. He played baseball for Minot State Uni-versity and for Northern Arizona Uni-versity. In 2001, he was inducted into the Minot Baseball Hall of Fame. 
After college John became a teacher 
and coach for a year in Montana. He then enlisted in the Marines and served in Vietnam. One of John’s best friends, Jan Olson, who taught with John and also served in Vietnam, said this about John: ‘‘Inch for inch, pound for pound, he was the toughest man I ever knew and he was also the nicest man.’’ 
About 6 weeks after his death, John 
was awarded the Bronze Star Medal for his heroic actions. His Bronze Star ci-tation describes John putting himself in the line of fire while defending his platoon with a grenade launcher and then carrying a wounded companion to a covered position. 
Ronald Jensen is a Marine who 
served under John in Vietnam. Ron-ald’s 2003 book, titled ‘‘Tail End Char-lie,’’ describes John like this: 
He was a great guy, no questions about it. 
He helped everybody, always in the front, and he saved me. He was most liked by his men. He saved a lot of lives over there. 
WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ KRISTJANSON  
William ‘‘Bill’’ Kristjanson was born 
October 13, 1943, and was from Inkster. He served in the Army’s 1st Infantry Division. His unit’s nickname was the Black Scarves. Bill died on February 26, 1970. He was 26 years old. He was the only child born to Sig and Frances Kristjanson. 
He attended elementary school in 
Conway and high school in Inkster. In 1967, Bill graduated from the Univer-sity of North Dakota. He also attended the University of Michigan and the University of Oslo in Norway. Bill’s pride and interest in his father’s Ice-landic heritage inspired him to tour Iceland after graduating from UND. 
In 1968, Bill was drafted into the 
Army. In Vietnam, he was involved in both ground and air combat. About 5 
months after arriving in Vietnam, Bill was promoted from private first class to sergeant on the battlefield. 
On February 11, Bill was injured 
when the vehicle he was riding in over-turned. About 2 weeks later, he died in a military hospital in Japan. The ten medals the Army awarded him, both before and after his death, demonstrate that Bill was a heroic soldier the Army valued greatly. 
PATRICK MCCABE  
Patrick McCabe was from Bismarck, 
and he was born on July 20, 1924. He served in the Army as a master ser-geant. Patrick died May 6, 1968, at the age of 43. 
He came from a family dedicated to 
serving our country. Four of the six boys in his family served in the mili-tary, and all three of Patrick’s sons followed in his footsteps and joined the military. Two of his sons served in Vietnam after Patrick’s death—Mark as a medic in the Marines and Scott as an Air Force pilot. Patrick’s third son, David, served in the Air Force for over 20 years. 
Patrick’s daughter, Kathy, said that 
her dad was a good man who helped anyone who needed it. Her dad loved his country and felt like the Army was his family. 
Patrick served in World War II and 
two tours of duty in Vietnam. He vol-unteered to return to Vietnam and died during his second tour of duty. 
We tell these stories because we can-
not ever forget that every life matters. I am always struck by imagining what these young men would have been had they been allowed to grow up, whom these young men could have been when they were grandfathers and whom they would have taken fishing or hunting or taught how to play football. But these lives were given in sacrifice to their country and in sacrifice so that all of us can live in freedom, and we must never forget, during this period of com-memoration of the Vietnam war, those people who gave the ultimate sacrifice, those people who were killed in action in Vietnam. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Alaska. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I rise 
in support of the National Defense Au-thorization Act. I rise in support to move this bill forward and the amend-ments that many of us in this body want to have heard, debated, and voted on. I also rise in opposition to obstruc-
tion—obstruction to this bill, obstruc-tion to the key issues of national de-fense for our country. Make no mis-
take, there is obstruction going on, on the Senate floor right now, with regard to this important bill. 
A little bit of background here: This 
bill, the NDAA, came out of the Senate Armed Services Committee after a lot of hard work, bipartisan work, by all the members of the committee. We worked together to include over 185 amendments. Almost all of these were bipartisan amendments. 
My colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle talked about voting against the bill because they did not like the way it was funded, even though our committee had nothing to do with the funding. But at the end of the day, after much debate in the committee, we worked and passed a strong, impor-tant, reform-oriented bipartisan NDAA by a vote of 22 to 4. That is bipartisan. 
I thank the chairman of that com-
mittee Senator M
CCAINand the rank-
ing member Senator R EED on their 
great leadership in getting this com-mittee to work so closely together to move the bill forward. 
As part of the Armed Services Com-
mittee, just 2 weeks ago, I had the dis-tinct honor of traveling with both of them to Vietnam and to Singapore for an important Defense Ministry con-ference. It was a huge honor for me as a new Member of the body to travel with J
OHNMCCAINand J ACKREED—two 
veterans who have sacrificed a lot for their country—to Vietnam and other places. They did a fantastic job on this bill. 
Then, this bill came to the floor and 
it all stopped. Everything came to a halt. There are over 500 amendments of Senators who want to move forward on a bipartisan basis to try to improve this bill. We have gotten to barely a trickle—barely a trickle—and nothing has happened. For 2 weeks we have been on this bill and nothing has hap-pened after the great work we did in the Senate Armed Services Committee. 
What is going on here? It is the same 
obstructionist playbook that my col-leagues and particularly the minority leader used for the last few years, and the American people have rejected it. They rejected it last November, and they rejected it when they realized this body had only 14 rollcall votes on amendments during the entire year of 2014. That is not how this body is sup-posed to work. Nobody on either side of the aisle wants this body to work that way. It is certainly not how it is sup-posed to work when it comes to the de-fense of our Nation and the critical bill to take care of our men and women in uniform. Yet, the minority leader said this bill is a waste of time. I will repeat that. The National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, one of the most important things we do in this body, is ‘‘a waste of time.’’ 
I understand that the parties have 
ideological differences, and that is cer-tainly the way it should be. That is the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.060 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4096 June 11, 2015 
way it has been since the founding of 
our great Nation. But if leaders on the other side of the aisle believe that pro-tecting the country, taking care of the men and women in uniform, and keep-ing our promises to them is a waste of time, then we don’t belong to different parties, we belong in different universes. In this world, in this uni-verse, in the U.S. Senate, our most im-portant job is to protect this country and to take care of the men and women who so courageously serve our country. It is not a waste of time to be doing that. It is the most important thing we were sent here to do. 
We took an oath. We pledged to sol-
emnly swear to defend the Constitution of the United States against all en-emies, foreign and domestic. That is what this bill does, and that is what we—Members on both sides—are trying to do in terms of improving it with amendments, but none of those are moving. None of those are moving, and that is a shame. 
One of the things we tried to address 
in the bill is the serious threats and challenges our Nation faces. 
At the Senate Armed Services Com-
mittee hearing we had several weeks ago, former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger said: 
The United States has not faced a more di-
verse and complex array of crises since the end of the second world war. 
We know what they are—the growth 
and brutality of ISIS, a rising China, Iran on the verge of obtaining a nu-clear weapon. The largest state sponsor of terrorism is possibly on the verge of gaining a nuclear weapon, and a resur-gent Russia has invaded the sovereign territory of another country. It is the first time since World War II in the heart of Europe. 
So at this time we not only have ob-
struction on the other side of the aisle from the leader there, the President of the United States is threatening to veto the NDAA. I am not sure they are reading about what is going on in the world. I am not sure they recognize the critical importance of this bill. And to threaten to veto this bill, and therefore what—we are going to stop? No. We are going to do our duty, and we will put this on the President’s desk, and we will see if he vetoes it when the United States faces this huge array of chal-lenges. 
Let me talk about one of those chal-
lenges for a few minutes. It is an im-portant area. As a Senator from Alas-ka, it is certainly an important area for me. It is the Arctic and the increas-ing militarization of the Arctic by Rus-sia. 
Earlier this year, Russia began a 5- 
day Arctic war exercise that included 38,000 troops, 50 surface warships, in ad-dition to submarines, and 110 aircraft in the Arctic. And the Russians are not being shy about their ambitions in the Arctic. President Putin has said he wants to build 13 new airfields and add four new Russian combat brigades in the Arctic. He is going to stand up a new Arctic command, and he is going 
to add several new icebreakers to their already robust fleet. 
The chairman of the Armed Services 
Committee talked about this. He talked about what the Russians are doing in the Arctic. There is no mys-tery here. As a matter of fact, today there was an outstanding article in the Wall Street Journal entitled ‘‘The New Cold War’s Arctic Front,’’ with the subtitle ‘‘Putin is militarizing one of the world’s coldest, most remote re-gions.’’ Well, in my State, this is home. America is an Arctic nation because of Alaska. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that this article be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[The Wall Street Journal, Jun. 9, 2015] 
THENEWCOLDWAR’SARTIC FRONT  
(By Sohrab Ahmari) 
HELSINKI .—G–7 leaders gathering in Ba-
varia on Monday vowed to extend sanctions if Russia doesn’t dial back its aggression against Ukraine. Previous sanctions haven’t deterred Kremlin land-grabs, and the ques-tion now isn’t if Russian President Vladimir Putin will strike again but whom he’ll target next. Mr. Putin considers Europe’s eastern periphery, stretching from the Baltic Sea to the Black Sea, part of Russia’s imperial in-heritance. 
Yet in recent years the Russian leader has 
also turned his attention northward, to the Arctic, militarizing one of the world’s cold-est, most remote regions. Here in Finland, one of eight Arctic states, the Russian men-ace next door looms large. 
‘‘That is a tough nut to crack, to know ex-
actly what the Russians want,’’ newly ap-pointed Finnish Foreign Minister Timo Soini says. ‘‘But I’m sure they know. Because they are masters of chess, and if something is on the loose they will take it’’—a variation on the old proverb that ‘‘a Cossack will take whatever is not fixed to the ground.’’ 
There is much that ‘‘is not fixed to the 
ground’’ already in the Arctic, and more every year. Climate change is transforming the High North. By 2030, the Northern Sea Route (NSR) from the Kara Strait to the Pa-cific will have nine weeks of open water, ac-cording to the U.S. Navy, up from two in 2012. The NSR is a 35% to 60% shorter pas-sage between European ports and East Asia than the Suez or Panama routes, according to the Arctic Council. The Northwest Pas-sage, which connects the Atlantic and Pa-cific Oceans via the Canadian Arctic Archi-pelago, will have five weeks of open water by 2030, up from zero in 2012. It represents a 25% shorter passage between Rotterdam and Se-attle than non-Arctic routes, according to a NATO Parliamentary Assembly study pub-lished in March. As with other claims about the climate, these aren’t universally accept-ed prognostications. 
These changes have implications not just 
for trade but also for the ability to exploit the vast energy resources beneath the Arc-tic. Energy fields in the region have to date produced some 40 billion barrels of oil and 1,100 trillion cubic feet of natural gas. The U.S. Geological Survey estimates the region also holds 13% of the world’s undiscovered conventional oil, a third of the world’s undis-covered conventional gas and a fifth of the world’s undiscovered natural-gas liquids. 
No wonder Moscow has been racing to re-
open old Soviet bases on its territory across the Arctic and develop new ones. Mr. Putin 
wants by the end of 2015 to have 14 oper-ational airfields in the Arctic, according to the NATO Parliamentary Assembly, and he has increased Russia’s special-forces pres-ence in the region by 30%. 
‘‘In the Arctic area they have twofold ob-
jectives,’’ says a senior official at the Finn-ish Defense Ministry. ‘‘To secure the North-ern Sea Route and [exploit] the energy-re-
sources potential. And they are increasing their ability to surveil that part of the world, to refurbish their abilities for the air force and the Northern Fleet. They are exer-cising their ability to move their airborne troops from the central part of Russia to the north.’’ 
The Russian buildup in the region is made 
worse by the fact that Moscow makes no ef-fort to be a good neighbor. The Kremlin’s propensity for holding unannounced exer-cises in the region can only be a deliberate attempt to provoke. The senior official voices the concern that the Kremlin might use yet another such drill ‘‘as deployment for a real operation’’—which is considerably less paranoid than it sounds given Mr. Putin’s record. 
Russian warplanes have violated Finnish 
airspace as recently as August, and pro- Kremlin media have also launched a system-atic propaganda campaign against Finland. ‘‘They are writing things about us and our defense forces that are not from this world,’’ says the senior official, such as the yarn that the Finnish government removes children from ethnic-Russian Finnish families for adoption by gay couples in the U.S. 
Another Defense Ministry official says 
that he finds it hard to view as spontaneous ‘‘one of their pro-Putin demonstrations with crowds shouting ‘Thank you, Putin! You gave us Crimea. Now give us Poland and Fin-land.’’’ 
Despite such developments, the possibility 
of conflict here might seem distant for now. But it poses troubling questions about the West’s readiness in the Arctic-security race. So far there has been plenty of Allied strategizing, including a 2013 White House paper on Arctic strategy heavy on climate- change alarmism but offering little by way of real mobilization. Russia still has the world’s largest fleet of icebreakers, many of them nuclear-powered. Washington, by con-trast, fields just one heavy icebreaker, the Coast Guard’s aging Polar Star. 
For the Finns, the Kremlin menace raises 
another touchy issue: their nonmembership in NATO. The April election that sent Mr. Soini to the Foreign Ministry and the cen-trist Juha Sipila ¨into the premiership rel-
egated Alexander Stubb, an uncommonly pro-NATO Finnish prime minister, to the Fi-nance Ministry in the new government. Mr. Soini, who leads the right-wing populist True Finns party, has denounced Mr. Stubb in the past as a ‘‘radical market liberal NATO hawk.’’ But now in government, Mr. Soini strikes more nuanced notes that belie his party’s anti-Atlanticist reputation. 
‘‘If we think that the paradigm [in the re-
gion] is going to be changed,’’ he says,‘‘there is no hesitation that we will do it,’’ meaning join NATO. He adds: ‘‘Whatever the system or situation in Russia we have to cope, and we have some experience with them. And they also respect us. They know our history. . . . We want to be independent and free.’’ 
Mr. SULLIVAN. The writer of this 
article talks about what is at stake and about what the Russians are doing in the Arctic. 
Here is a map. It is a little small, but 
it shows Russia’s Arctic push and the dramatic increase of airbases, oper-ational infrastructure all around the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.063 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4097 June 11, 2015 
Arctic, and the different exercises. We 
know that it is an important place— transportation, natural resources. This is a critical area. 
Our leaders are taking notice, our 
military leaders. ADM Bill Gortney with the U.S. Northern Command stat-ed: ‘‘Russian heavy bombers flew more out-of-area patrols in 2014 than in any year since the Cold War.’’ 
Secretary of Defense Carter just 2 
months ago said: ‘‘The Arctic is going to be a major area of importance to the United States, both strategically and economically in the future—it’s fair to say that we’re late to the recognition of that.’’ 
This is why the NDAA is so impor-
tant. Congress heard this testimony. The Senate Armed Services Committee heard this testimony. We have been fol-lowing what has been happening in the Arctic, and we have acted. The NDAA has provisions to start to address the challenges we see in the Arctic. It cer-tainly is focused on making sure the Arctic remains a peaceful and stable place, but it also starts to focus the leadership of our military on the Arc-tic, and that is important. 
There is language in the NDAA which 
was unanimously voted on in the com-mittee—it is very bipartisan—that re-quires the Secretary of Defense to sub-mit a report that updates the U.S. military strategy in the Arctic and re-quires a military operations plan to be described for the protection and secu-rity of our interest in the Arctic. It lays out what the issues are, what the threats are, and what the Russians are doing in the Arctic. 
President Putin is certainly going to 
be watching, and maybe he is taking notice that we are noticing, and that is one reason why this is an important bill. 
As we can see here, today’s Wall 
Street Journal article talked about President Putin moving forward and possibly having the ability to send air-borne troops and airborne brigades to the Arctic. Yet, right now, our own U.S. Army is thinking about removing the only airborne brigade in the Arctic. That is not good strategy. 
That is why we need this bill. We 
need to set the direction in terms of strategy and to make sure we are not making strategic mistakes as the Rus-sians move forward in the Arctic and we start looking at reducing our capa-bilities there. Weakness is provocative, and if anyone knows that, it is Presi-dent Putin. We need to show strength, and that is why we need to pass this bill. 
Finally, I want to talk briefly about 
an amendment I wanted to offer. I am still trying to get it offered as part of the NDAA. As I mentioned, there is a lineup of hundreds of amendments. Un-fortunately, the leader on the other side of the aisle doesn’t want to move them. This is one of those amend-ments. It is a very bipartisan amend-ment. If it were allowed to come to the floor, it would probably pass over-whelmingly. It is a simple amendment. 
All it does is ask the President to fol-low the law when it comes to raising the pay of members of our military. It is a simple amendment. 
The law States that our servicemem-
bers are entitled to get a larger pay in-crease—not much, but when there is a pay increase, they should get a slightly larger pay increase than their civilian counterparts. That is the current law. My amendment expresses the sense of the Senate that when giving a pay in-crease to members of the Department of Defense, military and civilian, that the President simply needs to follow the law. 
I want to emphasize something as 
somebody who has served in the mili-tary and is still serving in the Re-serves. Our civilian DOD employees and members do a superb job. They are patriotic, they work hard, and they deeply respect the members of the military with whom they serve. I have seen this throughout my entire career. 
The current law, however, recognizes 
the unique sacrifices our servicemem-bers make wearing the uniform of our country and mandates a half-a-percent greater pay increase when there is a pay increase for our men and women in uniform. Right now, the President is not abiding by that law. It is simple. He needs to do it. My amendment would request and focus on this issue, and I think we could probably get 100 Senators to vote for it. 
What is the origin of this law and the 
intent behind it? It is simple. It recog-nizes the unique sacrifices our men and women in the military make. These sacrifices are well known to the Amer-ican people. They include long hours and serious, difficult separations from family. Of course, they include the risk of combat when our troops are de-ployed overseas in combat zones. It in-cludes hardship to families. When our troops are deployed, they miss wed-dings, birthdays, first communions. It even takes training into account be-cause the members of the military don’t work on a 9-to-5 basis. 
I will give one example. I had the 
great opportunity to head out to the National Training Center in Fort Irwin, CA. It is one of the great train-ing bases in our country—one of the great training places in the world. I was there to watch the training of the 1st Stryker Brigade, which is based in Fairbanks, AK. They were out there for a month deployment and training hard. They were not punching a clock 9 to 5; they were training around the clock every day. 
I happened to be out there on Super 
Bowl Sunday. The vast majority of Americans were enjoying the Super Bowl, as they should have been. They were having fun, going to parties, watching the game, drinking Coke, Pepsi, and a little beer. But there were some Americans who were out in the middle of Fort Irwin in the desert training. They were not watching the Super Bowl; they were training to make sure that when their country 
next called them up, they would be ready to protect our Nation. That is the reason this law states that we treat our military members a little bit dif-ferent than other members of the De-partment of Defense. 
That is all my amendment would do, 
but unfortunately, this one, like doz-ens, if not hundreds, is not going to be heard—at least for the time being—be-cause the minority leader on the other side is trying to bring back the way they used to run the Senate last year and the year before and the year before that. 
We know. We heard the stories. Last 
year, again, there were 14 amendments that were brought to the floor for a rollcall vote in 2014. They essentially shut down the greatest deliberative body in the world. We have heard the stories of how the previous majority leader used his position to block con-sideration of amendments more than twice as often as the previous six ma-jority leaders combined, and now we are doing it on a bill that relates to the national security of our Nation and the critical issue of taking care of the men and women in uniform. 
I hope we can move through this. I 
hope we can get to regular order. I hope this body can take up amend-ments such as mine—commonsense, bi-partisan amendments that are going to keep our Nation safer, take care of our troops and their families, and give the American people faith that we are doing the job they sent us here to do. That is my hope. 
We are already doing it under the 
new majority leader. We voted on al-most 200 amendments already this year, but right now we are stuck on one of the most important bills this body will consider for the entire year. It is a shame. We need to get unstuck. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
SECTION 3112 OF S. CON. RES. 11 
Mr. HATCH. On March 27, 2015, the 
Senate functioned properly by adopting S. Con. Res. 11 on the congressional budget for the U.S. Government for fis-cal year 2016. 
Section 3112 of that budget resolution 
contains a specification of procedures governing cost estimates for what is defined to be ‘‘major legislation’’ as de-fined in section 3112(c)(1). 
I wish to provide a few comments to 
clarify that section of the budget reso-lution, and I understand that my dis-tinguished colleague from Oregon, Fi-nance Committee Ranking Member 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.064 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4098 June 11, 2015 
WYDEN , also wishes to provide separate 
and related comments. 
In setting out what is to be taken as 
‘‘major legislation,’’ the budget resolu-tion specifies that legislation may be designated to be ‘‘major’’ if the Sen-ator or House Member who is chairman or vice chairman of the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, or JCT, designates the legislation as such ‘‘for revenue legislation.’’ Of course, such language is entirely consistent with existing laws and practice, under which the re-sponsibility and control over revenue estimates in the congressional budget process lies squarely with the chair and vice chair of the JCT. 
The budget resolution also specifies 
that legislation may be designated to be ‘‘major’’ if the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget in the Senate or the House designates the legislation as such ‘‘for all direct spending and rev-enue legislation.’’ Of course, existing laws and practice assigns responsibility and control over spending estimates with the Budget Committees. However, the budget resolution includes ‘‘rev-enue legislation’’ as part of what the Budget Committee chairs may use for designating legislation as being ‘‘major.’’ 
As I understand the intent of the lan-
guage, when major legislation is to be considered, there can be cases in which the legislation may require estimates both from the JCT and from the Con-gressional Budget Office, or CBO. In such cases, there is nothing to prohibit use of longstanding practice in which the Budget Committees consult with the chair and vice chair of the JCT to ensure that any necessary revenue esti-mates are arrived at by the JCT, for use in scoring major legislation. To be clear, however, nothing in the budget resolution should be taken to mean that the chairs of the Budget Commit-tees have authority to interfere with the responsibility and control over rev-enue estimates in any part of the con-gressional budget process which, as I identified earlier, lies squarely with the chair and vice chair of the JCT. 
It is my understanding that the budg-
et resolution does not direct or allow for any possibility of such interference, and my purpose in the remarks I am making today is to make that under-standing clear. As I have mentioned, longstanding practice has been that if a need arises for the CBO to obtain in-formation on major legislation from the JCT in terms of revenue estimates or effects of legislative proposals on marginal effective tax rates, Budget Committee members can ensure that those estimates and effects are ob-tained by consulting with the chair and vice chair of the JCT. This long-standing practice ensures smooth proc-essing of the JCT’s workload, and pre-vents any direct control or interven-tion in JCT’s workload from other committees with other jurisdictions. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I share 
the concern of my colleague, the Fi-nance Committee chairman, and I sup-port his interpretation of this provi-
sion. In accordance with longstanding historical practice, and because of im-portant practical considerations, the chair and vice chair of the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation should exercise principal control over the revenue esti-mating process, and section 3112 should not be interpreted to authorize the chairs of the Budget Committees to interfere with JCT’s responsibility for and control over revenue estimates in any part of the congressional budget process. 
However, I must note that on the 
broader point of dynamic estimates, I am opposed, and I was therefore op-posed to section 3112 being included in the budget resolution and conference agreement to start with. Dynamic esti-mates rely on shaky math and conven-ient assumptions that reward advo-cates of tax cuts while punishing advo-cates of long-term investments in peo-ple and our Nation’s infrastructure. 
f 
FAIR ELECTIONS NOW ACT 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it was 8 
years ago that I first introduced the Fair Elections Now Act. Former Sen-ator Arlen Specter, our late colleague and former chairman of the Judiciary Committee, was my lead cosponsor. We introduced the bill because we believed that America needs a system that re-wards candidates with the best ideas and principles—not just the person who is the most talented in raising special interest money. 
I noted that day that our democracy 
was in trouble because special interests and big-donor money were choking the system and preventing us from facing up to the big challenges of our time. Little did I know that almost a decade later, this problem would have grown much worse. 
Through a series of recent cases—in-
cluding the infamous Citizens United decision—the Supreme Court has al-lowed wealthy, well-connected cam-paign donors and special interests to unleash a deluge of cash in an effort to sway Federal, State, and local elec-tions across our Nation. When it comes to understanding the influence of wealthy donors and special interests on Federal elections, the numbers speak for themselves. 
In the 2012 election cycle, candidates 
for both the House and Senate raised the majority of their funds from large donations of $1,000 or more. Forty per-cent of all contributions to Senate can-didates came from donors who maxed out at the $2,500 contribution limit, representing just 0.02 percent of the American population. 
We saw this trend continue during 
the recent midterm elections. The 100 biggest donors gave a combined $323 million during the 2014 election cycle through official campaign contribu-tions and donations to national party committees, PACs, Super PACs, and 527 organizations. In contrast to those 100 donors, an estimated 4.75 million people gave a comparable amount of 
$356 million through small-dollar dona-tions of $200 or less. Astonishing as these figures are, they don’t include the $173 million spent in the 2014 elec-tion cycle by tax-exempt ‘‘dark money’’ groups that are not required to publicly disclose their donors. 
Deep-pocketed special interests are 
aiming to control the agenda in Con-gress. It is time to fight back and fun-damentally reform the way we finance congressional elections. We need a sys-tem that allows candidates to focus on constituents instead of fundraising—a system that encourages ordinary Americans to make their voice heard with small, affordable donations to the candidate of their choice. 
That is why I am once again intro-
ducing the Fair Elections Now Act. While this bill cannot solve all of the problems facing our Nation’s campaign finance system, the Fair Elections Now Act will dramatically change the way campaigns are funded. This bill allows candidates to focus on the people they represent, regardless of whether those people have the wealth to attend a big money fundraiser or donate thousands of dollars. 
I would like to thank Sens. B
ALDWIN , 
BOXER , BROWN , FRANKEN , GILLIBRAND , 
HEINRICH , KLOBUCHAR , LEAHY , MARKEY , 
MCCASKILL , MENENDEZ , MERKLEY , MUR-
PHY, SANDERS , SHAHEEN , UDALL , and 
WARREN for cosponsoring the Fair 
Elections Now Act and joining me in this effort to reform our campaign fi-nance system. 
The Fair Elections Now Act will help 
restore public confidence in congres-sional elections by providing qualified candidates for Congress with grants, matching funds, and vouchers from the Fair Elections Fund to replace cam-paign fundraising that largely relies on lobbyists, wealthy donors, corpora-tions, and other special interests. In re-turn, participating candidates would agree to limit their campaign spending to amounts raised from small-dollar donors plus the amounts provided from the Fair Elections Fund. 
The Fair Elections system would 
have three stages for Senate can-didates. First, candidates would need to prove their viability by raising a minimum number and amount of small-dollar qualifying contributions from in-state donors. Qualified can-didates would then be required to limit the amount raised from each donor to $150 per election. 
In the primary, participants would 
receive a base grant that would vary in amount based on the population of the State that the candidate seeks to rep-resent. Participants would also receive a 6 to 1 match for small-dollar dona-tions up to a defined matching cap. After reaching that cap, the candidate could raise an unlimited amount of $150 contributions, as well as contributions from small-donor People PACs. 
In the general election, qualified can-
didates would receive an additional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.071 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4099 June 11, 2015 
grant, further small-dollar matching, 
and vouchers for purchasing television advertising. The candidate could con-tinue to raise an unlimited amount of $150 contributions, as well as contribu-tions from small-donor People PACs. 
Under the Fair Elections Now Act, 
candidates would have an incentive to seek small donations. And citizens would have an incentive to donate to the candidate of their choice, knowing that their small donation of $150 would be converted to a $900 donation through the 6 to 1 Fair Elections match. 
Citizens would also be eligible for a 
modest, refundable tax credit. The Fair Elections Now Act establishes the ‘‘My Voice Tax Credit’’ to encourage indi-viduals to make small donations to campaigns. Citizens could also make their voices heard by aggregating small contributions of $150 or less into a type of small-donor political action com-mittee, known as a ‘‘People PAC.’’ Peo-ple PACs would then be permitted to make campaign contributions to quali-fied Fair Elections candidates. Coupled with the Fair Elections public financ-ing system, People PACs would elevate the views and interests of a diverse spectrum of Americans, rather than those of the traditional, wealthy donor class. 
Our country is facing major chal-
lenges. We need to continue to create more jobs and restore economic secu-rity for the middle class. We need to build and sustain our transportation infrastructure. We need to fix our bro-ken immigration system. We need to ensure that the right to vote is pro-tected and preserved. 
But with high-powered, special inter-
est lobbyists fighting every proposal to make our country stronger, it is in-credibly difficult for members of Con-gress to make progress on behalf of their constituents. This bill would dra-matically reduce the influence of these special interests and wealthy donors, because Fair Elections candidates would not need their money to run campaigns. As a result, the bill would enhance the voice of average Ameri-cans. Let me be clear: the over-whelming majority of people serving in American politics are good, honest peo-ple, and I believe that most members of Congress are guided by the best of in-tentions. But we are nonetheless stuck in a terrible, corrupting system. 
A recent poll found bipartisan con-
cerns about our current system. Ac-cording to the poll, more than four out of five Americans say money plays too great a role in political campaigns. Two-thirds say that the wealthy have more of a chance to influence the elec-toral process than other Americans. The perception is that politicians are corrupted by big money interests . . . and whether that is true or not, that perception and the loss of trust that goes with it make it very difficult for Congress to solve tough issues. 
This problem—the perception of per-
vasive corruption—is undermining our democracy, and we must address it. Ev-
eryone is entitled to a seat at the table, but wealthy donors and big cor-porations shouldn’t be able to buy every seat. 
The Fair Elections Now Act will re-
form our campaign finance system so that members of Congress can focus on implementing policies in the best in-terest of the people who elected them— not just the wealthy donors and special interests that bankrolled their success. I urge my colleagues and the American people to support this important legis-lation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 90TH BIRTHDAY 
OF LESTER CROWN 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today I 
recognize the 90th birthday of one of the outstanding business leaders of our time—Chicago businessman, Lester Crown. 
Lester Crown was born on June 7, 
1925, to Henry Crown, the son of Jewish immigrants from Lithuania, and his wife, Rebecca Kranz. Like many other Illinoisans, Lester came from a family of Lithuanian immigrants with humble beginnings who moved to America to pursue a better life for their children. 
Lester’s father worked hard with his 
two brothers to build their family con-struction supplies company, the Mate-rial Service Corporation. As a young man, Lester worked with his father at the Material Service’s quarry over the summers to lend a hand. Through the hard work and dedication of the entire Crown family, the Material Service Corporation became one of the most successful companies in America. Sev-eral years later, that family business merged with General Dynamics Cor-poration to become America’s largest defense contractor. 
From the start, Lester saw his fa-
ther’s work and learned what it took to be a successful businessman. He used his experience to excel and quickly be-came the president of Marblehead Lime and Royal Crown (RC) Cola. After years of managing companies, Lester took over as chair of General Dynamics and as the head of the family invest-ment firm. 
One of Lester’s many talents has 
been his ability to recognize great po-tential. His eye for promising invest-ments has led him to grace the Forbes 400 list every year since 1982. With a quick glance at his impressive list of investments we can easily see why—he is a major shareholder in Maytag, Hil-ton Hotels, Alltel, Aspen Skiing Com-pany, New York’s Rockefeller Center, the New York Yankees, and Illinois’ very own Chicago Bulls. 
But Lester is not just a successful 
businessman, he is also a dedicated phi-lanthropist, husband, and father. He has channeled his successes to provide generous contributions to a wide array of local and national projects. His char-itable footprint can be seen in land-marks such as the famous Crown Foun-tain in Millennium Park, the Lyric Opera of Chicago, Stroger Hospital, and 
in universities across the Nation. 
Lester and his wife Renee have been 
happily married for more than 60 years and have seven children. Renee serves as a founding member and former president of the Women’s Board of Northwestern University and a life di-rector of the Multiple Sclerosis Soci-ety. She also serves on the board of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Chicago, the Field Museum, the Joffrey Ballet, and as an honorary chair of the Shoah Vis-ual History Foundation. 
Lester and Renee are an inspiration 
for many in their family who have be-come successful investors and philan-thropists. Their son Jim is continuing the legacy started by Lester’s father nearly a century ago by now serving as the lead director of General Dynamics. Together, the Crown family works with roughly 600 groups a year and donates millions of dollars annually to support organizations that focus on education and community development. 
In addition to the energy Lester has 
poured into his family and business life, he has been a pillar in the Jewish- American community in his support of Israel. Few can match his dedicated commitment to the survival and suc-cess of the nation of Israel. 
While few share Lester’s long list of 
business achievements, even fewer share his level of leadership and gen-erosity. It is with great pride that I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the 90th birthday of Lester Crown and to congratulate him on his legendary career and his many contributions to the city of Chicago, the Nation, and the world. I offer my best wishes as he continues to provide visionary leader-ship through his business endeavors and family philanthropy for years to come. 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF ERIC MILLER 
TO BE VERMONT’S U.S. ATTORNEY 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last 
night, the Senate confirmed Eric Mil-ler to be Vermont’s 37th U.S. attorney. I am confident that he will do an out-standing job as the top Federal law en-forcement officer in the State. Before recommending Eric to the President, I consulted prosecutors, defense attor-neys, judges, law enforcement officials, and civic leaders throughout Vermont. They were unanimous in their support for Eric. I was particularly impressed with his thoughtfulness, vision, and depth of experience. Eric Miller is one of Vermont’s leading trial attorneys. He is well regarded by State and local law enforcement and leaders in Vermont’s legal community. 
Eric Miller has worked since 1999 in 
the Burlington office of the law firm Sheehey Furlong & Behm PC, serving as partner since 2002. He has litigated a range of complex issues in Federal civil and criminal cases, including trials and appeals. As an appointee to the Crimi-nal Justice Act panel of the U.S. Dis-trict Court for the District of Vermont, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.058 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4100 June 11, 2015 
Eric has also represented indigent de-
fendants in serious felony cases involv-ing narcotics, weapons, and immigra-tion-related charges. He clerked for the Honorable Fred Parker on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in Burlington. He has a law degree from Yale University and an under-graduate degree from Duke University. 
I thank Eric for his willingness to 
continue to serve Vermont and I con-gratulate him on his confirmation. 
f 
SENATE COMPETITIVE CAUCUS 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, the hall-
mark of our Nation’s economy has long been the ability of anyone with cre-ativity, ambition, and a good work ethic to realize their dreams and move America forward. From the lightbulb to the iPhone, the legacy of American invention has shone brightly through-out the world. Yet while our culture of innovation and entrepreneurial spirit remain strong, the policy framework that empowers that spirit to flourish is losing its competitive edge. 
For years, enabling our Nation’s in-
novative drive was an economic system unparalleled around the world—from competitive tax laws to public invest-ments in research, infrastructure, and education. We have long understood something that many other countries haven’t: for innovation and the entre-preneurial spirit to thrive, we need a strong, competitive economic eco-system. There simply is no single silver bullet for economic growth. 
While other nations catch up, our 
system is deteriorating in a number of ways. Federal investments in basic re-search and development are not keep-ing up with inflation and our tax code remains riddled with complexity, un-able to spur growth and provide the certainty our businesses need. We also have to address the tough questions about how to fund our infrastructure, transportation, and education systems. In our dynamic market economy, the natural churn of businesses opening and closing keeps our Nation competi-tive, as long as we are creating more businesses than we are closing, of course. According to the Census Bu-reau, however, U.S. businesses are now failing faster than they are being cre-ated for the first time in 35 years— since the data began being recorded. Meanwhile, the 2014 Global Innovation Index saw the U.S. innovation eco-system fall to 6th, while ranking 39th in ease of starting a business. These de-clines are coupled to a global R&D forecast that projects leading competi-tors—like China—will surpass the U.S. in total R&D investment by 2022. 
Yet even with these challenges, we do 
retain a competitive edge. Americans’ entrepreneurial drive still spurs our economy; manufacturing output con-tinues to increase; our colleges and universities remain the envy of the world; innovations in the American en-ergy industry have reduced our trade deficit and improved our energy secu-rity; and private sector R&D has re-
bounded after several years of stagna-tion. 
We now find ourselves at a competi-
tive inflection point. We can either do more to nurture and take advantage of our strengths—only some of which we have mentioned—or we can fall behind in the 21st century. In order to support our competitive strengths, Senator J
ERRY MORAN and I are launching the 
bipartisan Senate Competitiveness Caucus, a forum to bring together Democrats and Republicans to address the most pressing issues facing our economy. 
Rather than focus on just one issue 
or one bill, we have built the caucus with the understanding that it will take a whole range of policies working in concert to sustain our innovation ecosystem. 
We will pursue ways to invest in our 
roads, bridges, ports, and highways so they meet the needs of a 21st century economy. We will work to make our tax code more competitive so the United States will remain the best country in which to do business and raise a family. We will seek to stream-line regulations to protect consumers and make it easier to start and grow a business. We will look at our Federal budget and focus Federal resources on pro-growth policies that will create an environment for job creation now and into the future. We will work together to boost manufacturing because no country can support a strong middle class without a thriving manufacturing sector. That is just a start. 
If the last century has taught us any-
thing, it is that other countries will not slow down when it comes to chas-ing America’s economic success. That means that even though the United States remains a world leader in inno-vation and competitiveness, it will only become more difficult to retain that position as the years go by. Mem-bers of the Competitiveness Caucus un-derstand that we are now competing with every country, every government, every worker, and every business on the planet. Congress must come to-gether to turn our economic challenges into opportunities for growth. 
f 
HEALTH INFORMATION EXCHANGE: 
A PATH TOWARDS IMPROVING THE QUALITY AND VALUE OF HEALTH CARE FOR PATIENTS 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of my remarks at 
the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing ear-lier this week. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
HEALTH INFORMATION EXCHANGE : A P ATHTO-
WARDS IMPROVING THE QUALITY AND VALUE  
OFHEALTH CARE FOR PATIENTS  
We’re here today to outline our plans to 
conduct an intensive review of electronic health records. There is a great deal of bipartisan interest 
in this on the committee. My staff and Sen. Murray’s staff have been meeting with ex-perts every day, the staff of each of our com-mittee members have been meeting once a week, and Sen Murray and myself have been speaking with the administration regularly as well. 
The administration understands our level 
of interest and is working with us to improve these records. 
Here’s what we’re talking about: The Meaningful Use Program began in 2009 
to encourage the 491,000 physicians who serve Medicaid and Medicare patients and almost 4,500 hospitals who serve those patients to begin to adopt and use electronic health records systems. 
Of those 491,000 physicians, 456,000 have re-
ceived some sort of Medicare or Medicaid in-centive payment from the Meaningful Use Program. All hospitals and most physicians that tried were able to meet the first stage requirements. For those who met the re-quirements, the government paid incentive payments in the form of higher Medicare re-imbursements. It has so far paid out $30 bil-lion in incentive payments. 
But the program’s stage 2 requirements are 
so complex that only about 11 percent of eli-gible physicians have been able to comply so far, and just about 42 percent of eligible hos-pitals have been able to comply. 
The next step in the program is penalties 
for doctors and hospitals that don’t comply. This year, 257,000 physicians have already begun losing 1 percent of their Medicare re-imbursements and 200 hospitals may be los-ing even more than that. 
Our goal is to identify the 5 or 6 steps we 
can take to improve electronic health records—a technology that has great prom-ise, but has, through bad policy and bad in-centives, run off track. 
To put it bluntly, physicians and doctors 
have said to me that they are literally ‘‘ter-rified’’ on the next implementation stage of electronic health records, called Meaningful Use Stage 3, because of its complexity and because of the fines that will be levied. 
My goal is that before that phase is imple-
mented, we can work with physicians and hospitals and the administration to get the system back on track and make it a tool that hospitals and physicians can look for-ward to using to help their patients instead of something they dread. 
Today will mark the start of a series of 
hearings we will hold this summer to address various possible solutions. 
Senator Murray and I are today announc-
ing the next two hearings in the series, which will be chaired by different members of our committee to examine solutions to the problems we identify. 
The first hearing is on the burden physi-
cians face with these systems, and I have asked Senator Cassidy, who is a physician himself, to chair that hearing. 
The second hearing is on the question of 
whether you and I control information about our health, and I have asked Senator Collins to chair that hearing. 
On March 17, we held our first hearing to 
identify the problems with electronic health records, and the government’s Meaningful Use Program. 
At today’s hearing, we will set the table 
for this series of hearings by discussing how we can solve those problems and improve electronic health records. 
I was in Nashville at Vanderbilt University 
two weeks ago for a public workshop of the National Institutes of Health Precision Med-icine Working Group, which is working out the details of the president’s precision medi-cine initiative. That will involve creating a collection of 1 million sequenced genomes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.036 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4101 June 11, 2015 
that researchers and scientists and doctors 
nationwide can consult in treating patients and curing diseases. 
It’s cutting edge medicine that has the po-
tential to change the way we treat every-thing from diabetes to cancer. 
But it will only work the way it’s supposed 
to if electronic health records systems work the way they are supposed to. 
Number one, electronic health records can 
help to assemble and understand the genomes of the one million individuals. And, second, if we want to make genetic informa-tion useful, being able to exchange informa-tion will help doctors when they write a pre-scription for you. 
So that’s just one important medical 
breakthrough initiative that will rely on a big improvement to electronic health records. 
This committee is interested not least be-
cause the government has invested $30 bil-lion to encourage doctors and hospitals to install these expensive systems. 
The program has increased adoption. Ac-
cording to the Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services (CMS), since 2009, the percent-age of physicians with a basic electronic health record system has grown from 22 per-cent to 48 percent. And the percentage of hospitals with a basic records system has grown from 12 percent to 59 percent. But the program hasn’t done enough to make the systems easy to use or interoperable—mean-ing able to communicate with one another— or really achieved much beyond adoption. 
According to a Medical Economics survey 
nearly 70 percent of physicians say their electronic health record systems have not been worth it. They are spending more time taking notes than taking care of patients, and they are spending a lot of their own money on systems that have to comply with government requirements, not satisfying their own needs to serve patients with the latest in cutting edge medicine that could be accessed with the kind of technology Health IT is supposed to promise. 
Or as the conservative columnist Charles 
Krauthammer, a doctor himself, wrote re-cently: ‘‘The EHR technology, being in its infancy, is hopelessly inefficient. Hospital physicians will tell you endless tales about the wastefulness of the data collection and how the lack of interoperability defeats the very purpose of data sharing.’’ 
Today we have invited experts rep-
resenting various perspectives: 
Medical informatics, the profession focused 
on what information to use and how to use it to improve care; a records system vendor, one of the companies tasked with building the records systems; a health system chief information officer, the expert in charge of implementing Health IT for a hospital’s many different types of care providers across many different types of care settings; and the perspective of the patient so that we can hear recommendations on how improvements in Health IT can improve the patient experi-ence and patient involvement in their own care. 
I am especially interested to hear from our 
witnesses their recommendations to improve the exchange of health information, which has been a glaring failure of the current state of electronic health records. 
Patients will receive better care if we can 
improve the exchange of information so that a patient’s health record can be accessed by physicians and pharmacists in an efficient and reliable way, the term industry experts use for this exchange of information is inter-operability. 
We’re fortunate that a report was pub-
lished May 28, 2015, by the American Medical Informatics Association offering immediate strategies to the challenges in electronic health records that I’ve been detailing. The 
report was written by a task force of experts from all aspects of Health IT: physicians, re-searchers, vendors, patient advocates, and others. 
We know that improvements need to be 
made to these programs, and they need to be done quickly. One of the things I like about this report is that the recommendations are targeted for the next 6 to 12 months and could make improvements quickly. 
The report makes recommendations in 
these five areas: 
Simplify and speed documentation—that 
means using technology to help doctors spend less time taking notes and more time taking care of patients. 
Refocus regulation—that means the gov-
ernment requirements should be clear, sim-ple, and streamlined towards better patient care. 
Increase transparency and streamline cer-
tification, such as using detailed tests for records systems to receive certification, so purchasers can easily judge performance and compare products. 
Foster innovation—The brilliant minds 
working in Information Technology should be allowed to innovate new ideas, not just react to satisfying government ideas for Health IT. Standards are important, but they should support and enable innova-tions—not stifle them. 
And ‘‘support person-centered care deliv-
ery’’—Today, with a click of a mouse or a swipe on a smart phone, one can see the prices for airplane tickets from competing airlines or, mortgage rates from hundreds of banks. But, in health care, Information Technology has not made much difference to the patient experience. Patients still fill out paper forms with clipboards at every doctor appointment, call multiple offices to make appointments, and piece together their health information one doctor office and one hospital visit at a time. Electronic health records could change that experience for all of us so that when an individual visits a doc-tor, his care team can access his information no matter where the patient has been or which doctors he’s seen in the past and de-liver more accurate and higher quality care for the patient. 
I look forward to hearing our witnesses’ 
recommendations, their thoughts on this re-port, and also advice on how we can make improvements as quickly as possible. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF KIWANIS INTER-NATIONAL 
∑Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, 
today I wish to honor Kiwanis Inter-national for its 100th anniversary cele-bration. Since its formation in 1915, Kiwanis has become a global service organization, supporting communities both in its Indianapolis headquarters and beyond. 
Last year, I had the pleasure of meet-
ing Stan Soderstrom, who serves as the executive director of Kiwanis Inter-national and oversees the organiza-tion’s branches and clubs in 80 nations, from the Kiwanis Club of Pike Town-ship in Indianapolis. With a hands-on approach and great leadership from folks like Stan, as well as previous leaders such as State Representative Christina Hale, Kiwanis clubs provide a place for fellowship, as well as personal 
and community growth. Kiwanis and its affiliates boast more than 600,000 members who raise more than $100 mil-lion and contribute more than 18 mil-lion volunteer hours each year. Their impact is tremendous and felt globally. 
In the State of Indiana, there are 
more than 190 Kiwanis clubs and more than 6,000 adult members participating in a wide variety of charitable efforts. Kiwanis has served the Indianapolis area by providing everything from playground projects to scholarship pro-grams. Hoosier Kiwanis clubs have raised more than $234,000 to benefit the Child Life program at Riley Hospital for Children and contributed more than $1.1 million toward the Eliminate 
Project, which works with developing countries to help immunize millions of women in the fight against maternal and neonatal tetanus. These Hoosiers serve as an example of the hard work and service that make Indiana a great place to live. Each year, Kiwanis clubs in Indiana serve nearly 300,000 children and youths, raise more than $1.1 mil-lion, and donate more than 50,000 vol-unteer hours of invaluable service. I commend the Indiana district Kiwanis leaders for these great accomplish-ments in doing good for Indiana com-munities and the world. 
On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I 
congratulate and thank each and every member of Kiwanis International for helping Kiwanis evolve into the thriv-ing and impactful organization that it is today. For a century, Kiwanians have faithfully served their local com-munities and communities around the world. I wish them continued growth and success for many more years to come. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNIVER-
SITY OF NEVADA, LAS VEGAS ROBOTICS TEAM 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, UNLV, robotics team on being selected as one of the top ten in the world by competing in the 2015 U.S. Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency Robotics Chal-lenge. The competition included a dozen teams from the United States, including the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, and Lockheed Martin. Eleven teams from Japan, Germany, Italy, South Korea, and Hong Kong also participated. 
The competition was initially cre-
ated in response to the humanitarian need after the Fukushima Daiichi nu-clear reactor incident in 2011. The goal of the program remains to accelerate the development of advanced robots ca-pable of entering areas too dangerous for humans and acting as first respond-ers in the disaster zone. The robots chosen as finalists, including UNLV’s Metal Rebel, competed in eight tasks related to disaster response, including climbing stairs, turning valves, trip-ping circuit breakers, walking among 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.034 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4102 June 11, 2015 
rubble, and driving alone. Metal Rebel 
took eighth place out of 23 teams, bringing in a score of 6 out of 8 and a time of 57:41. This team of students and faculty stands as a tribute to what dedication and hard work can achieve. I am proud to call them fellow Nevad-ans. 
The team of 15 UNLV engineering 
students was led by Paul Oh, Lincy professor of unmanned aerial systems and expert in robotics and autonomous systems for UNLV’s Howard R. Hughes College of Engineering. Mr. Oh joined the competition to help UNLV and Ne-vada become a national leader in the autonomous systems industry. He was also the former program director for the National Science Foundation ro-botics. His work for this university and our State is greatly appreciated. 
I am excited to see local students and 
faculty bringing recognition to both Nevada and to UNLV for their advance-ment in a global competition. These students should be proud to call them-selves top contenders in this inter-national competition. I ask my col-leagues to join me and all Nevadans in congratulating UNLV for its success and honorable representation of Ne-vada. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING BECKY 
BOSSHART, MICHAEL PFURR, ROHAN DHARAN, MICHAEL MONCRIEFF, AND RYAN LARSEN 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to recognize five of Nevada’s brightest students—Becky Bosshart, Michael Pfurr, Rohan Dharan, Michael Moncrieff, and Ryan Larsen—on being selected as 2015 recipients of the Ful-bright scholarship. 
The Fulbright Scholar Program was 
developed shortly after World War II by former U.S. Senator James William Fulbright due to language barriers ex-perienced by Americans and their al-lies during the war. Students selected for the program study and teach English abroad, building upon their language skills, as well as growing international good will. The scholar-ship is highly competitive, with thou-sands applying from colleges and uni-versities across the country. I am proud to congratulate these five stu-dents on their achievement, as well as the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, UNLV, on receiving its largest amount of Fulbright scholarship selections in a single year in Rebel history. The stu-dents are shining examples of how hard work leads to success, and stand as role models for future Rebels. 
The five students will teach English 
and expand upon their language skills in countries from Eastern Europe to Asia. Ms. Bosshart served in the Peace Corps in Chernvisti, Ukraine, and worked diligently to return to Eastern Europe. She will spend her time in Ro-mania. Mr. L
ARSEN spent the last 6 
years mentoring Fulbright scholarship applicants and will spend time in Japan. Mr. Moncrieff will complete his Ph.D. while studying in Kistanje, Cro-
atia. Mr. Dharan, a member of Teach for America, will expand upon his teaching experience in New Dehli, India. Finally, Mr. Pfurr will build upon his experience in Austria. I am proud to call these excellent students ambassadors for not only the United States, but also for Nevada, through-out their journeys. 
Today, I ask my colleagues to join 
me in congratulating these exceptional young Nevadans. These students worked hard for this incredible oppor-tunity, and I wish them the best of luck in their future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING WOODY 
OVERTON 
∑Mrs. M CCASKILL. Mr. President, I 
congratulate my good friend Woody Overton on his retirement after 14 years as director of governmental af-fairs and community relations at JE Dunn Construction and his many years of leadership and service to Kansas City. Woody demonstrated exceptional professionalism, and I am pleased to recognize his outstanding career today. 
Woody, a native of Trenton, MO, re-
ceived his bachelor’s degree in political science from the University of Mis-souri—Kansas City. He is a U.S. Army veteran and is deeply involved with nonprofit and civic organizations in the Kansas City area. 
Woody served as assistant to former 
U.S. Senator Thomas Eagleton in charge of major projects and con-stituent services from 1977 to 1986. He learned from the best and embodied the lessons he learned from Senator Eagle-ton throughout his life and career. Each time you talk to Woody he will share a lesson he learned through an anecdote. That time in his life was the defining moment of his career, and his love of public service and community involvement came directly from his re-spect and admiration for his boss and friend, Senator Tom Eagleton. 
In 1992, Woody ran the Clinton Presi-
dential campaign in Missouri, helping President Clinton secure a must-win State by ten points. In 1993, Woody was appointed as the Regional Adminis-trator of the General Services Adminis-tration’s, GSA, Heartland Region which includes Missouri, Iowa, Ne-braska, and Kansas. Woody served as its chief executive officer and regional liaison to other Federal agencies, State and local Governments. Woody’s lead-ership and accomplishments in pro-viding better customer service to Fed-eral agencies earned him the GSA Ad-ministrator’s ‘‘Exceptional Service Award’’ in May 2001. 
Woody’s ability to work with Demo-
crats and Republicans to help Kansas City remain a Federal regional center during his tenure as head of Kansas City’s GSA should be commended. He oversaw construction of several impor-tant Kansas City buildings including the Federal courthouse, the Illus W. Davis Civic Mall, the FBI office, and the Agriculture Department complex 
and in Kansas City, Kansas another courthouse and the Environmental Protection Agency headquarters. 
Woody is looking forward to spending 
more time with his family, and espe-cially his grandchildren. I know they will enjoy the opportunity to spend more time with him. 
It is my pleasure to honor Woody 
Overton today. He has touched the lives of many and immensely improved the Kansas City community. 
I ask that the Senate join me in con-
gratulating and honoring Glen W. ‘‘Woody’’ Overton. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAINSTREET SELF 
STORAGE 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small 
businesses are able to recognize what their neighbors and communities need, and what is even more impressive is that they are able to meet those needs quickly and efficiently. This is espe-cially important when a natural dis-aster strikes. That is why this week’s Small Business of the Week is Mainstreet Self Storage of Shreveport, LA. 
Northwest Louisiana is currently 
struggling with major flooding, which has driven families out of their homes and shut down small businesses. In re-sponse, Mainstreet Self Storage is doing its part to help those affected by offering free storage space for the next 3 months. Through this program, Mainstreet aims to provide folks a safe, secure space to store their belongings— truly a fine example of Louisiana’s in-genuity and generosity. 
In May of 2009, the Delaney family 
opened a facility offering storage and moving solutions for Shreveport-Bos-sier city residents. Mainstreet Self Storage’s complex is comprised of cli-mate-controlled units, nonclimate con-trolled-units, car garages, cover RV storage, and open or closed storage for boats and vehicles. Mainstreet’s top-of- the-line security system and humidity- controlled units give clients a peace of mind in the stowing of their belong-ings. Shortly after opening, Mainstreet partnered with the U-Haul company in order to offer moving and transpor-tation equipment to their customers. In the years since, Mainstreet Self Storage has become a Top 100 U-Haul Dealer and was recently named the eighth in the Nation for customer serv-ice. 
Congratulations to MainStreet Stor-
age for being selected as the Small Business of the Week. We appreciate and recognize your generosity and commitment to aiding your neighbors in Northwest Louisiana during these times of need. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message from the President of the 
United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.057 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4103 June 11, 2015 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGE REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate a mes-sage from the President of the United States submitting nominations which were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
(The message received today is print-
ed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:31 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2393. An act to amend the Agricul-
tural Marketing Act of 1946 to repeal coun-try of origin labeling requirements with re-spect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 54. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the reprinting of the 25th edition of the pocket version of the United States Con-stitution. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 1928a, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the United States Group of the NATO Parliamentary As-sembly: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, and Mr. C ONNOLLY  
of Virginia. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: 
H.R. 23. A bill to reauthorize the National 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–62). 
By Mr. COCHRAN, from the Committee on 
Appropriations, without amendment: 
S. 1558. An original bill making appropria-
tions for Department of Defense for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–63). 
By Mrs. CAPITO, from the Committee on 
Appropriations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
H.R. 2250. A bill making appropriations for 
the Legislative Branch for fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept . No. 114–64). 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, without amendment: 
S. 756. A bill to require a report on ac-
countability for war crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. 
SCHATZ , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. R UBIO): 
S. 1551. A bill to provide for certain re-
quirements relating to the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority stewardship transition; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. DAINES: 
S. 1552. A bill to authorize the Dry- 
Redwater Regional Water Authority System and the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water Sys-tem in the State of Montana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAIN, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. C RUZ, 
Mr. D AINES , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. H ATCH , 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. C OATS , 
Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. V ITTER , 
Mr. C OTTON , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. R ISCH, 
Mrs. E RNST , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. M ORAN , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. 
THUNE , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. 
SASSE, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. S COTT, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
CRAPO , Mr. S HELBY , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. 
WICKER , Mr. P AUL, Mr. B ARRASSO , 
Mr. E NZI, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B OOZMAN , 
Mr. B URR, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. 
FLAKE , and Mr. T OOMEY ): 
S. 1553. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. 
M
ERKLEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN ): 
S. 1554. A bill to amend the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act and to direct the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct a study with respect to stormwater runoff from oil and gas operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. H
ELL-
ER, Mr. R EID, Mr. K AINE, and Mr. 
SCHATZ ): 
S. 1555. A bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino vet-erans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. 
F
RANKEN ): 
S. 1556. A bill to amend section 455(m) of 
the Higher Education Act of 1965 in order to allow adjunct faculty members to qualify for public service loan forgiveness; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. T ESTER , and 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 1557. A bill to amend the 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to extend the interest rate limitation on debt entered into during military service to debt incurred during military service to consolidate or re-finance student loans incurred before mili-tary service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. COCHRAN: 
S. 1558. An original bill making appropria-
tions for Department of Defense for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Ap-propriations; placed on the calendar. 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Mr. 
P
ETERS ): 
S. 1559. A bill to protect victims of domes-
tic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psycho-logical trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Ms. 
H
EITKAMP ): 
S. 1560. A bill to amend the Commodity Ex-
change Act to provide end-users with a rea-sonable amount of time to meet their margin requirements and to repeal certain indem-nification requirements for regulatory au-thorities to obtain access to swap data re-quired to be provided by swaps entities; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. 
G
RAHAM ): 
S. 1561. A bill to clarify the definition of 
nonadmitted insurer under the Nonadmitted and Reinsurance Reform Act of 2010, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1562. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reform taxation of alco-holic beverages; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
K
IRK, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. 
MENENDEZ ): 
S. 1563. A bill to amend the Children’s On-
line Privacy Protection Act of 1998 to ex-tend, enhance, and revise the provisions re-lating to collection, use, and disclosure of personal information of children, to estab-lish certain other protections for personal information of children and minors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. SANDERS: 
S. 1564. A bill to require that employers 
provide not less than 10 days of paid vacation time to eligible employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. W ARNER , 
Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. K AINE, and Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 1565. A bill to allow the Bureau of Con-
sumer Financial Protection to provide great-er protection to servicemembers; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. 
F
RANKEN ): 
S. 1566. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to require group and individual health insurance coverage and group health plans to provide for coverage of oral anticancer drugs on terms no less favorable than the coverage provided for anticancer medications administered by a health care provider; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. 
D
AINES , and Mr. T ILLIS ): 
S. 1567. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to provide for a review of the characterization or terms of discharge from the Armed Forces of individuals with mental health disorders alleged to affect terms of discharge; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. 
I
SAKSON , and Mr. B ENNET ): 
S. 1568. A bill to extend the authorization 
to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to author-ize transfers of amounts to carry out the re-placement of such medical center, and for other purposes; considered and passed. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mr. 
T
ESTER , and Mrs. F ISCHER ): 
S. 1569. A bill to require a review of the 
adequacy of existing procedures to ensure at least one employee of the personal office of each Senator serving on a committee that requires access to top secret and sensitive compartmented information may obtain the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.021 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4104 June 11, 2015 
security clearances necessary for the em-
ployee to have access to such information; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. SCHATZ: 
S. 1570. A bill to authorize appropriations 
to the Secretary of Commerce to establish public-private partnerships under the Mar-ket Development Cooperator Program of the International Trade Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. 
THUNE ): 
S. Res. 199. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding establishing a National Strategic Agenda; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. 
K
IRK, Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
CARDIN , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): 
S. Res. 200. A resolution wishing His Holi-
ness the 14th Dalai Lama a happy 80th birth-day on July 6, 2015, and recognizing the out-standing contributions His Holiness has made to the promotion of nonviolence, human rights, interfaith dialogue, environ-mental awareness, and democracy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 146 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 146, a bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior or the Sec-retary of Agriculture to enter into agreements with States and political subdivisions of States providing for the continued operation, in whole or in part, of public land, units of the Na-tional Park System, units of the Na-tional Wildlife Refuge System, and units of the National Forest System in the State during any period in which the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture is unable to maintain normal level of operations at the units due to a lapse in appropria-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 280 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
280, a bill to improve the efficiency, management, and interagency coordi-nation of the Federal permitting proc-ess through reforms overseen by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and for other purposes. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator 
from Washington (Ms. C ANTWELL ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 488 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 488, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse prac-titioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pulmonary rehabilitation pro-grams. 
S. 512 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 512, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to safeguard data stored abroad from improper govern-ment access, and for other purposes. 
S. 578 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure more timely access to home health services for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program. 
At the request of Ms. C
OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
578, supra. 
S. 629 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 629, a bill to enable hospital- based nursing programs that are affili-ated with a hospital to maintain pay-ments under the Medicare program to hospitals for the costs of such pro-grams. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
682, a bill to amend the Truth in Lend-ing Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage. 
S. 843 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of receipt of outpatient observation services in a hospital to-ward satisfying the 3-day inpatient hospital requirement for coverage of skilled nursing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 890 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 890, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-
erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1049 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1049, a bill to allow the financ-
ing by United States persons of sales of agricultural commodities to Cuba. 
S. 1099 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from 
Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1099, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to provide States with flexi-bility in determining the size of em-ployers in the small group market. 
S. 1115 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1115, a bill to close out expired, empty grant accounts. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protec-tion Act to designate additional unlaw-ful acts under the Act, strengthen pen-alties for violations of the Act, im-prove Department of Agriculture en-forcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1140 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and the Senator from 
Alabama (Mr. S HELBY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency to propose a regulation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mr. S
ASSE, his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1140, supra. 
S. 1170 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator 
from Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1170, a bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
S. 1178 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1178, a bill to prohibit implementation of a proposed rule relating to the defi-nition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Clean Water Act, or any substantially similar rule, until a Supplemental Scientific Review Panel and Ephemeral and Intermittent Streams Advisory Committee produce certain reports, and for other purposes. 
S. 1182 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
names of the Senator from Maryland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.008 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4105 June 11, 2015 
(Mr. C ARDIN ) and the Senator from Mis-
sissippi (Mr. W ICKER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1182, a bill to exempt ap-plication of JSA attribution rule in case of existing agreements. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consump-tion of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1239 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1239, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to the ethanol waiver for the Reid vapor pressure limitations under that Act. 
S. 1476 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1476, a bill to require States to report to the Attorney General certain information regarding shooting inci-dents involving law enforcement offi-cers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1495 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1495, a bill to curtail the use of changes in mandatory programs affecting the Crime Victims Fund to inflate spend-ing. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1473 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1473 proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1559 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1559 proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1567 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1567 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 1578 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1578 proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1605 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1605 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1771 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Min-
nesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) and the Senator 
from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1771 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1783 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1783 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1987 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the 
name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1987 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1735, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. DAINES: 
S. 1552. A bill to authorize the Dry- 
Redwater Regional Water Authority System and the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System in the State of Montana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural 
Resources. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1552 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clean Water 
for Rural Communities Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to ensure a safe 
and adequate municipal, rural, and indus-trial water supply for the citizens of— 
(1) Dawson, Garfield, McCone, Prairie, 
Richland, Judith Basin, Wheatland, Golden Valley, Fergus, Yellowstone, and Musselshell Counties in the State of Montana; and 
(2) McKenzie County, North Dakota. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
trator’’ means the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration. 
(2) A
UTHORITY .—The term ‘‘Authority’’ 
means— 
(A) in the case of the Dry-Redwater Re-
gional Water Authority System— 
(i) the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Au-
thority, which is a publicly owned nonprofit water authority formed in accordance with Mont. Code Ann. § 75–6–302 (2007); and 
(ii) any nonprofit successor entity to the 
Authority described in clause (i); and 
(B) in the case of the Musselshell-Judith 
Rural Water System— 
(i) the Central Montana Regional Water 
Authority, which is a publicly owned non-profit water authority formed in accordance with Mont. Code Ann. § 75–6–302 (2007); and 
(ii) any nonprofit successor entity to the 
Authority described in clause (i). 
(3) D
RY-REDWATER REGIONAL WATER AU -
THORITY SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘Dry-Redwater 
Regional Water Authority System’’ means the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System authorized under section 4(a)(1) with a project service area that includes— 
(A) Garfield and McCone Counties in the 
State; 
(B) the area west of the Yellowstone River 
in Dawson and Richland Counties in the State; 
(C) T. 15 N. (including the area north of the 
Township) in Prairie County in the State; and 
(D) the portion of McKenzie County, North 
Dakota, that includes all land that is located west of the Yellowstone River in the State of North Dakota. 
(4) I
NTEGRATED SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘inte-
grated system’’ means the transmission sys-tem owned by the Western Area Power Ad-ministration Basin Electric Power District and the Heartland Consumers Power Dis-trict. 
(5) M
USSELSHELL -JUDITH RURAL WATER SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘‘Musselshell-Judith Rural 
Water System’’ means the Musselshell-Ju-dith Rural Water System authorized under section 4(a)(2) with a project service area that includes— 
(A) Judith Basin, Wheatland, Golden Val-
ley, and Musselshell Counties in the State; 
(B) the portion of Yellowstone County in 
the State within 2 miles of State Highway 3 and within 4 miles of the county line be-tween Golden Valley and Yellowstone Coun-ties in the State, inclusive of the Town of Broadview, Montana; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4106 June 11, 2015 
(C) the portion of Fergus County in the 
State within 2 miles of US Highway 87 and within 4 miles of the county line between Fergus and Judith Basin Counties in the State, inclusive of the Town of Moore, Mon-tana. 
(6) N
ON-FEDERAL DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM .— 
The term ‘‘non-Federal distribution system’’ means a non-Federal utility that provides 
electricity to the counties covered by the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System. 
(7) P
ICK-SLOAN PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Pick- 
Sloan program’’ means the Pick-Sloan Mis-souri River Basin Program (authorized by section 9 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) (58 Stat. 891, chapter 665)). 
(8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(9) S TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the 
State of Montana. 
(10) W ATER SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘Water Sys-
tem’’ means— 
(A) the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Au-
thority System; and 
(B) the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water 
System. 
SEC. 4. DRY-REDWATER REGIONAL WATER AU-
THORITY SYSTEM AND MUSSELSHELL-JUDITH RURAL WATER SYSTEM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary may 
carry out— 
(1) the project entitled the ‘‘Dry-Redwater 
Regional Water Authority System’’ in a manner that is substantially in accordance with the feasibility study entitled ‘‘Dry- Redwater Regional Water System Feasi-bility Study’’ (including revisions of the study), which received funding from the Bu-reau of Reclamation on September 1, 2010; and 
(2) the project entitled the ‘‘Musselshell- 
Judith Rural Water System’’ in a manner that is substantially in accordance with the feasibility report entitled ‘‘Musselshell-Ju-dith Rural Water System Feasibility Re-port’’ (including any and all revisions of the report). 
(b) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .—The Sec-
retary shall enter into a cooperative agree-ment with the Authority to provide Federal assistance for the planning, design, and con-struction of the Water Systems. 
(c) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) F EDERAL SHARE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Federal share of the 
costs relating to the planning, design, and construction of the Water Systems shall not exceed— 
(i) in the case of the Dry-Redwater Re-
gional Water Authority System— 
(I) 75 percent of the total cost of the Dry- 
Redwater Regional Water Authority System; or 
(II) such other lesser amount as may be de-
termined by the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation, in a feasi-bility report; or 
(ii) in the case of the Musselshell-Judith 
Rural Water System, 75 percent of the total cost of the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System. 
(B) L
IMITATION .—Amounts made available 
under subparagraph (A) shall not be return-able or reimbursable under the reclamation laws. 
(2) U
SE OF FEDERAL FUNDS .— 
(A) G ENERAL USES .—Subject to subpara-
graphs (B) and (C), the Water Systems may use Federal funds made available to carry out this section for— 
(i) facilities relating to— (I) water pumping; (II) water treatment; and (III) water storage; (ii) transmission pipelines; (iii) pumping stations; 
(iv) appurtenant buildings, maintenance 
equipment, and access roads; 
(v) any interconnection facility that con-
nects a pipeline of the Water System to a pipeline of a public water system; 
(vi) electrical power transmission and dis-
tribution facilities required for the operation and maintenance of the Water System; 
(vii) any other facility or service required 
for the development of a rural water dis-tribution system, as determined by the Sec-retary; and 
(viii) any property or property right re-
quired for the construction or operation of a facility described in this subsection. 
(B) A
DDITIONAL USES .—In addition to the 
uses described in subparagraph (A)— 
(i) the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Au-
thority System may use Federal funds made available to carry out this section for— 
(I) facilities relating to water intake; and (II) distribution, pumping, and storage fa-
cilities that— 
(aa) serve the needs of citizens who use 
public water systems; 
(bb) are in existence on the date of enact-
ment of this Act; and 
(cc) may be purchased, improved, and re-
paired in accordance with a cooperative agreement entered into by the Secretary under subsection (b); and 
(ii) the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water 
System may use Federal funds made avail-able to carry out this section for— 
(I) facilities relating to— (aa) water supply wells; and 
(bb) distribution pipelines; and (II) control systems. (C) L
IMITATION .—Federal funds made avail-
able to carry out this section shall not be used for the operation, maintenance, or re-placement of the Water Systems. 
(D) T
ITLE.—Title to the Water Systems 
shall be held by the Authority. 
SEC. 5. USE OF POWER FROM PICK-SLOAN PRO-
GRAM BY THE DRY-REDWATER RE-GIONAL WATER AUTHORITY SYSTEM. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that— 
(1) McCone and Garfield Counties in the 
State were designated as impact counties during the period in which the Fort Peck Dam was constructed; and 
(2) as a result of the designation, the Coun-
ties referred to in paragraph (1) were to re-ceive impact mitigation benefits in accord-ance with the Pick-Sloan program. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF POWER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the Administrator shall make available to the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System a quantity of power required, of up to 1
1⁄2megawatt capacity, to meet the pump-
ing and incidental operation requirements of the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System during the period beginning on May 1 and ending on October 31 of each year— 
(A) from the water intake facilities; and (B) through all pumping stations, water 
treatment facilities, reservoirs, storage tanks, and pipelines up to the point of deliv-ery of water by the water supply system to all storage reservoirs and tanks and each en-tity that distributes water at retail to indi-vidual users. 
(2) E
LIGIBILITY .—The Dry-Redwater Re-
gional Water Authority System shall be eli-gible to receive power under paragraph (1) if the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System— 
(A) operates on a not-for-profit basis; and (B) is constructed pursuant to a coopera-
tive agreement entered into by the Secretary under section 4(b). 
(3) R
ATE.—The Administrator shall estab-
lish the cost of the power described in para-graph (1) at the firm power rate. 
(4) A
DDITIONAL POWER .— (A) I N GENERAL .—If power, in addition to 
that made available to the Dry-Redwater Re-gional Water Authority System under para-graph (1), is necessary to meet the pumping requirements of the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority, the Administrator may purchase the necessary additional power at the best available rate. 
(B) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The cost of pur-
chasing additional power shall be reimbursed to the Administrator by the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority. 
(5) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR POWER CHARGES .— 
The Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority shall be responsible for the payment of the power charge described in paragraph (4) and non-Federal delivery costs described in para-graph (6). 
(6) T
RANSMISSION ARRANGEMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Dry-Redwater Re-
gional Water Authority System shall be re-sponsible for all non-Federal transmission and distribution system delivery and service arrangements. 
(B) U
PGRADES .—The Dry-Redwater Re-
gional Water Authority System shall be re-sponsible for funding any transmission up-grades, if required, to the integrated system necessary to deliver power to the Dry- Redwater Regional Water Authority System. 
SEC. 6. WATER RIGHTS. 
Nothing in this Act— (1) preempts or affects any State water 
law; or 
(2) affects any authority of a State, as in 
effect on the date of enactment of this Act, to manage water resources within that State. 
SEC. 7. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—There are authorized 
to be appropriated such sums as are nec-essary to carry out the planning, design, and construction of the Water Systems, substan-tially in accordance with the cost estimate set forth in the applicable feasibility study or feasibility report described in section 4(a). 
(b) C
OSTINDEXING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to 
be appropriated under subsection (a) may be increased or decreased in accordance with ordinary fluctuations in development costs incurred after the applicable date specified in paragraph (2), as indicated by any avail-able engineering cost indices applicable to construction activities that are similar to the construction of the Water Systems. 
(2) A
PPLICABLE DATES .—The date referred 
to in paragraph (1) is— 
(A) in the case of the Dry-Redwater Re-
gional Water Authority System, January 1, 2008; and 
(B) in the case of the Musselshell-Judith 
Rural Water Authority System, November 1, 2014. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and 
Mr. F RANKEN ): 
S. 1556. A bill to amend section 
455(m) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 in order to allow adjunct faculty members to qualify for public service loan forgiveness; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today I 
introduced the Adjunct Faculty Loan Fairness Act, a bill that would enable faculty working less than full-time to participate in the Public Service Stu-dent Loan Forgiveness Program. 
Contingent faculty members are like 
full-time instructors. They have ad-vanced degrees. They teach classes and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.011 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4107 June 11, 2015 
spend many hours outside the class-
room preparing for class. They hold of-fice hours, grade papers and give feed-back to students. They provide advice and write letters of recommendation. Students rely on them. Since most ad-juncts have advanced degrees and, as almost 75 percent of graduate degree recipients have an average of $61,000 in 
student loans, they are also among the 40 million Americans with student debt. 
The Public Service Loan Forgiveness 
program is meant to encourage grad-uates to go into public service by offer-ing student loan forgiveness for eligi-ble federal loans after 10 years of full- time work in government or the non-profit sector. Public service fields like nursing, military service, and public health qualify. Many education jobs qualify, including full-time work at public universities and part-time work at community colleges in high-needs subject areas or areas of shortage. But other faculty members, those who work part-time, are not eligible for loan forgiveness because the law re-quires an annual average of 30 hours per week to qualify for the program. For adjunct faculty working at several schools on a contingent basis, this re-quirement can be difficult or impos-sible to meet, even when they are put-ting in more than 30 hours of work each week. 
The number of faculty hours given 
for each class is calculated differently at different schools. Some give one hour per hour in the classroom while others actually take into consideration the time required outside the class-room. So, even as these faculty mem-bers are working hard and as their op-tions for tenured, full-time positions become slimmer, more of them are overworked and undervalued for their work in public service. 
The Adjunct Faculty Loan Fairness 
Act of 2015 would solve this by amend-ing the Higher Education Act to ex-pand the definition of a ‘‘public service job’’ to include a part-time faculty member who teaches at least one course at an eligible institution of higher education. They would still have to meet all the other require-ments to qualify for the program, in-cluding making 120 on-time payments while employed at a qualifying institu-tion, and they could not be employed full-time elsewhere at the same time. 
This bill would benefit someone like 
Alyson, an adjunct professor from Chi-cago, IL, who graduated with $65,000 in student loan debt and, after 10 years of on-time payments, has over $56,000 left. Like most adjuncts, Alyson strings to-gether multiple teaching assignments along with part-time work to afford her monthly living expenses and min-imum student loan payment. She comes from a family of educators and considers teaching her dream job. Alyson would like to participate in the Public Service Loan Forgiveness pro-gram. This bill would ensure that Alyson and many thousands like her, could obtain credit towards the Public 
Service Loan Program for loan pay-ments she made while teaching, wheth-er she was teaching one course or seven. 
Unfortunately, for all their contribu-
tions to the college programs and the students they work with, adjunct fac-ulty don’t have the same employment benefits or job security as their col-leagues. The number of classes they teach every semester varies. To make ends meet, these professors often end up teaching classes at more than one school in the same semester, getting paid about $3,000 per class and making an average annual income that hovers around minimum wage. This also means that, in some parts of the coun-try, they spend as much time com-muting as they do teaching. 
Nationally, over half of all higher 
education faculty work on a contingent basis, facing low pay with little or no benefits or job security. In the past, these were a minority of professors who were hired to teach an occasional class because they could bring experi-ence to the classroom in a specific field or industry. Over time, as university budgets have tightened and it has got-ten more expensive to hire full-time, tenure track professors, higher edu-cation institutions have increasingly hired adjuncts. 
From 1991 to 2011, the number of 
part-time faculty in the U.S. increased two and a half times from 291,000 to over 760,000. At the same time, the per-centage of professors holding tenure- track positions has been steadily de-creasing—from 45 percent of all in-structors in 1975 to only 24 percent in 2011. The number of full-time instruc-tors, tenured and non-tenured, now makes up only about 50 percent of pro-fessors on U.S. campuses. The other 50 percent of the 1.5 million faculty em-ployees at public and non-profit col-leges and universities in the U.S. work on a part-time, contingent basis. 
Illinois colleges rely heavily on ad-
juncts. In 2012, 53 percent of all faculty at public and not-for-profit colleges and universities in the State, more than 30,400 faculty employees, worked on a part-time basis. This is a 52.6 per-cent increase in part-time faculty in Il-linois compared to a 13 percent in-crease in full-time faculty since 2002. 
Not surprisingly, in Illinois, 69 per-
cent of all part-time faculty work in Chicago, where the cost of living is 16 percent higher than the U.S. average. Based on an average payment of $3,000 per class an adjunct professor must teach between 17 and 30 classes a year to pay for rent and utilities in Chicago. 
They would have to teach up to seven 
classes to afford groceries for a family of four and two to four classes per year just to cover student loan payments. Because they are part-time, they are not eligible for vacation time, paid sick days, or group health-care. So they would have to teach an additional two to three classes to afford family coverage from the lowest priced health insurance offered on Get Covered Illi-
nois, the official health marketplace. 
Even though these professors are 
working in a relatively low-paying field, teaching our students, their part- time status also means they aren’t eli-gible for the Public Service Loan For-giveness Program 
This bill does not completely fix this 
growing reliance on part-time profes-sors who are underpaid and under-valued. But it would ensure that mem-bers of the contingent faculty work-force are no longer excluded from the loan forgiveness program for public servants. I would like to thank my col-league, Senator A
LFRANKEN from Min-
nesota for joining me in this effort. I hope my other colleagues will also join me to provide this benefit to faculty members who provide our students with a quality education. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1556 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Adjunct 
Faculty Loan Fairness Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. LOAN FORGIVENESS FOR ADJUNCT FAC-
ULTY. 
Section 455(m)(3)(B)(ii) of the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(m)(3)(B)(ii)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘teaching as’’ and inserting 
the following: ‘‘teaching— 
‘‘(I) as’’; (2) by striking ‘‘, foreign language faculty, 
and part-time faculty at community col-leges), as determined by the Secretary.’’ and inserting ‘‘and foreign language faculty), as determined by the Secretary; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) as a part-time faculty member or in-
structor who— 
‘‘(aa) teaches not less than 1 course at an 
institution of higher education (as defined in section 101(a)), a postsecondary vocational institution (as defined in section 102(c)), or a Tribal College or University (as defined in section 316(b)); and 
‘‘(bb) is not employed on a full-time basis 
by any other employer.’’. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
TESTER , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 1557. A bill to amend the 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to ex-tend the interest rate limitation on debt entered into during military serv-ice to debt incurred during military service to consolidate or refinance stu-dent loans incurred before military service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1557 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.023 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4108 June 11, 2015 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Service-
member Student Loan Affordability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. INTEREST RATE LIMITATION ON DEBT EN-
TERED INTO DURING MILITARY SERVICE TO CONSOLIDATE OR REFI-NANCE STUDENT LOANS INCURRED BEFORE MILITARY SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
207 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 527) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘
ON DEBT  
INCURRED BEFORE SERVICE ’’ after ‘‘L IMITATION  
TO 6 PERCENT ’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) L IMITATION TO 6 PERCENT ON DEBT IN -
CURRED DURING SERVICE TO CONSOLIDATE OR  
REFINANCE STUDENT LOANS INCURRED BEFORE  
SERVICE .—An obligation or liability bearing 
interest at a rate in excess of 6 percent per year that is incurred by a servicemember, or the servicemember and the servicemember’s spouse jointly, during military service to consolidate or refinance one or more student loans incurred by the servicemember before such military service shall not bear an inter-est at a rate in excess of 6 percent during the period of military service.’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘or (2)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF LIMITATION .—Sub-
section (b) of such section is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the inter-
est rate limitation in subsection (a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘an interest rate limitation in para-graph (1) or (2) of subsection (a)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
AS OF DATE OF ORDER TO ACTIVE DUTY ’’; and 
(B) by inserting before the period at the 
end the following: ‘‘in the case of an obliga-tion or liability covered by subsection (a)(1), or as of the date the servicemember (or serv-icemember and spouse jointly) incurs the ob-ligation or liability concerned under sub-section (a)(2)’’. 
(c) S
TUDENT LOANDEFINED .—Subsection (d) 
of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) S
TUDENT LOAN .—The term ‘student 
loan’ means the following: 
‘‘(A) A Federal student loan made, insured, 
or guaranteed under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.). 
‘‘(B) A private student loan as that term is 
defined in section 140(a) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(a)).’’. 
By Mr. SANDERS: 
S. 1564. A bill to require that employ-
ers provide not less than 10 days of paid vacation time to eligible employees, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I want 
to say a few words about family values. ‘‘Family values’’ is an expression that has been used for many years by my Republican colleagues. Generally speaking, what they mean by ‘‘family values’’ is opposition to a woman’s right to choose, opposition to contra-ception, opposition to gay rights. I happen to strongly disagree with many of my Republican colleagues on those issues. Let me take the opportunity to briefly give a somewhat different per-spective on family values—on real fam-
ily values, on the values that really matter to millions of families in this country. 
When a mother gives birth to a baby 
and is unable to spend time with that newborn child during the first weeks and months of that baby’s life because she does not have the money to stay home and is forced to go back to work, which is the case for millions of moth-ers in this country, that is not a family value. Separating a mother from a newborn baby for economic reasons is not a family value. In fact, that is an attack on everything that a family is supposed to stand for. 
When a wife is diagnosed with cancer 
and her husband cannot get time off of work to take care of her because he does not have any family or medical leave time or sick leave time, that is not a family value. That is an attack on everything that a family is supposed to stand for. 
When a husband, wife, and kids, dur-
ing the course of an entire year, are unable to spend any time on a vaca-tion, when they cannot get together in leisure activity, when they cannot relax and spend quality time with each other, that is not a family value. 
Let us be very clear in understanding 
that, in fact, in terms of protecting the needs of our families, in terms of real family values, in many, many respects the United States of America lags be-hind virtually every other major coun-try on earth. 
When you look at other major coun-
tries, what you find is that the United States is the only advanced economy that does not guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave, some form of paid sick time, some form of paid vacation time. In other words, when it comes to basic workplace pro-tections and family benefits, workers in every other major industrialized country in the world get a better deal than our workers here in the United States. That is wrong. That is a trav-esty, and that has got to change. 
Last place is no place for America. It 
is time for us to join the rest of the in-dustrialized world by showing the peo-ple of this country that we are not just a nation that talks about family values but that we are a nation that is pre-pared to live up to these ideals by mak-ing sure that workers in this country have access to paid family leave, paid sick time, and paid vacations, just like workers in virtually every other major country on earth. 
Simply stated, it is unacceptable 
that millions of women in this country give birth and are forced back to work because they do not have the income to stay home with their newborn babies. 
When we talk about family values, 
what is more important than for moth-ers and fathers to bond with their ba-bies at a time when almost every psy-chologist will tell you those are the most important weeks and months of a human being’s life? What kind of fam-ily value is it when you tell a woman who has just had a baby that she can-
not spend time with her child because she has to go back to work? This is not a family value. That is an insult to every mother, every father, and every newborn child in this country, and we have to change that. 
The reality is that the Family and 
Medical Leave Act that was signed into law in 1993 is totally inadequate. Today, nearly 8 out of 10 workers in this country who are eligible to take time off under this law cannot do so be-cause they cannot afford to do so, ac-cording to the Department of Labor. Even worse, 40 percent of American workers are not even eligible to receive this unpaid leave because they work for a company with fewer than 50 em-ployees. 
In my view, every worker in this 
country should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave, and that is why I am a proud co-sponsor of the FAMILY Act, intro-duced by K
IRSTEN GILLIBRAND . The 
FAMILY Act would guarantee employ-ees 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave to take care of a baby, to help a family member who is diagnosed with cancer or has some other serious med-ical condition or to take care of them-selves if they become seriously ill. Just like Social Security retirement and disability, it is an insurance program that workers would pay into at a price of about one cup of coffee a week. 
That is not all. We have to make cer-
tain that in this country workers have paid sick time. It is absurd that low- wage workers in McDonald’s and Burg-er King and low-wage employees all over this country who get sick are forced to work because they cannot af-ford to take time off. Not only is this unfair to the workers, it is also a pub-lic health issue. I do not know about you, but I am not crazy about the idea of somebody who is sick coming to work and preparing the food that I eat in a restaurant. 
That is why I am supporting the 
Healthy Families Act, introduced by Senator P
ATTY MURRAY , which guaran-
tees 7 days of paid sick leave to Amer-ican workers. This bill would benefit 43 million Americans who today do not have access to paid sick leave, and it would create a permanent floor in workplaces where employers already provide some paid sick leave. 
Last but not least, when we talk 
about the disappearing American mid-dle class, we are talking about millions of American workers working longer hours for lower wages. We are talking about Americans who are overworked, underpaid and, in many cases, living under enormous stress. In my State of Vermont, I see it every week I am home. You talk to people who work not one job but who are working two jobs or sometimes three jobs in order to cobble together some income and some health care. 
Here is an amazing irony. Many of us 
can remember in school reading about workers protesting, taking to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.014 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4109 June 11, 2015 
streets 100 years ago, and they held up 
large banners. Do you know what those banners said 100 years ago? They said: We want a 40-hour workweek. A 40-hour workweek was the demand 100 years ago. Today, we still have not achieved that goal. 
In fact, today 85 percent of men who 
are working and 66 percent of working women are working more than 40 hours a week. In fact, in America today—not widely known but true—our people are working the longest hours of any major country on Earth, because as real wages go down, people have to work 50 hours or they have to work 60 hours. Husbands are working here, and wives are working there—all to cobble to-gether some income in order to provide for the family. 
Today Americans are working 137 
hours a year more than workers in Japan—and the Japanese are very hard workers. We are working 260 hours more than the British and almost 500 hours a year more than French work-ers. 
That is why I am introducing legisla-
tion today to require employers to pro-vide at least 10 days of paid vacation to workers in this country. This is al-ready done in almost every other major country on Earth. It is one more way to demonstrate our commitment to real family values. What we are saying is that if families are overworked and if husbands and wives do not even have the time to spend together with their kids, what family values are about is that at least for 2 weeks a year, people can come together under a relaxed en-vironment and enjoy the family. That is a family value that I want to see happen in this country. 
The time is long overdue for us to 
start talking about real family values, not about abortion, not about gay rights but the values the American people want to see inscribed in law to protect their families. Let us make sure every American worker is entitled to paid family and medical leave, paid sick time, and guaranteed at least some vacation time. Those are real family values. Let’s go forward and make that happen. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
WARNER , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. 
WARREN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
KAINE, and Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 1565. A bill to allow the Bureau of 
Consumer Financial Protection to pro-vide greater protection to servicemembers; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today, 
along with Senators S
CHUMER , MENEN -
DEZ, W ARNER , M ERKLEY , W ARREN , 
BLUMENTHAL , FRANKEN , DURBIN , KAINE, 
and H IRONO , I am introducing the Mili-
tary Consumer Protection Act, which reinforces our commitment to con-sumer protections for servicemembers. 
Our country has a strong tradition of 
ensuring that our servicemembers are protected while they sacrifice to keep 
our Nation safe. Building on such ef-forts, Congress passed the Soldiers’ and Sailor’s Civil Relief Act as World War II escalated to provide crucial financial protections for servicemembers to ‘‘en-able such persons to devote their entire energy to the defense needs of the Na-tion.’’ Now called the Servicemember 
Civil Relief Act, SCRA, this law in-cludes such protections as prohibiting the eviction of servicemembers and their dependents from rental or mort-gaged properties and capping the inter-est at 6 percent on debts incurred prior to an individual entering active duty military service. 
Despite the SCRA’s importance, en-
forcement of this critical law has been found to be inconsistent and subject to the discretion of our financial regu-lators. Indeed, misinformation, lapses, and mistakes that the SCRA was in-tended to fix continue to persist. More-over, according to a July 2012 report from the Government Accountability Office, ‘‘in 2010, examinations for SCRA compliance occurred in an estimated 26 percent of all [financial] institutions, compared with 2007 when about 4 per-cent of all institutions were reviewed for SCRA.’’ 
Without a change in the law, SCRA 
enforcement will continue to be sub-ject to the changing priorities of the fi-nancial regulators. Simply put, prioritizing the consumer protection of our servicemembers should not be dis-cretionary. It should be mandatory, and my legislation ensures that SCRA enforcement will be a permanent pri-ority for the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau, CFPB, which Congress created to enforce Federal consumer fi-nancial protection laws. 
In 2010, as we were debating the cre-
ation of the CFPB, I led the bipartisan effort to ensure it would contain a key role in protecting servicemembers through the establishment of an Office of Servicemember Affairs. Since that time, the CFPB has coordinated with other enforcement agencies and regu-lators to help servicemembers recover millions in relief from unscrupulous actors in the financial marketplace. With this demonstrated record of suc-cess in protecting our servicemembers, the CFPB is an ideal focal point for en-forcement of certain key SCRA provi-sions, such as the protections against default judgments and the maximum rate of interest on debts incurred be-fore military service. 
As we take steps to protect our serv-
icemembers, we should do all we can to make sure there is a strong watchdog on the beat that can enforce the pro-tections we have put in place. Our leg-islation is supported by the National Guard Association of the United States, the National Military Family Association, the Military Officers As-sociation of America, Americans for Financial Reform, the Consumer Fed-eration of America, Consumer Action, the National Consumer Law Center, and the U.S. Public Interest Research Group. I urge our colleagues to help 
honor our commitment to our Nation’s servicemembers by joining us in this effort to improve the supervision and enforcement of the SCRA. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 199—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING ESTAB-LISHING A NATIONAL STRA-TEGIC AGENDA 
Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. 
T
HUNE ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs: 
S. R ES. 199 
Whereas the United States needs its lead-
ers to pursue policies in the interest of the United States that are foremost national pri-orities; 
Whereas the United States faces many fis-
cal and long-term policy challenges that not only threaten the opportunities, hopes, and aspirations of the citizens of the United States, but the overall ability of the United States to be a world leader in bringing peace and stability around the world; 
Whereas the United States needs its lead-
ers to unite behind common goals and con-crete solutions to create the next generation of growth and opportunity; 
Whereas a National Strategic Agenda can 
provide both a long-term vision and a pri-ority list, oriented around common goals for the United States, both of which, as of May 2015, do not exist in the Federal Government; 
Whereas adopting a National Strategic 
Agenda would bring a long-term vision to a policymaking process that has become too often dominated by short-term political con-siderations; 
Whereas a National Strategic Agenda can 
provide a consistent framework and focus the attention of the Federal Government on the most urgent problems facing the United States; 
Whereas millions of people in the United 
States are currently seeking employment opportunities to improve their lives and pro-vide a better future for their children; 
Whereas, as of May 2015, the Federal debt 
is higher as a percentage of gross domestic product than at any time since World War II and will be an unsustainable burden on fu-ture generations if left unaddressed; 
Whereas the Social Security and Medicare 
benefits that millions of people in the United States have earned must be preserved and protected; 
Whereas a fiscally responsible solution to 
secure Social Security and Medicare for fu-ture generations is needed now, as waiting longer will further jeopardize the ability to preserve and protect these programs; 
Whereas the United States can become en-
ergy secure by pursuing an all-of-the-above energy plan that develops more affordable and sustainable domestic energy sources, in-
creases energy efficiency, and builds a more reliable and resilient system for energy gen-eration and transmission; and 
Whereas the creation and implementation 
of a new National Strategic Agenda for the United States will require the participation of both the legislative and executive branch along with agreement by all parties to work together: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate 
that— 
(1) the 4 goals of the National Strategic 
Agenda are to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.045 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4110 June 11, 2015 
(A) create 25,000,000 new jobs over the next 
10 years; 
(B) balance the Federal budget by 2030; (C) secure Medicare and Social Security for 
the next 75 years; and 
(D) make the United States energy secure 
by 2024; 
(2) the Senate should strive to create, de-
bate, and adopt policy solutions to achieve the 4 goals of the National Strategic Agenda to address the national interest and prior-ities represented by the agenda; and 
(3) in achieving success toward the Na-
tional Strategic Agenda, the goal of the Sen-ate should be to reach solutions through— 
(A) collaboration, not division; (B) mutual respect, not partisan bickering; 
and 
(C) a commitment to honor the public duty 
of the Senate to the United States as a body of representatives elected by people across the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 200—WISHING 
HIS HOLINESS THE 14TH DALAI LAMA A HAPPY 80TH BIRTHDAY ON JULY 6, 2015, AND RECOG-NIZING THE OUTSTANDING CON-TRIBUTIONS HIS HOLINESS HAS MADE TO THE PROMOTION OF NONVIOLENCE, HUMAN RIGHTS, INTERFAITH DIALOGUE, ENVI-RONMENTAL AWARENESS, AND DEMOCRACY 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. 
K
IRK, Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
CARDIN , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
S. R ES. 200 
Whereas, for over 50 years, His Holiness the 
14th Dalai Lama has significantly advanced greater understanding, tolerance, harmony, and respect among the religious faiths of the world; 
Whereas the Dalai Lama was awarded the 
Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 in recognition of his efforts to seek a peaceful resolution to the situation in Tibet and to promote non-violent methods for resolving conflict; 
Whereas the Dalai Lama was awarded the 
Congressional Gold Medal in 2007 in recogni-tion of his many enduring and outstanding contributions to peace, nonviolence, human rights, and religious understanding; 
Whereas the Dalai Lama has led the effort 
to preserve the rich and unique cultural, re-ligious, historical, and linguistic heritage of the people of Tibet while working to safe-guard other endangered cultures throughout the world; 
Whereas the 14th Dalai Lama has devolved 
the traditional role of the Dalai Lama as the political head of the Tibetan government, and his own responsibilities within the Cen-tral Tibetan Administration, in favor of the democratically elected leadership of Tibet-ans in exile, while continuing to travel and speak as a spiritual leader for the people of Tibet; 
Whereas the Dalai Lama, together with 
leading environmentalists, has been gravely concerned by the degraded state of the envi-ronment of Tibet and the consumption of the natural resources of Tibet, including fresh-water, because the degradations have impli-cations not only for the people of Tibet, but for the whole of Asia; and 
Whereas the people of the United States, 
including Tibetan Americans, have come to regard the Dalai Lama as a leading figure of moral and religious authority: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) extends well-wishes to the Dalai Lama 
on his 80th birthday; 
(2) recognizes the Dalai Lama for a lifelong 
commitment and outstanding contribution to the promotion of nonviolence, human rights, religious tolerance, environmental awareness, and democracy; and 
(3) recognizes the Dalai Lama for using 
moral authority to promote the concept of universal responsibility as a guiding tenet for how human beings should treat one an-other and the planet that all human beings share. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1997. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1998. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R UBIO) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1999. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2000. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2001. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. 
D
AINES , and Mr. T ILLIS ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2002. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2003. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2004. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. 
P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2005. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1569 proposed by Mr. B
URR (for himself 
and Mrs. B OXER ) to the amendment SA 1463 
proposed by Mr. M CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2006. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2007. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2008. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2009. Ms. MIKULSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2010. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2011. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. 
P
ETERS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
GRAHAM , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
NELSON , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. R OUNDS , 
Mr. H ATCH , and Mr. K IRK) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2012. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2013. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN 
to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2014. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. 
C
ORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2015. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill 
H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1997. Mr. INHOFE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the 
following: 
SEC. 236. ASSESSMENT OF EFFECT OF BETTER 
BUYING POWER 3.0 INITIATIVE ON INDEPENDENT RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
(a) A SSESSMENT OF BETTER BUYING POWER  
3.0.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees an assessment of the Bet-ter Buying Power 3.0 initiative and its man-agement of independent research and devel-opment activities by contractors of the De-partment of Defense. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) An assessment of the implementation of 
Better Buying Power 3.0 and how it balances the need for management of reimbursement of Department contractor independent re-search and development costs with the need to preserve the independence of a contractor to choose which technologies to pursue in its independent research and development pro-gram. 
(2) An assessment of the costs, risks and 
benefits of proposed changes to the current guidelines of the Department for authorizing independent research and development by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.017 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4111 June 11, 2015 
contractors and reimbursing such contrac-
tors for expenses relating to such inde-pendent research and development. 
(3) Recommendations for legislative or ad-
ministrative action to improve the ways in which the Department authorizes inde-pendent research and development by con-tractors of the Department and reimburses such contractors for expenses relating to such independent research and development. 
SA 1998. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
RUBIO) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 475, beginning on line 17, strike 
‘‘2035; and’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(E) Implications’’ on line 18 and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘2035; 
(D) options to address ship classes that 
begin decommissioning prior to 2035, includ-ing Ticonderoga-class guided missile cruis-ers; and 
(E) implications 
SA 1999. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. RETENTION OF RECORDS OF REP-
RIMANDS AND ADMONISHMENTS RE-CEIVED BY EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 714. Record of reprimands and admonish-
ments 
‘‘If any employee of the Department re-
ceives a reprimand or admonishment, the Secretary shall retain a copy of such rep-rimand or admonishment in the permanent record of the employee as long as the em-ployee is employed by the Department.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘714. Record of reprimands and admonish-
ments.’’. 
SA 2000. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XVI, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1614. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST CERTAIN 
LEGISLATION MODIFYING RESTRIC-TIONS ON THE USE OF ROCKET EN-GINES FROM THE RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION FOR THE EVOLVED EXPEND-ABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report if the bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report— 
(1) would not authorize appropriations for 
a fiscal year for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy; and 
(2) would modify, amend, or supersede re-
strictions on the use of rocket engines de-signed or manufactured in the Russian Fed-eration for the evolved expendable launch vehicle program. 
(b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 2001. Mr. PETERS (for himself, 
Mr. D AINES , and Mr. T ILLIS ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 524. REVIEW OF CHARACTERIZATION OR 
TERMS OF DISCHARGE FROM THE ARMED FORCES OF INDIVIDUALS WITH MENTAL HEALTH DISORDERS ALLEGED TO AFFECT TERMS OF DIS-CHARGE. 
Section 1553(d) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3)(A) In addition to the requirements of 
paragraphs (1) and (2), in the case of a former member described in subparagraph (B), the board shall— 
‘‘(i) review medical evidence of the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs or a civilian health care provider that is presented by the former member; and 
‘‘(ii) review the case with a rebuttable pre-
sumption in favor of the former member that post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury materially contributed to the circumstances resulting in the discharge of a lesser characterization. 
‘‘(B) A former member described in this 
subparagraph is a former member described in paragraph (1) or a former member whose application for relief is based in whole or in part on matters relating to post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury as supporting rationale or as justification for priority consideration whose post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury is related to combat or military sexual trauma, as determined by the Secretary concerned.’’. SA 2002. Mr. M CCAINsubmitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1273 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1273. SENSE OF CONGRESS AND REPORT ON 
QATAR FIGHTER AIRCRAFT CAPA-BILITY CONTRIBUTION TO RE-GIONAL SAFETY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
the Congress that— 
(1) the United States should consider, in a 
timely manner, the July 2013 Letter of Re-quest from the Government of Qatar for fighter aircraft; 
(2) the approval of such a sale, if found to 
be in the national interests of the United States, could contribute to the self-defense of Qatar, deter the regional ambitions of Iran, reassure partners and allies of the United States commitment to regional secu-rity, and enhance the strike capability of fighter aircraft of the Qatar air force; 
(3) the ability of our regional partners to 
respond to threatening Iranian military ac-tions in the Gulf, such as closing the Strait of Hormuz or launching a ballistic missile attack, is a critical element of deterring Ira-nian aggression and to maintaining security and stability in the region; 
(4) the maintenance by Israel of a Quali-
tative Military Edge (QME) is vital, and due diligence is essential in thoroughly evalu-ating the impact of such a sale as it relates to the military capabilities of Israel; and 
(5) the Department of State should 
prioritize its consideration of whether to issue a Letter of Offer and Acceptance, to ad-vance the sale of fighter aircraft to the Gov-ernment of Qatar so that key decisions can be taken regarding the way forward for capa-bilities that are critical for security and sta-bility in the Middle East. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the risks and benefits of the sale of fighter aircraft to Qatar as described in sub-section (a). 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the followings: 
(A) A description of the assumptions re-
garding the increase to Qatar air force capa-bilities as a result of the sale. 
(B) A description of the assumptions re-
garding items described in subparagraph (A) as they may impact the preservation by Israel of a Qualitative Military Edge. 
(C) An estimated timeline for final adju-
dication of the decision to approve the sale. 
(3) F
ORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) may be submitted in classified or unclassified form. 
(4) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.028 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4112 June 11, 2015 
SA 2003. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SBIR PROGRAM ADMINISTRATIVE FEE 
EXTENSION. 
Section 9(mm)(1) of the Small Business Act 
(15 U.S.C. 638(mm)(1)) is amended, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by strik-ing ‘‘for the 3 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection’’ and in-serting ‘‘until September 30, 2017’’. 
SA 2004. Mr. BROWN (for himself and 
Mr. P ORTMAN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1084. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE IMPOR-
TANCE OF THE AIR FORCE MINOR-ITY LEADERS PROGRAM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Air Force Minority Leaders Pro-
gram facilitates the development of relation-ships between the Department of the Air Force and students, teachers, and professors from historically black colleges and univer-sities and minority institutions (HBCU/MI) to contribute to the performance of research tasks for the Department. 
(2) The Air Force Minority Leaders Pro-
gram promotes valuable research for the De-partment, increases the pipeline of minority scientific talent for professions within the Air Force, and strengthens the scientific and educational infrastructure in the minority community. 
(b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate to encourage the Department of the Air Force and the Air Force Research Lab-oratory to continue to invest in the Air Force Minority Leaders Program by devot-ing time, personnel, and resources to the Program in order to meet the critical objec-tives of the Department with respect to de-fense capabilities, science and technology, the future workforce, and other technical matters. 
SA 2005. Mr. COTTON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1569 proposed by Mr. B
URR (for himself and Mrs. B OXER ) to 
the amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to au-
thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 29, strike line 9 and insert the fol-
lowing: authority regarding a cybersecurity threat; and 
(iii) communications between a Federal 
law enforcement entity and a private entity regarding a cybersecurity threat; 
SA 2006. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI , add the 
following: 
SEC. 622. POLICIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE ON TRAVEL OF NEXT OF KIN TO PARTICIPATE IN THE DIGNIFIED TRANSFER OF REMAINS OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE WHO DIE OVERSEAS. 
(a) R EVIEW OF POLICIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall carry out a review of the current poli-cies of the Department of Defense on the travel for next of kin to participate in the dignified transfer of remains of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department who die overseas. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by this 
subsection shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the changes to De-
partment instructions and Federal regula-tions necessary to provide Government fund-ed travel to the next of kin to participate in the dignified transfer of remains of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department who die overseas, regard-less whether the death occurred in a combat area or a non-combat area. 
(B) An action plan and timeline for making 
the changes described in subparagraph (A). 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF POLICIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), not later than February 1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall take ap-propriate actions to modify the policies of the Department in order to provide Govern-ment funded travel for the next of kin to participate in the dignified transfer of re-mains of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of De-fense who die overseas, regardless whether the death occurs in a combat area or a non- combat area. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary is not re-
quired to modify the policies of the Depart-ment as described in paragraph (1) if, by not later than March, 1, 2016, the Secretary cer-tifies, in writing, to the congressional de-fense committees that such action is not in the best interest of the United States. The certification shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment and reevaluation by the 
Secretary of the rational for excluding the next of kin from Government funded travel if the death of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the Department over-seas occurs in a non-combat area. 
(B) Recommendations for alternative plans 
to ensure that the next of kin of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department who die overseas in a non- 
combat area may participate in the dignified transfer of the remains of the deceased at Dover Port Mortuary, including through the actions of appropriate non-governmental or-ganizations. 
SA 2007. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. MILITARY COMPENSATION AND RE-
TIREMENT MODERNIZATION COM-MISSION. 
(a) E XTENSION OF COMMISSION .—Section 679 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1795), as amended by section 1095(b)(6) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 880), is further amended by striking ‘‘not later than 35 months after the Commis-sion establishment date’’ and inserting ‘‘on October 1, 2016’’. 
(b) F
UNDING .—Section 680 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (126 Stat. 1795), as amended by section 1095(b)(7) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (127 Stat. 880), is further amended— 
(1) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘(a) 
I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘Of the amounts’’; 
(2) in the third sentence, by striking 
‘‘under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘under this subsection’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—Of the amounts 
authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016, $1,800,000 shall be made avail-able to the Commission to carry out its du-ties under this subtitle. Funds made avail-able to the Commission under the preceding sentence shall remain available until ex-pended.’’. 
SA 2008. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1645 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1645. ISRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DE-
FENSE PROGRAM CODEVELOPMENT AND POTENTIAL COPRODUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this section, of the amount author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for Procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, $150,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel to procure the David’s Sling Weapon System 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.030 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4113 June 11, 2015 
and $15,000,000 for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier In-
terceptor Program, including for co-produc-tion of parts and components in the United States by United States industry. 
(b) D
ISBURSEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), following successful comple-tion of milestones that inform production decisions and production readiness reviews in the research, development, and tech-nology agreements for the David’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Development Program, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency may disburse amounts available pursuant to subsection (a) on the basis of what is mutually agreed to by the United States and Israel, on or after the date that the United States enters into a bi-lateral agreement with the Government of Israel that, as determined by the Director, accomplishes the following: 
(A) Establishes the terms of co-production 
of parts and components of the respective systems— 
(i) in a manner that will minimize non-re-
curring engineering and facilitization ex-penses; and 
(ii) that ensures that an optimal produc-
tion share is carried out by United States persons. 
(B) Ensures that, in the case of coproduc-
tion of the David’s Sling Weapon System, a study is jointly conduced by the Israel Mis-sile Defense Organization and the Missile De-fense Agency of the United States as follows: 
(i) The purpose of the study shall be to de-
termine the most effective and efficient ways to reach a target of 50 percent produc-tion in the United States by the end of the multi-year coproduction plan. 
(ii) The study shall identify and assess, 
with respect to the process of moving pro-duction to the United States— 
(I) the best opportunities for United States 
contractors; 
(II) cost, schedule, and operational risks; 
and 
(III) imports required. (iii) The study shall be carried out so that 
the results will inform future negotiations on the amendments to the bilateral agree-ment with regard to United States work share. 
(C) Establishes a plan for procurement, 
using amounts disbursed under this sub-section and based on the Israeli requirement for the number of interceptors and batteries of the respective systems that will be pro-cured. 
(D) Allows the Director of the Missile De-
fense Agency and the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, Technology and Logis-tics to establish technical milestones for co- production and procurement of the respec-tive systems. 
(E) Establishes joint approval processes for 
third party sales of such systems. 
(2) E
XCEPTION FOR LONG LEAD TIME AND  
CRITICAL ITEMS .—(A) The Director may make 
a disbursement under paragraph (1) before the date that the United States enters into a bilateral agreement described in such para-graph for long lead time and critical pro-curement items and activities, not to exceed $90,000,000 for the David’s Sling Weapon Sys-tem and $15,000,000 for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program. 
(B) Amounts disbursed under subparagraph 
(A) shall be considered amounts disbursed under a bilateral agreement described in paragraph (1). 
SA 2009. Ms. MIKULSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-
ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XIV, add 
the following: 
SEC. 1409. ADDITIONAL AMOUNT FOR OTHER AU-
THORIZATIONS, WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS, FOR THE DEFENSE COM-MISSARY AGENCY. 
(a) A DDITIONAL AMOUNT .—The amount au-
thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 1401 is hereby increased by $322,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for working capital funds, De-fense Commissary Agency, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
(b) O
FFSET .— 
(1) O&M, ARMY .—The amount authorized to 
be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by sec-tion 301 is hereby decreased by $53,666,667, with the amount of the decrease to be ap-plied to amounts available for operation and maintenance, Army, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4301 and achieved by lim-iting excessive and redundant purchases of spare parts. 
(2) O&M, 
NAVY .—The amount authorized to 
be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by sec-tion 301 is hereby decreased by $53,666,667, with the amount of the decrease to be ap-plied to amounts available for operation and maintenance, Navy, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4301 and achieved by lim-iting excessive and redundant purchases of spare parts. 
(3) O&M, 
AIR FORCE .—The amount author-
ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 301 is hereby decreased by $53,666,666, with the amount of the decrease to be ap-plied to amounts available for operation and maintenance, Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4301 and achieved by limiting excessive and redundant purchases of spare parts. 
(4) G
ENERALLY .—The aggregate amount 
available for fiscal year 2016 under this divi-sion due to foreign currency fluctuations is reduced from the aggregate amount other-wise specified in the funding tables in divi-sion D by $151,000,000. 
SA 2010. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. REPORT ON DEFENSE CONTRACTING 
FRAUD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on defense contracting fraud. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(1) A summary of fraud-related criminal 
convictions and civil judgements or settle-ments over the previous five fiscal years. 
(2) A listing of contractors that within the 
previous five fiscal years performed con-tracts for the Department of Defense and 
were debarred or suspended from Federal contracting based on a criminal conviction for fraud. 
(3) An assessment of the total value of De-
partment of Defense contracts entered into during the previous five fiscal years with contractors that have been indicted for, set-tled charges of, been fined by any Federal de-partment or agency for, or been convicted of fraud in connection with any contract or other transaction entered into with the Fed-eral Government. 
(4) Recommendations by the Inspector 
General of the Department of Defense or other appropriate Department of Defense of-ficial regarding how to penalize contractors repeatedly involved in fraud in connection with contracts or other transactions entered into with the Federal Government, including an update on implementation by the Depart-ment of any previous such recommendations. 
SA 2011. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. G RAHAM , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. N ELSON , Mrs. 
FISCHER , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. 
BOOZMAN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. 
HATCH , and Mr. K IRK) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1272 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1272. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL ANTI-TUNNEL 
COOPERATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Tunnels can be used for criminal pur-
poses, such as smuggling drugs, weapons, or humans, or for terrorist or military pur-poses, such as launching surprise attacks or detonating explosives underneath civilian or military infrastructure. 
(2) Tunnels have been a growing threat on 
the southern border of the United States for years. 
(3) In the conflict in Gaza in 2014, terrorists 
used tunnels to conduct attacks against Israel. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) it is in the national security interests 
of the United States to develop technology to detect and counter tunnels, and the best way to do this is to partner with other af-fected countries; 
(2) the Administration should, on a joint 
basis with Israel, carry out research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation of anti-tunnel capabilities to detect, map, and neutralize underground tunnels that threaten the United States or Israel; and 
(3) the Administration should use devel-
oped anti-tunnel capabilities to better pro-tect the United States and deployed United States military personnel. 
(c) A
UTHORITY TOESTABLISH ANTI-TUNNEL  
CAPABILITIES PROGRAM WITHISRAEL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
upon request of the Ministry of Defense of Israel and in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intel-ligence, is authorized to carry out research, development, test, and evaluation, on a joint 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.026 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4114 June 11, 2015 
basis with Israel, to establish anti-tunnel ca-
pabilities to detect, map, and neutralize un-derground tunnels that threaten the United States or Israel. Such authority includes au-thority to construct facilities and install equipment necessary to carry out research, development, test, and evaluation so author-ized. Any activities carried out pursuant to such authority shall be conducted in a man-ner that appropriately protects sensitive in-formation and United States and Israel na-tional security interests. 
(2) R
EPORT .—The activities described in 
paragraph (1) and subsection (d) may be car-ried out after the Secretary of Defense sub-mits to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report setting forth the following: 
(A) A memorandum of agreement between 
the United States and Israel regarding shar-ing of research and development costs for the capabilities described in paragraph (1), and any supporting documents. 
(B) A certification that the memorandum 
of agreement— 
(i) requires sharing of costs of projects, in-
cluding in-kind support, between the United States and Israel; 
(ii) establishes a framework to negotiate 
the rights to any intellectual property devel-oped under the memorandum of agreement; and 
(iii) requires the United States Govern-
ment to receive quarterly reports on expend-iture of funds, if any, by the Government of Israel, including a description of what the funds have been used for, when funds were expended, and an identification of entities that expended the funds. 
(d) A
SSISTANCE IN CONNECTION WITHPRO-
GRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
is authorized to provide procurement, main-tenance, and sustainment assistance to Israel in support of the anti-tunnel capabili-ties research, development, test, and evalua-tion activities authorized in subsection (c)(1). 
(2) R
EPORT .—Assistance may not be pro-
vided under paragraph (1) until 15 days after the Secretary submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth a detailed description of the assistance to be provided. 
(3) M
ATCHING CONTRIBUTION .—Assistance 
may not be provided under this subsection unless the Government of Israel contributes an amount not less than the amount of as-sistance to be so provided to the program, project, or activity for which the assistance is to be so provided. 
(e) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress on a quarterly basis a re-port that contains a copy of the most recent quarterly report provided by the Govern-ment of Israel to the Department of Defense pursuant to subsection (c)(2)(B)(iii). 
(f) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
(g) S
UNSET .—The authority in this section 
to carry out activities described in sub-section (c), and to provide assistance de-
scribed in subsection (d), shall expire on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2012. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. 
MCCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. BORDER SECURITY ON FEDERAL 
LANDS ALONG THE SOUTHERN BOR-DER. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) F EDERAL LANDS .—The term ‘‘Federal 
lands’’ includes all land under the control of the Secretary concerned that is located— 
(A) within 100 miles of the international 
border between the United States and Mex-ico; and 
(B) within the Tucson and Yuma sectors of 
United States Border Patrol. 
(2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-
retary concerned’’ means— 
(A) with respect to land under the jurisdic-
tion of the Secretary of Agriculture, the Sec-retary of Agriculture; and 
(B) with respect to land under the jurisdic-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of the Interior. 
(b) S
UPPORT FOR BORDER SECURITY  
NEEDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To achieve border secu-
rity on Federal lands— 
(A) notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, the Secretary concerned shall provide U.S. Customs and Border Protection per-sonnel with immediate access to Federal lands for border security activities, includ-ing— 
(i) routine motorized patrols; and (ii) the deployment of communications, 
surveillance, and detection equipment; 
(B) the Secretary concerned may provide 
education and training to U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel on the natural and cultural resources present on individual Federal land units; and 
(C) the security activities described in sub-
paragraph (A) shall be conducted, to the maximum extent practicable, in a manner that the Secretary of Homeland Security de-termines will best protect the natural and cultural resources on Federal lands. 
(2) I
NTERMINGLED STATE AND PRIVATE  
LAND .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any 
private or State-owned land within the boundaries of Federal lands. 
(3) S
UNSET .—The requirements under this 
subsection shall terminate on the date that is 4 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days before 
the date on which the requirements under subsection (b) are scheduled to terminate, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that includes— 
(1) an analysis of the effectiveness of the 
actions taken pursuant to such subsection, including the impact of such actions on— 
(A) border security activities; and (B) the natural and cultural resources on 
impacted Federal lands; 
(2) an assessment of the 2006 Memos of Un-
derstanding between the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Agri-culture, and the Secretary of the Interior re-garding access to Federal and Indian lands for border security activities, including— 
(A) how such memoranda, as in force on 
the date of the enactment of this Act, im-pacted border security activities; (B) the best way to improve such memo-
randa and their application; 
(C) specific ways in which such memoranda 
could be used to ensure that the Department of Homeland Security receives timely access to Federal lands for critical border security activities; and 
(D) the number of agency personnel re-
quired to effectively and efficiently execute such memoranda; 
(3) a sector-by-sector analysis of the ex-
pected impact of applying the requirements under subsection (b) to the entire land bor-der of the United States, including— 
(A) an assessment of— (i) how border security activities and nat-
ural, cultural, and historic resources on Fed-eral and Indian lands would be impacted, in-cluding the potential impact on wildlife, in-cluding endangered species; 
(ii) any actions the Department of Home-
land Security would need to take to mitigate the impact of border security activities, in-cluding the estimated costs of such actions; and 
(iii) whether lack of access hinders border 
security; and 
(B) an examination of the impact of pro-
viding the Department of Homeland Security with increased access to Federal and Indian lands located within— 
(i) 25 miles of the United States border; (ii) 50 miles of the United States border, or (iii) 100 miles of the United States border; 
and 
(4) a sector-by-sector analysis of— (A) the costs incurred by each Secretary 
concerned relating to managing and miti-gating for illegal border activity on Federal lands, including the cost of restoring natural resources that were damaged by illegal bor-der activity; 
(B) the impact of illegal traffic on wildlife, 
including endangered species and critical habitat; and 
(C) the impact of illegal traffic on natural, 
cultural, and historic resources on Federal lands. 
SA 2013. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 
1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1085. ASSISTANCE FOR INDIVIDUALS WHO 
USED POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL AS-SISTANCE TO PURSUE A PROGRAM OF EDUCATION AT AN INSTITUTION OF HIGHER LEARNING THAT CLOSED WHILE PURSUING THE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) A SSISTANCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 
33 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 3318 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 3318A. Assistance for individuals who pur-
sue programs of education at institutions of higher learning that unexpectedly close 
‘‘(a) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—(1) For pur-
poses of this section, a covered individual is any individual who— 
‘‘(A)(i) pursued a program of education at 
an institution of higher learning with edu-cational assistance under this chapter and stopped pursuing such program of education 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.031 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4115 June 11, 2015 
because the institution of higher learning 
closed before such individual could complete such program of education or because the in-dividual anticipated that such institution of higher learning would close and withdrew from such program not more than 120 days before the date on which such institution of higher learning actually closed; and 
‘‘(ii) did not complete such program of edu-
cation pursuant to a teach-out plan (as de-fined in section 487(f)(2) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1094(f)(2))); or 
‘‘(B) pursued a program of education with 
educational assistance under this chapter at an institution of higher learning that the Secretary determines caused such harm to the individual as the Secretary determines equity requires that the individual receive relief under this section. 
‘‘(2) For purposes of this subsection and in 
the case of the closing of an institution of higher learning, the Secretary may increase the 120-day period specified in paragraph (1)(A)(i) if the Secretary determines that ex-ceptional circumstances regarding such clos-ing justify the increase. 
‘‘(b) R
ESTORATION OF ENTITLEMENT TO EDU-
CATIONAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall 
restore to each covered individual who used educational assistance under this chapter to pursue a program of education at an institu-tion of higher learning— 
‘‘(1) as described in subparagraph (A) of 
subsection (a)(1) such individual’s entitle-ment to educational assistance under this chapter in an amount equal to one month for each month of educational assistance used by the individual to pursue such program of education at such institution of higher learning; and 
‘‘(2) as described in subparagraph (B) of 
such subsection such individual’s entitle-ment to educational assistance under this chapter in such amount as the Secretary de-termines equity requires. 
‘‘(c) R
ESTORATION OF ENTITLEMENT TO TU-
TORIAL ASSISTANCE .—In the case of a covered 
individual described in subsection (a)(1) who received benefits under section 3314 of this title to correct a deficiency of the covered individual in a course that was part of the program of education pursued by the covered individual as described in such subsection, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) in a case described in subparagraph (A) 
of such subsection, restore to such covered individual such covered individual’s entitle-ment to benefits under such section in an amount equal to the amount paid under such section for such correction; and 
‘‘(2) in a case described in subparagraph (B) 
of such subsection, restore to such covered individual such amount of such covered indi-vidual’s entitlement to benefits under such section as the Secretary determines equity requires. 
‘‘(d) C
ONTINUED PAYMENT OF MONTHLY  
HOUSING STIPENDS .—(1) Subject to paragraph 
(2), in the case of a covered individual de-scribed in subsection (a)(1) who in the case described in subparagraph (A) of such sub-section was receiving a monthly housing sti-pend under this chapter while pursuing the program of education at the institution of higher learning that closed or who in a case described in subparagraph (B) of such sub-
section in which the covered individual was receiving a monthly housing stipend under this chapter while pursuing the program of education and stopped pursuing the program of education because of the harm caused by the institution of higher learning, the Sec-retary shall continue to pay to such covered individual such monthly housing stipend for the first month beginning after the covered individual stopped pursuing such program of education and for each month thereafter until the covered individual begins pursuing a program of education at a new institution 
of higher learning with educational assist-ance under this chapter. 
‘‘(2) No individual may receive more than 
three months of monthly stipend under this subsection. 
‘‘(e) N
ATIONAL TESTS.—In the case of a cov-
ered individual who pursued a program of education at an institution of higher edu-cation as described in subsection (a)(1) and received educational assistance under sec-
tion 3315A of this title for a national test for admission to such program of education or institution of higher learning or for course credit at such institution of higher learning, the Secretary shall restore to such covered individual the months of entitlement charged such covered individual pursuant to subsection (c) of such section for such edu-cational assistance. 
‘‘(f) R
ELOCATION AND TRAVEL ASSISTANCE .— 
A payment under section 3318 of this title for pursuit of a program of education at an in-stitution of higher learning as described in subsection (a)(1) of this section shall not be considered a payment of additional assist-ance under section 3318 of this title for pur-poses of subsection (d) of such section. 
‘‘(g) R
ECOVERY .—In a case of a covered in-
dividual who pursued a program of education at an institution of higher learning as de-scribed in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall seek to recover from the institution of higher learning the value of— 
‘‘(1) the entitlement to educational assist-
ance restored to the covered individual under subsections (b) and (e), if any; 
‘‘(2) the entitlement to tutorial assistance 
restored to the covered individual under sub-section (c), if any; 
‘‘(3) the amount of monthly housing sti-
pend paid to the covered individual under subsection (d)(1), if any; and 
‘‘(4) the additional assistance provided to 
the covered individual under section 3318 of this title for such pursuit, if any. 
‘‘(h) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER LEARNING DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘institution 
of higher learning’ has the meaning given that term in section 3452 of this title.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 33 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3318 the following new item: 
‘‘3318A. Assistance for individuals who pur-
sue programs of education at institutions of higher learning that unexpectedly close.’’. 
(b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in section 
3318A of such title, as added by subsection (a)(1), or any other provision of law, shall be construed to prohibit the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs from restoring entitlement or continuing payment under such section be-fore promulgating regulations to carry out such section. 
(c) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECTIVE DATE.—Section 
3318A of such title, as added by subsection (a), shall apply as if it were enacted on the date of the enactment of the Post-9/11 Vet-erans Educational Assistance Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–252). 
SA 2014. Mr. CASEY (for himself and 
Mr. C ORNYN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the 
bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1049. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FURTHER 
CUTS TO THE NUMBER OF BRIGADE COMBAT TEAMS OF THE ARMY. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) both the quantity and complexity of na-
tional security threats facing the United States have grown in recent years, particu-larly the threat posed by the terrorists of the self-declared Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and continuing aggression by the Russian Federation; 
(2) the National Commission on the Future 
of the Army is currently assessing the appro-priate force structure for the Army in light of these threats, and is required to report to Congress on that assessment by February 1, 2016; and 
(3) in light of these growing threats and 
that assessment, the Department of Defense should not make further reductions in the number of brigade combat teams in the reg-ular and reserve components of the Army, including the Army National Guard, which would be difficult and costly to reverse and would have an adverse impact on the ability of the Army to respond to global threats. 
SA 2015. Mr. INHOFE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 1735, to author-
ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 832. APPLICABILITY OF EXECUTIVE ORDER 
13673 ‘‘FAIR PAY AND SAFE WORK-PLACES’’ TO DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CONTRACTORS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall limit the application of any acquisition regulations promulgated pursuant to Execu-tive Order 13673 to contractors or sub-contractors who have been suspended or debarred under the laws and regulations in effect on May 28, 2015, as a result of a Fed-eral labor law violations covered by Execu-tive Order 13673. 
(b) C
OMPLIANCE REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec-
retary shall ensure that Department of De-fense contractors or subcontractors who are not described under subsection (a) are not compelled or required to comply with the conditions for contracting eligibility as stat-ed in any acquisition regulations promul-gated to implement Executive Order 13673. 
f 
NOTICES OF HEARINGS 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
would like to announce that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions will meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on June 16, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Achieving the Prom-ise of Health Information Technology: What Can Providers and the U.S. De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices Do To Improve the Electronic Health Record User Experience?’’ 
For further information regarding 
this meeting, please contact Jamie 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.031 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4116 June 11, 2015 
Garden of the committee staff on (202) 
224–1409. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
would like to announce that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions will meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on June 17, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthorizing the Higher Education Act: Evaluating Ac-creditation’s Role in Ensuring Qual-ity.’’ 
For further information regarding 
this meeting, please contact Jake Baker of the committee staff on (202) 224–0738. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 11, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 11, 2015, at 10:30 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Blowing the Whistle on Retaliation: Accounts of Current and Former Federal Agency Whistleblowers.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 11, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Ryan Nagle, my State director, be granted floor privileges for the duration of today’s session of the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TO EXTEND THE AUTHORIZATION 
TO CARRY OUT THE REPLACE-MENT OF THE EXISTING MED-ICAL CENTER OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS IN DENVER, COLORADO 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. 1568, introduced earlier 
today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1568) to extend the authorization 
to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to author-ize transfers of amounts to carry out the re-placement of such medical center, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I 
thank Chairman I SAKSON of the Vet-
erans’ Affairs Committee for his tire-less work on this legislation and Sen-ator B
LUMENTHAL as well as the co-
sponsor of this legislation tonight, Senator B
ENNET , my colleague from 
Colorado. 
This gives us the breathing room we 
need to finish the job in Colorado. We have more work to do with the Vet-erans’ Administration, but tonight we can begin the process of starting to fin-ish this job. 
I ask unanimous consent that the bill 
be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 1568) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1568 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION FOR 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECT PREVIOUSLY AUTHOR-IZED. 
Section 2(a) of the Construction Authoriza-
tion and Choice Improvement Act (Public Law 114–19) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘in fiscal year 2015,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$900,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,050,000,000’’. 
SEC. 2. LIMITED, ONE-TIME AUTHORITY TO 
TRANSFER SPECIFIC AMOUNTS TO CARRY OUT MAJOR MEDICAL FACIL-ITY PROJECT IN DENVER, COLO-RADO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the unobligated bal-
ances of amounts available to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2015, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may trans-fer amounts from the appropriations ac-counts under the following headings, in the amounts and from the activities specified, to the appropriations account under the head-ing ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’: 
(1) ‘‘Medical Services’’, $6,494,000 to be de-
rived from amounts available for the Human Capital Investment Plan. 
(2) ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, 
$1,611,000 to be derived from amounts avail-able for the Human Capital Investment Plan. 
(3) ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, $80,735,000 to be 
derived from amounts available for green en-ergy projects of the Department and human capital investment plans. 
(4) ‘‘National Cemetery Administration’’, 
$60,000 to be derived from amounts available for the Human Capital Investment Plan. 
(5) ‘‘General Administration’’, $1,130,000 to 
be derived from amounts available for the Office of the Secretary. 
(6) ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans 
Benefits Administration’’, $670,000 to be de-rived from amounts available for the Human 
Capital Investment Plan. 
(7) ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’, 
$240,000 to be derived from amounts available for the Human Capital Investment Plan. 
(8) ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’, 
$3,000,000 to be derived from amounts avail-able for minor construction projects at the staff offices of the Department. 
(b) T
RANSFER OF AMOUNTS AVAILABLE IN  
FUNDS .— 
(1) R EVOLVING SUPPLY FUND .—Of the unob-
ligated balances of amounts available in the revolving supply fund of the Department under section 8121 of title 38, United States Code, the Secretary may transfer $20,030,000 to the appropriations account under the heading ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’. 
(2) F
RANCHISE FUND .—Of the unobligated 
balances of amounts available in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Franchise Fund es-tablished in title I of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban De-velopment, and Independent Agencies Appro-priations Act, 1997 (Public Law 104–204; 31 U.S.C. 501 note), the Secretary may transfer $36,030,000 to the appropriations account under the heading ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’. 
(c) U
SE OF AMOUNTS AND AVAILABILITY .— 
The amounts transferred under subsections (a) and (b) shall— 
(1) be used only to carry out the major 
medical facility construction project in Den-ver, Colorado, specified in section 2 of the Construction Authorization and Choice Im-provement Act (Public Law 114–19); and 
(2) remain available until September 30, 
2016. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY INTEROPERABLE COM-MUNICATIONS ACT 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 95, H.R. 615. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 615) to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to take adminis-trative action to achieve and maintain inter-operable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Home-land Security, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
H.R. 615 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of 
Homeland Security Interoperable Communica-tions Act’’ or the ‘‘DHS Interoperable Commu-nications Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security; 
(2) the term ‘‘interoperable communications’’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 701(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 3; and 
(3) the term ‘‘Under Secretary for Manage-
ment’’ means the Under Secretary for Manage-ment of the Department of Homeland Security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.024 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4117 June 11, 2015 
SEC. 3. INCLUSION OF INTEROPERABLE COMMU-
NICATIONS CAPABILITIES IN RE-SPONSIBILITIES OF UNDER SEC-RETARY FOR MANAGEMENT. 
Section 701 of the Homeland Security Act of 
2002 (6 U.S.C. 341) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(4), by inserting before the 
period at the end the following: ‘‘, including policies and directives to achieve and maintain interoperable communications among the compo-nents of the Department’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) I
NTEROPERABLE COMMUNICATIONS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘interoperable 
communications’ has the meaning given that term in section 7303(g) of the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 194(g)).’’. 
SEC. 4. STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Management shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a strategy, which shall be updated as necessary, for achieving and maintaining inter-operable communications among the components of the Department, including for daily oper-ations, planned events, and emergencies, with corresponding milestones, that includes the fol-lowing: 
(1) An assessment of interoperability gaps in 
radio communications among the components of the Department, as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) Information on efforts and activities, in-
cluding current and planned policies, directives, and training, of the Department since November 1, 2012 to achieve and maintain interoperable communications among the components of the Department, and planned efforts and activities of the Department to achieve and maintain such interoperable communications. 
(3) An assessment of obstacles and challenges 
to achieving and maintaining interoperable communications among the components of the Department. 
(4) Information on, and an assessment of, the 
adequacy of mechanisms available to the Under Secretary for Management to enforce and com-pel compliance with interoperable communica-tions policies and directives of the Department. 
(5) Guidance provided to the components of 
the Department to implement interoperable com-munications policies and directives of the De-partment. 
(6) The total amount of funds expended by the 
Department since November 1, 2012 and pro-jected future expenditures, to achieve interoper-able communications, including on equipment, infrastructure, and maintenance. 
(7) Dates upon which Department-wide inter-
operability is projected to be achieved for voice, data, and video communications, respectively, and interim milestones that correspond to the achievement of each such mode of communica-tion. 
(b) S
UPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL .—Together 
with the strategy required under subsection (a), the Under Secretary for Management shall sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate information on— 
(1) any intra-agency effort or task force that 
has been delegated certain responsibilities by the Under Secretary for Management relating to achieving and maintaining interoperable com-munications among the components of the De-partment by the dates referred to in subsection (a)(7); and 
(2) who, within each such component, is re-
sponsible for implementing policies and direc-tives issued by the Under Secretary for Manage-ment to so achieve and maintain such interoper-able communications. SEC. 5. REPORT. 
Not later than 100 days after the date on 
which the strategy required under section 4(a) is submitted, and every 2 years thereafter for 6 years, the Under Secretary for Management shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate a report on the sta-tus of efforts to implement the strategy required under section 4(a), including the following: 
(1) Progress on each interim milestone referred 
to in section 4(a)(7) toward achieving and main-taining interoperable communications among the components of the Department. 
(2) Information on any policies, directives, 
guidance, and training established by the Under Secretary for Management. 
(3) An assessment of the level of compliance, 
adoption, and participation among the compo-nents of the Department with the policies, direc-tives, guidance, and training established by the Under Secretary for Management to achieve and maintain interoperable communications among the components. 
(4) Information on any additional resources or 
authorities needed by the Under Secretary for Management. 
SEC. 6. APPLICABILITY. 
Sections 4 and 5 shall only apply with respect 
to the interoperable communications capabilities within the Department and components of the Department to communicate within the Depart-ment. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendment 
in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 615), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE REPRINTING 
OF THE 25TH EDITION OF THE POCKET VERSION OF THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 54, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 54) 
authorizing the reprinting of the 25th edition of the pocket version of the United States Constitution. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. GARDNER. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. 
Res. 54) was agreed to. SIGNING AUTHORITY 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the junior Senator from Georgia be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolu-tions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that on Monday, June 15, at 5 p.m., the Senate proceed to Executive Session to the en bloc consideration of Executive Calendar Nos. 131 and 132; that there be 30 min-utes for debate equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yield-ing back of time, the Senate proceed to vote without intervening action or de-bate on the nominations in the order listed; that following disposition of the nominations, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; and that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 15, 
2015 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 2 p.m. on Monday, June 15; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; further, that following morning business, the Senate then re-sume consideration of H.R. 1735; and, finally, the filing deadline for all first- degree amendments to both H.R. 1735 and the McCain substitute 1463 be at 4 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
JUNE 15, 2015, AT 2 P.M. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:19 p.m., adjourned until Monday, June 15, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.038 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4118 June 11, 2015 
THE JUDICIARY  
BRIAN R. MARTINOTTI, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY, VICE STANLEY R. CHESLER, RETIRING . 
ROBERT F. ROSSITER, JR., OF NEBRASKA, TO BE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA, VICE JOSEPH F. BATAILLON, RETIRED. CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate June 11, 2015: SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
DOUGLAS J. KRAMER, OF KANSAS, TO BE DEPUTY AD-
MINISTRATOR OF THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRA-TION. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.004 S11JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E877 June 11, 2015 
HONORING THE 2015 ARMED 
FORCES ENLISTEES FROM FRED-ERICKSBURG, VA 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 105 Fredericksburg, Virginia area high school seniors who plan to enlist in the United States Armed Forces after gradua-tion. These students have excelled in their academic and extracurricular activities, and I offer my sincere congratulations upon their high school graduation. 
I commend these student leaders for their 
selflessness and courageous decision to serve their country as members of the Armed Forces: 
Amaya, Alexis Perez; Anderson, Jamie; 
Bates, Devon; Black, Sean; Blosch, Charles; Coleman, Jaylan; Courtney, James; Cunningham, Christopher; Denise, Sean; Dixon, Tyler; Harcrow, Derek; Hardy, Dia-mond; Hughes, Hayden; Jenkins, Hunter; Law-rence, Darell; Lintz, Christopher; Lloyd, Katelyn; McHugh, Michael; Minaya, Jonathan; O’Carroll, Alexander; Pladson, Tyler; Post, Seth; Prouty, Justin; Raftery, Sean; Rivas, Mi-chael; Shannon, Danielle; Smith, Jared; Smith, Justin; Steele, Brian; Stemen, Austein; Thom-as, Sabre; Thornton, Destiny; Toussaint, Jamel; Wilson, Ashley; Yingling, Christopher. 
Allen, Joshua; Bass, Elijah; Beard, Justin; 
Becerra, Luis; Bentz, Asher; Carter, Brandon; Clatterbuck, Zachary; Deleon, Elias; Dirisio, Daniel; Farr, Austin; Freeborn, Harley; Heath, Christopher; Holland, Elizabeth; Humberger, Jacob; Jenkins, Adam; Johnson, Nathaniel; Keirn, Ryan; Lewellyn, Benjamin; Mason, Gar-rett; McNair, Nicholas; Medinafranco, Tomas; Meyers, Tyler; Morris, Austin; Peck, Joshua; Perkins, Andrew; Phoebus, Scott; Pins, Jonathon; Principe, Leilani; Rigopoulos, Nich-olas; Robleroyoc, Gerardo; Seggelink, Jacob; Shingler, Jonathan; Smith, David; Snider, James; Thome, Dominic; Torres, Everett; Vitale, Logan; Woodall, Mason. 
Archer, Robert; Archie, Torrance; Belcher, 
Joshua; Dale, John Barron; Dillahunt, Zakiya; Duff, Cody; Flecker, Arthur; Gines, Dwayne; Glass, Samuel; Leach, Hunter; Moss, Shaygne; Norris, Seth; Smith, Jamie Le Ann; Tillmon, Sarah; Tran, Robinson; Truffer, Ste-ven; Warren, Adam; Waters, Deja; Williams, Aaron. 
Berry, Katie; Christensen-Dinwiddie, Joseph; 
Eldridge, Amber; Edivan, Joseph; Gilbert, Ryan; Harris, Brian; Kenly, Logan; Nordgren, Tycho; Rousseau, Teagan; Smith, Kayla; Szczepanski, Brittany; Valvo, Anthony; Wil-kins, Kendrick. 
These students will be honored by the 
Greater Fredericksburg Chapter of Our Com-munity Salutes at their 4th Annual Military En-listee Recognition Ceremony on Saturday, June 20, 2015 at the University of Mary Wash-ington in Fredericksburg, VA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in thanking these young men and women and their families for their dedication to serving this great Nation. We owe them and the many Americans who have served and will serve a debt of gratitude. 
f 
HONORING GRAHAM BOONE 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Mr. Graham Boone who has achieved the Eagle Scout award, a Boy Scout’s highest honor. This recognition is well 
deserved and represents this young man’s commitment to public service. 
Achieving the status of Eagle Scout is a 
huge accomplishment, and I commend Mr. Boone for being a positive role model to young people across our great state and the nation through his commitment to community service. 
Once again, congratulations to this young 
man for his outstanding accomplishment. I am very proud of him and wish him the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF 
BENJAMIN BLYTHEWOOD III 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a fine man and a friend, Benjamin Blythewood III. Ben passed away on Monday, June 1, 2015, at the age of 48. 
Ben led an exemplary life that was dedi-
cated to serving his community. As mayor of Woodville for six and a half years, a reliable member of our local Lion’s Club, as well as that of countless other community organiza-tions, Ben lived an inspiring life that was fo-cused on helping and caring for others. Ben was also a proud Christian and a faithful member of the First Baptist Church of Wood-ville. 
My prayers and condolences go out to 
Ben’s loving wife, Amy, his son Benjamin and his daughter Bryanna. Ben will be sorely missed in our community, but his passion and legacy will certainly live on. HONORING MR. NICK 
GWIAZDOWSKI FOR HIS OUT-STANDING ACHIEVEMENT DUR-ING THE 2014–15 NCAA DIVISION I WRESTLING SEASON 
HON. DAVID ROUZER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, as a North 
Carolina State University alumnus, it is my pleasure to rise today to congratulate Nick Gwiazdowski on his 2015 NCAA Division I In-dividual National Championship. He defended his 2014 National Championship and is the first Wolfpack wrestler to win back-to-back ti-tles. 
Mr. Gwiazdowski has quickly established 
himself as one of the most successful student- athletes in NC State history. His perfect 2014– 15 season, 35–0, has led to a 55-match win-ning streak, the longest in the nation entering next season. He is a three-time All-American and two-time ACC Wrestler of the Year. 
Entering his senior year, Mr. Gwiazdowski 
holds a 77–2 record with the Pack and is on pace to set the NC State record for win-loss percentage. More importantly, Mr. Gwiazdowski is the H.C. Kennett Award Win-ner, presented annually to NC State’s top stu-dent-athlete and was named to the 2015 All- ACC Academic Team. 
Congratulations again, Nick. Wolfpack fans 
everywhere are proud of you and look forward to your continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT 
OF FAYE PERKINS 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor 
of the coaching career of Faye Perkins, UW– River Falls Falcon softball coach. After 22 seasons, Coach Perkins retired at the end of the 2015 spring season. 
During her tenure at UW–River Falls, Coach 
Perkins received numerous awards and acco-lades. She won more games than any other head coach in the history of UW–River Falls. Under her leadership, the UW–River Falls Fal-cons won Wisconsin Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (WIAC) Championships in 1993, 1994 and a Playoff Championship in 1993, 1994 and 2012. The 2012 team had a school record 34 wins and finished just one win away from reaching the NCAA Division III final eight Championship series. She was named the WIAC Coach of the Year in 1996 and had over 500 total career wins. 
Faye was raised in Cresco, Iowa. She is a 
proponent of Title IX and has spoken on the benefits she experienced from this landmark legislation. While in high school, she petitioned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11JN8.001 E11JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E878 June 11, 2015 
to have a girls’ basketball team for the first 
time. She went to Iowa State University, where she received a Bachelor of Science in Physical Education and a Master of Science in Exercise Physiology. While in college, she earned nine athletic letters as a member of the softball, basketball and track & field pro-grams. In 2004, Faye was inducted into the Iowa State University Athletic Hall of Fame. She completed her Ph.D. in Health Education from the University of Utah. 
While she is proud of the records estab-
lished by the UW–River Falls Softball pro-gram, she is most proud of working with the students. Dedicated, passionate and sup-portive are just three of many adjectives used to describe Coach Perkins. In addition to coaching, Faye Perkins was the interim dean from 2007–2011 for the UW–River Falls Col-lege of Education and Professional Studies. 
She has a passion not only for coaching 
and teaching, but also of traveling. Faye, her husband Joe, and their sons, Paul and Bobby, have enjoyed traveling the world. She has had the opportunity to teach in China and Scot-land. She will continue teaching at UW–River Falls where she will remain the chair of the Health and Human Performance Department. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF 
REVEREND DR. RICHARD LIN 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor and celebrate the life of my con-stituent Anita Lin’s loving father Reverend Dr. Richard Lin. Anita currently presides as the di-rector emeritus of Ballet Western Reserve in Youngstown, Ohio and was appointed by the White House in 2014 to serve as a member of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Per-forming Arts’ advisory committee. Her dear fa-ther Dr. Lin passed away peacefully on May 21 in Santa Rosa, California. Dr. Lin was high-ly regarded within the community for his devo-tion to the performing arts and the teaching of music. 
Born in Hunan Province, China in 1925 to 
humble beginnings, Richard Lin immigrated to the United States in 1952. Richard was very successful in his schooling having studied voice at the National Conservatory of Music in Shanghai before earning an undergraduate degree from the National Conservatory of Music in Paris. After performing in concert tours nationally and internationally, Richard went on to teach at the Oklahoma Baptist Uni-versity for twelve years as a professor of music and chairman of the voice department before co-founding the Chinese Christian Church Music Institute for Worship. In addi-tion, Dr. Lin was a senior professor of church music at the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary where he touched the lives of thou-sands of church musicians. His achievements in teaching were recognized by the Associa-tion of Voice Teachers and American Choral Directors Association. 
Dr. Lin is survived by his loving wife, Julia 
See Ying Lam Lin, with whom he shared sixty- five wonderful years. He also leaves behind his four children, eight grandchildren, and a great-granddaughter. I am deeply saddened by the passing of Reverend Dr. Richard Lin 
and I would like to extend my deepest condo-lences to his entire family. He was a great man whose legacy will continue to live on, and he will be missed. 
f 
COMMODITY END-USER RELIEF 
ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. AUSTIN SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2289) to reauthor-ize the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission, to better protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure trans-parency and accountability at the Commis-sion, to help farmers, ranchers, and end- users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes: 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chair, 
I rise today in support of H.R. 2289, the Com-modity End-User Relief Act. 
I firmly believe this legislation represents the 
kind of thoughtful and bipartisan approach to policy-making that is often lacking in Wash-ington. 
It represents simple good governance by re-
authorizing the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, which has been operating with-out authorization since 2013. 
The bill includes needed reforms to clarify 
Congressional intent, minimize regulatory bur-dens, and most importantly, preserve the abil-ity of necessary risk management markets to serve those who need them. 
The Agriculture Committee, specifically the 
Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, En-ergy, and Credit of which I serve as Chairman, heard diverse perspectives from end-users, market participants, and regulators through many hours of testimony on this reauthoriza-tion earlier this year. 
That testimony, coupled with testimony from 
numerous other hearings at the subcommittee and full committee level over the course of the last two Congresses, was instrumental in drafting the legislation before us today. 
Time and again, we have heard how end- 
users, who were not the cause of the financial crisis, have been the collateral damage of Dodd-Frank’s reforms. These end-users are our farmers, ranchers, manufacturers, and electric and gas utilities, and they rely on the derivatives markets to manage their risk, and, thereby keep consumer costs low. 
The cost of unnecessary regulatory burdens 
on these end-users, and the uncertainty these regulations cause, will ultimately be borne by American citizens in my district and in districts around the country. Therefore, it is essential that we provide them with much-needed relief and clarity. 
This legislation includes several such end- 
user relief provisions. It requires the Commis-sion to vote to change the current threshold for the swap dealer de minimis exception, rather than the automatic and arbitrary reduc-tion slated to occur in December 2017. 
It also preserves end users’ ability to hedge 
against anticipated business risks under the definition of a bona fide hedge transaction, provides common sense record-keeping relief 
for grain elevators, farmers, and other com-mercial market participants, and clarifies the exclusion of contracts with volumetric optionality from the definition of a swap. 
Additionally, this legislation codifies several 
new regulatory customer protections, borne out of lessons learned from the Peregrine Fi-nancial and MF Global failures. 
Finally, it makes important reforms to the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission, in-cluding the creation of a new Office of the Chief Economist and a more stringent require-ment for cost benefit analysis of proposed rules. 
With this legislation, we have the oppor-
tunity to ease the regulatory burden on those who use the derivatives markets, not to specu-late, but to hedge risk. Ultimately, this bill is about protecting the American producer and the American consumer. 
I want to close by thanking Chairman C
ON-
AWAY for his strong leadership on the House 
Committee on Agriculture. His thoughtful and bipartisan approach to policy-making is re-flected in the legislation before us today. 
Additionally, I want to thank the Ranking 
Member on the Commodity Exchanges, En-ergy, and Credit Subcommittee and my col-league from Georgia, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT , who 
has been a steady partner throughout this ef-fort. 
We have worked diligently to produce legis-
lation that provides needed reforms to ensure our regulatory framework protects the integrity of our markets while not limiting the ability of end users to access these tools to conduct their business. 
I am proud to support H.R. 2289, the Com-
modity End-User Relief Act, and urge my col-leagues to join me in voting for this legislation. 
f 
COMMODITY END-USER RELIEF 
ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TED S. YOHO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2289) to reauthor-ize the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission, to better protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure trans-parency and accountability at the Commis-sion, to help farmers, ranchers, and end- users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes: 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chair, I rise in full support 
of H.R. 2289—The Commodity End-User Re-lief Act—and thank Chairman C
ONAWAY for his 
leadership on this issue. Mr. Chair, H.R. 2289 brings needed regulatory relief to farmers, ranchers, and individuals across rural Amer-ica. 
In my district, agriculture is the single larg-
est sector of the economy and in the state is second only to tourism. Many folks in rural parts of my state are exposed to the unique risks associated with volatile agricultural mar-kets. Because of this farmers and ranchers need financial tools that allow them to mitigate these risks. This bill will bring that certainty. 
Additionally, municipal utility services and 
co-operative energy suppliers meet nearly all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11JN8.005 E11JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E879 June 11, 2015 
of my district’s electricity needs. These groups 
rely heavily on risk mitigation provided by this bill. If the federal government overly regulates the use of risk mitigation, industries and con-stituents within my district will see hikes in their monthly energy bills. 
H.R. 2289 will allow American business to 
run as intended without new burdensome reg-ulations and red-tape from bureaucratic gov-ernment agencies. Most importantly this bill al-lows the American economy to do what it does best producing the world’s food and fiber while supplying affordable energy. 
I congratulate Chairman C
ONAWAY on a well 
crafted bill and a thorough committee process and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the underlying bill. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JOHN KLINE 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2685) making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support 
of my amendment aiming to expedite cleanup within a neglected category of defense sites in my state and nationwide. 
During World War II, while our troops were 
fighting abroad, facilities across the nation here at home were busy creating the supplies and provisions that fueled our efforts. One such site is Gopher Ordnance Works in my district. The Gopher Ordnance Works site was built and operated by the federal government during World War II for the production of smokeless gunpowder and nitric and sulfuric acids. The then-existing War Department ac-quired approximately 12,000 acres of farmland near Rosemount, Minnesota for the construc-tion of the plant. After the war was won and the efforts at home wound down, the Depart-ment of the Army declared the Gopher Ord-nance Works to be surplus property, and the facilities on the land were partially deconstructed. Unfortunately, some of the structures and many of the contaminants re-main to this very day, more than 60 years later. 
Over the years the federal government real-
ized sites like Gopher Ordnance Works must be cleaned up. Accordingly, Congress created the Formerly Used Defense Sites—or FUDS— program as part of the Defense Environmental Restoration Program in the mid-1980s. The goal of the FUDS program is to clean up these sites so they can be put back into pro-ductive use and no longer pose a potential health threat to our constituents. 
Mr. Chair, the site in my district is not 
unique. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers maintains an inventory of FUDS properties na-tionwide, and per the Army Corps, there are almost 10,000 potential properties that could qualify, with up to 2,700 of those requiring some sort of cleanup. Every single state in our nation, the District of Columbia, and our terri-tories all have sites within their respective bor-ders. This issue affects all of our constituents. It is unacceptable to take so long to make 
so little progress in addressing these sites. It is worse if the cleanup delay is due to legal disputes over FUDS properties or simple lack of knowledge about what contaminants are present. This is the case in one subset of the FUDS program categorized as Potentially Re-sponsible Party—or PRP—sites. PRP sites are locations where the Department of De-fense as well as other parties potentially con-tributed to the contamination. Instead of acting on these sites and putting them back into pro-ductive use, PRP sites get mired in extensive site studies and disputes over who left what at the site. 
Mr. Chair, Gopher Ordnance Works in my 
district is a PRP site that has not received ap-propriate attention from the federal agencies delegated with the authority to resolve liability and move forward with cleanup. For more than a decade, I have advocated tirelessly to the Army Corps in an attempt to facilitate cleanup and navigate its backlogged bureauc-racy. Enough is enough. I am asking the Army Corps to prioritize PRP sites and move for-ward expeditiously toward a solution for envi-ronmental investigation and pollution cleanup costs at Gopher Ordnance Works. I am here, ready, and available to offer what assistance is necessary in Congress on behalf of my con-stituents. I expect the Army Corps and the De-partment of Defense to fulfill their mission, committing to their responsibilities toward real, productive solutions. 
The underlying bill funds environmental res-
toration for all FUDS properties. My amend-ment would have required no less than $10,000,000 of the Environmental Restora-tion—Formerly Used Defense Sites funds to be available for remedial investigations on the too often neglected PRP sites, removing one obstacle that is preventing these sites from becoming usable. 
While it is regrettable the House Parliamen-
tarians ruled that procedures and protocols of the House prevent this particular bill from being a vehicle to fix this problem, I will con-tinue my efforts so these sites can finally be cleaned and restored, resolving this issue once and for all in support of our communities. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE AL WEST 
COLLISION CENTER OF ROLLA 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Al West Collision Center of Rolla on their grand opening and ribbon cutting that took place on June 1st. Not only did they host a successful event kicking off the start of their business, but were able to raise money for local charities in the process. 
Over 100 people gathered at the Al West 
Collision Center to celebrate their grand open-ing. The cornerstone of the event was a raffle to win a Dodge Challenger, with one hundred percent of the profit going to two local char-ities. The first charity the raffle benefited is the Association of United States Army Wounded Warriors which supports wounded and se-verely disabled Army veterans and their fami-lies in the Rolla area. The second charity, the Greater Rolla Area Charitable Enterprise, as-sists needy families in a variety of ways from 
providing them with food to even helping pay the bills. I’m proud of Missouri small busi-nesses who give back to their community such as the Al West Collision Center. 
For the money that was raised for local 
charities through their raffle, and to celebrate their recent grand opening, it is my pleasure to recognize the Al West Collision Center of Rolla before the House of Representatives and wish them the best of luck in their future endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, on June 9, 
2015, I was unavoidably detained during a se-ries of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on the following Roll Call votes: #309, on final passage of the Com-modity End-User Relief Act and #329, on final passage of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016. 
f 
HONORING MS. ANNETTE GUMM 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Ms. Annette Gumm, who, after years of service to Palm Beach County, is leaving the area. I speak for the citizens of Palm Beach County when I say that she will be greatly missed. 
Ms. Gumm’s public service in Florida began 
when she moved to Gleneagles in 1986 fol-lowing an early retirement. She quickly be-came involved in her new community by vol-unteering with Plumosa Elementary School and Delray Community Hospital. In 1992, she was asked to join the campaign of Burt Aaronson; and, following his victory, she served as the Commissioner’s administrative aide for several years. 
Ms. Gumm also joined the Atlantic Demo-
cratic Club and was pivotal in transforming the organization into the United South County Democratic Club (USCDC). She has held sev-eral positions in USCDC, including Treasurer, Vice President, and President. 
The amount of time and effort Ms. Gumm 
has expended for the betterment of her com-munity is truly admirable and exhibits a level of passion worthy of recognition. It is with great pleasure that I honor, my dear friend, Annette Gumm. 
f 
IN HONOR OF REV. DR. BRITT 
ARMANDO STARGHILL 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the memory of Rev. Dr. Britt 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JN8.002 E11JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E880 June 11, 2015 
Armando Starghill, a man who inspired South 
Jersey through his words and his selfless ac-tions. Motivating youths to pursue academic careers and serving his church for 19 years, Armando was undoubtedly a champion for Camden, NJ and he will truly be missed by all. 
Over the course of his career at Kaighn Av-
enue Baptist Church, Rev. Starghill’s visionary leadership transformed practical ministry and his community. By connecting the church with area youths he was able to serve as a vital mentor to the community through services like hosting the Baccalaureate mass. He dedicated his entire life to serving others. Encouraging young adults in the city of Camden to attend college, Armando viewed education as the ulti-mate liberator for Camden’s youth. 
Rev. Starghill began preaching at the age of 
13 and dedicated his entire life to service. After graduating from Virginia Union Univer-sity, he went on to earn his doctorate from Colgate Rochester Crozer Divinity School, Rochester, NY. He then pursued a religious career and answered the call to serve wher-ever that led him. A social justice advocate, Rev. Starghill began a non-profit community development corporation to improve the socio- economic environment for Camden’s citizens. By working on the Nehemiah Project, the Rev-erend attempted to combine a spiritual belong-ing in the Baptist Church with a sense of re-sponsibility and pride in Camden’s revitaliza-tion efforts. 
Rev. Starghill was also a devoted husband 
and father. He was also revered by his par-ents, who are still living in Detroit, and he will be sorely missed by his sisters, brothers, and a host of other relatives. 
Mr. Speaker, Reverend Starghill was an in-
credible man, devoted to his family and dedi-cated to his community. He leaves behind a great legacy and I join the Camden community and the entire state of New Jersey in honoring the achievements and the life of this extraor-dinary man. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,768,664,619.57. We’ve 
added $7,525,891,615,706.49 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
SPRINGSPIRIT BASEBALL 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I spent a 
recent hot, sunny day in my district visiting a real life ‘‘Field of Dreams.’’ SpringSpirit Base-ball near Houston, Texas in Spring Branch is providing opportunities for youth to realize 
their dreams through sports and mentoring. 
SpringSpirit’s mission is to provide safe 
pathways for youth to realize life opportunities through sports, education, and mentoring pro-grams based on Christian principles. They cre-ate positive mentoring relationships between the education system and families through baseball, softball, soccer, and community pro-grams. 
It is a place that values integrity, patience, 
perseverance and respect for the individual. 
SpringSpirit provides programs combined 
with the teaching of the gospel designed to grow the mind, body and soul, and they have a first-class sports training and education com-plex in the heart of the North Spring Branch community. They pair compassionate and car-ing mentors with local youth, and find life op-portunities that can help participants contribute to their community and society and act as stewards for others. 
Recently, I toured the facility with Executive 
Director John Meredith, Coach Ben Vigil and a man I like to call the ‘‘Mayor’’ of Spring Branch, Mr. Victor Alvarez. 
I cannot express how impressed I was not 
only with the facility, but the passion each of these men brings to SpringSpirit Baseball. SpringSpirit grew from humble beginnings at the local Boys and Girls Club to a more than three acre state-of-the-art facility. 
SpringSpirit was founded by Kenny Baldwin 
who after playing college baseball at Rice Uni-versity and professional baseball spent many successful years in the oil and gas industry. He credits his success to strong coaches, lov-ing mentors and faith leaders and wanted to create these same opportunities and relation-ships for underserved youth. 
Fostering partnerships with the Cal Ripken, 
Sr. Foundation, Camp Ozark, Chapelwood United Methodist Church, Cornerstone Family Ministries, Baseball USA and Boys and Girls Club of Greater Houston among others, SpringSpirit can offer afterschool programs, summer camps, and baseball and soccer tour-naments. 
Among SpringSpirit’s biggest fans are base-
ball greats Lance Berkman and Andy Pettitte. Berkman and Pettitte support SpringSpirit by serving as chairs of their annual fundraiser and if you drop by SpringSpirit at just the right time . . . you might be able to catch Lance mentoring some of the kids! 
Kenny, John, and the entire staff at 
SpringSpirit Baseball should be commended for their selfless service to the community. 
Their vision to build a superb facility, offer it 
to the youth of Spring Branch, and lead by ex-ample truly enriches our community and our city. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF REAUTHORIZING 
THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to call for the House to bring H.R. 1031, the Promoting U.S. Jobs Through Ex-ports Act for an immediate vote. This critical legislation would reauthorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, our nation’s official 
export credit agency for the next seven years. 
Currently, the Ex-Im Bank’s charter will ex-
pire at the end of this month if immediate ac-tion is not taken. If Congress fails to do its job, hundreds of thousands of American jobs, in-cluding over 10,000 jobs in my district in Houston and Harris County, Texas may be lost to China, Japan, and other foreign com-petitors if we force Ex-Im to close its doors. 
The Export-Import Bank, created 80 years 
ago during the depths of the Great Depres-sion, has been authorized 16 times by Con-gress with overwhelming bipartisan majorities and has broad support from industry and labor for the very simple fact that it works. 
In the past six years, Ex-Im has supported 
more than 1.3 million jobs and has returned over $2 billion in deficit-reducing profits to the U.S. Treasury while providing over $27 billion in export credit last year alone. 
Mr. Speaker, at a time when foreign com-
petition is becoming more fierce than ever be-fore, with nations like China using any means necessary to win contracts in overseas mar-kets, Congress must do everything in its power to support American small businesses and working families, including the immediate, long-term reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. 
f 
HONORING MR. LARRY FLYNN 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. Larry Flynn for his con-tributions to the aerospace industry, General Dynamics and Gulfstream Aerospace, the largest private employer in the First District of Georgia. 
Mr. Flynn’s career spans 33 years, begin-
ning in 1982 when he joined what was then known as Combs Gates and served as execu-tive vice president and general manager. He later served as regional vice president for Sig-nature Flight Support. His experience in man-aging aircraft service facilities led to his posi-tion as vice president, Location Based Serv-ices, for Stevens Aviation, where he was re-sponsible for managing six service facilities and overseeing service on various models of corporate jets. 
Mr. Flynn joined Gulfstream in 1995 as vice 
president and served in several key positions to include president of Product Support and senior vice president of Sales and Marketing. He became Gulfstream’s president in 2011, and also served as a vice president of Gen-eral Dynamics. During Mr. Flynn’s tenure as president, Gulfstream achieved several signifi-cant milestones, including a seven-year, $500 million Savannah facility expansion; the entry into service of the G280, the market-changing G650 and its extended-range variant, the G650ER; the unveiling of the G500; the an-nouncement of the G600; the opening of the Beijing service center and the expansions of Gulfstream service centers in Brazil; London; Westfield, Massachusetts; and Brunswick, Georgia. 
Mr. Flynn served on the Board of Directors 
of the General Aviation Manufacturers Asso-ciation as chairman of the Communications 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JN8.007 E11JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E881 June 11, 2015 
Committee. He also served on the Board of 
Governors of The Wings Club. After earning a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Kansas, he completed a master’s degree in manpower management from the same university. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join Mr. 
Flynn’s colleagues, family and friends in cele-brating his many years of hard work and dedi-cation to the aerospace industry and the com-munity. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-
ably detained and missed roll call votes 319, 320, 321, 322, 323, 324, 325, 326, 327, 328, 329. If present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on roll call 319, ‘‘no’’ on roll call 320, ‘‘no’’ on roll call 321, ‘‘no’’ on roll call 322, ‘‘no’’ on roll call 323, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 324, ‘‘no’’ on roll call 325, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 326, ‘‘no’’ on roll call 327, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 328, and ‘‘no’’ on roll call 329. 
f 
CELEBRATING D.C. FLAG DAY 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to join me in celebrating D.C. Flag Day, Sunday, June 14, 2015, which will be celebrated beginning this Saturday. All are invited to the fourth an-nual D.C. Flag Day Festival in Dupont Circle, celebrating the determination of the people of the District of Columbia to continue to fight for equal rights and statehood under the Amer-ican flag. D.C. residents have struggled for equal rights since the city became the nation’s capital in 1801. Although the city did not achieve home rule until 1973, D.C. finally got its own flag in 1938, when Congress commis-sioned a competition, and native Washing-tonian Charles Dunn designed the current flag from the coat of arms of George Washington. 
Thanks to the D.C. Flag Festival organizers, 
the event showcases everything that makes D.C. unique—our diverse communities, music, arts, food, and our D.C. flag—all of which will be on display for enjoyment and entertain-ment. However, on D.C. Flag Day, residents will rally not only for the American flag but also their flag, to show pride in their city and demand statehood. Residents began to cele-brate D.C. Flag Day in 2011, and June 14 continues to serve as an important day to mark the quest for freedom and equal rights for the citizens of hometown Washington, D.C. D.C. Flag Day coincides with national Flag Day, which has been a national holiday since 1886, and inspired the organizers of D.C. Flag Day to celebrate the event locally in the Dis-trict of Columbia. 
At this weekend’s D.C. Flag Day, we cele-
brate the District’s own flag as well as the American flag. As residents show pride for our country and their hometown, they also con-tinue to fight for the equal treatment the flag 
symbolizes. The American flag, our national symbol of patriotism and love of country, emboldens our continuous battle for self-gov-ernment, voting rights, and statehood for the more than 650,000 taxpaying American citi-zens who live here. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to join me in recognizing D.C. Flag Day, its two-day celebration on June 13 and 14, and the organizers of the D.C. Flag Day cele-bration for their exemplary efforts to ensure equal rights for the citizens of the District of Columbia by creating pride in the city and pro-moting the city’s rich cultural heritage. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 71ST ANNI-
VERSARY OF D-DAY AND RE-MEMBERING THE MEMBERS OF THE GREATEST GENERATION WHO SAVED FREEDOM IN THE WORLD 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
humble gratitude to commemorate the 71st anniversary of D-Day, the Allied Forces’ auda-cious amphibious landing at Normandy, France, on June 6, 1944. 
‘‘Operation Overlord,’’ as D-Day was for-
mally known, was the largest single amphib-ious assault in the history of warfare. 
The success of D-Day, which was far from 
certain at the outset, led to the liberation of Western Europe, signaled the death knell of the German Wehrmacht, and paved the way to unconditional victory by the Allied Forces over the evils of Nazism, fascism, and Japa-nese imperialism. 
It is no exaggeration to say that D-Day 
changed the course of human history. 
The aim of the meticulously planned D-Day 
operation was to open a second front in the European war theater from which the Allied Forces could attack the German army and push east to capture Berlin. 
With the Russian Army advancing from the 
east, coupled with the southern front opened by the Allied invasion of Italy from North Africa in 1942, the opening of a western front would set in motion the pincer movement that would catch the German Army in a trap from which there would be no escape. 
The formidable German Army expected that 
the Allied Forces would try to launch an inva-sion from the western beaches of France, they just did not know when or where. 
So in anticipation of an Allied invasion, the 
Nazis constructed the infamous Atlantic Wall, an extensive system of coastal fortifications built along the western coast of Europe and Scandinavia. 
Under the direction of Field Marshal Rom-
mel, the Atlantic Wall was reinforced by the addition of concrete pillboxes built along the beaches to house machine guns, antitank guns and light artillery. 
Mines and antitank obstacles were planted 
on the beaches themselves and underwater obstacles and mines were placed in waters just off shore. 
By the time of the D-Day landing, the Nazis 
had laid almost six million mines in northern France. And awaiting Allied soldiers who made their 
way onto and away from the beaches were gun emplacements and minefields extended inland. 
‘‘War is hell,’’ said General William Tecum-
seh Sherman during the Civil War. 
And that is an apt description of what await-
ed the brave Allied warriors who set sail from England to the beaches of Normandy in the early morning of June 6, 1944, at the begin-ning of what has rightly been called ‘‘The Longest Day.’’ 
But they were buoyed in their resolve by the 
millions of prayers from Americans and others back home, of all races, religions, and creeds, invoking the Lord’s blessing, mercy, and grace. 
With the outcome in doubt, President Frank-
lin Roosevelt asked the nation to join him in this solemn prayer: 
Almighty God: Our sons, pride of our na-
tion, this day have set upon a mighty en-deavor, a struggle to preserve our Republic, our religion, and our civilization, and to set free a suffering humanity. 
Lead them straight and true; give strength 
to their arms, stoutness to their hearts, steadfastness in their faith. 
They will need Thy blessings. For these men are lately drawn from the 
ways of peace. 
They fight not for the lust of conquest. They fight to end conquest. They fight to liberate. They fight to let justice arise, and toler-
ance and goodwill among all Thy people. 
They yearn but for the end of battle, for 
their return to the haven of home. 
The prayers were needed because the cost 
of D-Day was high; U.S. casualties on D-Day totaled more than 2,499 dead, 3,184 wound-ed, 1,928 missing, and 26 captured. 
Our British and Canadian allies suffered ter-
rible losses on D-Day as well: approximately 2,700 for the British and 946 for the Cana-dians. German casualties are estimated at 4,000 to 9,000. 
In total, the number of combatants killed, 
wounded or missing in the Battle of Normandy for both sides exceeded 425,000, not including the estimated 15,000 to 20,000 French civil-ians killed. 
But the operation was a success. More than 156,000 troops or paratroopers 
came ashore on D-Day, 73,000 from the U.S., 83,000 from Great Britain and Canada. 
By the end of June 11, D-Day+5, 326,547 
troops, 54,186 vehicles and 104,428 tons of supplies had come ashore. 
And with them the seeds for the victory in 
Europe that would come less than a year later, on May 8, 1945, with the fall of Berlin and the unconditional surrender of the Nazis. 
On the eve of the Normandy invasion, Gen-
eral Dwight D. Eisenhower, the Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces, addressed the soldiers, sailors, and airmen of the Allied Expeditionary Forces and said to them that they were about to embark upon a ‘‘Great Crusade,’’ and that the ‘‘eyes of the world’’ were upon you. 
He told them that their task would not be 
easy because the ‘‘enemy is well trained, well equipped and battle-hardened. He will fight savagely.’’ 
But, General Eisenhower said, ‘‘this is the 
year 1944. The tide has turned. The free men of the world are marching together to victory.’’ 
And march to victory they did, fully justifying 
General Eisenhower’s ‘‘confidence in their courage, devotion to duty, and skill in battle.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JN8.011 E11JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E882 June 11, 2015 
Because of the heroism of these men who 
willingly risked their lives to be the tip of the spear of liberty, the war was won and a world was saved for freedom. 
Mr. Speaker, D-Day was, and remains, a 
day like no other in the history of man’s so-journ on earth. 
We remember Gettysburg. There, President Lincoln paid tribute to 
those ‘‘who gave their lives so that the nation might live.’’ 
And it is equally fitting and proper that we 
remember D-Day. 
And that we continue to honor those who 
risked all and gave all so that the world could remain free. 
f 
125TH ANNIVERSARY OF ST. ROSE 
OF LIMA CATHOLIC CHURCH 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the 125th anniversary of St. Rose of Lima Catholic Church located in DeSoto, Missouri. St. Rose has been home to many life changing events for its parishioners and became a city landmark. 
St. Rose Church was dedicated on June 21, 
1885 in honor of St. Rose of Lima. Starting with just a few worshippers, it today has grown to over 550 registered and active fami-lies from the area who attend its services. Having hosted countless baptisms, weddings, and confirmations, St. Rose has long been a place for parishioners to celebrate life and their commitment to God. The church’s stone walls, soaring tower, and beautiful stained- glass windows will continue to keep watch over the city of DeSoto and its people for years to come. 
For the special place it holds in the hearts 
and lives of many in the community, as well as its place as a landmark in the city of DeSoto, it is my pleasure to recognize the 125th anniversary of St. Rose Church before the House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING SUE D EWINE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the extraordinary accomplishments and career of Sue DeWine, President of Hanover College, located in Indiana’s 6th District. 
After more than 40 years in education, Sue 
became the first female President of Hanover College in 2007. During her tenure, overall en-rollment at the college increased by 20% and campus diversity grew from 9% to 15%, where it currently stands. In addition to many other achievements, President DeWine made it pos-sible for faculty and student representatives to serve on the Board of Trustees at the college. It’s a move that helped solidify her reputation as leader who listened to and advocated for her students and faculty. 
President DeWine will be retiring in the 
coming weeks, and she will be missed by all those whom worked with her. Her leadership 
touched the lives of thousands and her com-mitment to Hanover’s students and faculty will never be forgotten. I ask the entire 6th Con-gressional District to join me in thanking her for her long career and distinguished service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF 
JOA˜O BOSCO MOTA AMARAL 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with 
my colleagues Mr. N UNES and Mr. V ALADAO to 
recognize the career of a distinguished Por-tuguese politician, and an old friend, Joa ˜o 
Bosco Mota Amaral. Mota Amaral, former President of the Autonomous Regional Gov-ernment of the Azores, has devoted his life to serving the Azores and the Portuguese peo-ple. He deserves to be commended for his tireless work and service towards the ad-vancement of Azorean and Portuguese inter-ests. 
Mota Amaral was born on April 15, 1943 in 
Ponta Delgada on the island of Sa ˜o Miguel in 
the Azores. He was a very diligent and stu-dious individual, and graduated from the Uni-versity of Lisbon in 1965 with a law degree. He also completed, with distinction, the Com-plementary Course of Political and Economic Sciences at the University of Lisbon in 1966, defending his thesis on the topic ‘‘Civil Liability of Public Administration.’’ 
Mota Amaral practiced law in Lisbon in the 
late 1960’s, where he specialized in adminis-trative and tax issues. He was then elected as Deputy to the National Assembly in 1969 and he championed issues important to the Azores. Following the Carnation Revolution of April 25, 1974, in which the authoritarian Estado Novo regime was overthrown, Mota Amaral emerged as a new political leader. He helped establish the Popular Democratic Party (PPD) later named the Social Democratic Party (PSD) in the Azores. 
Shortly after the creation of the PPD, the 
question of autonomy for the Azores was out-lined in the Party’s principles. On November 8, 1974 Mota Amaral presented the Politico-Ad-ministrative Statute of the Autonomous Region of the Azores, lobbying for the archipelago to become an autonomous region within the con-text of the Portuguese Republic and governed by a Regional Assembly with elected mem-bers. This dream would come to fruition on April 2, 1976 when the Constitution of the Por-tuguese Republic was approved and the Azores achieved political autonomy. 
Mota Amaral was elected to Parliament in 
1976, but suspended the mandate in order to serve as the first President of the Government of the Azores. He subsequently won four more regional elections and served until 1995. Be-tween 1995 and 2002, Mota Amaral served as the Vice-President of the National Assembly. In 2002, he was elected President of the Na-tional Assembly, a position he held until 2005. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that Mr. 
N
UNES , Mr. V ALADAO and I ask our colleagues 
in the U.S. House of Representatives to rec-ognize and honor the accomplishments of a great servant to the Azores and Portugal. Joa˜o Bosco Mota Amaral has truly left a mark on the Azorean and Portuguese communities 
here in the U.S. and around the world, and we owe him our thanks and praise for advancing Azorean and Portuguese interests. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote on several roll call votes and I would like to state my intentions on the fol-lowing: 
1. Roll Call No. 298—McClintock (R–CA), 
yes 
2. Roll Call No. 299—Walberg (R–MI), yes 3. Roll Call No. 308—Esty (D–CT), no 4. Roll Call No. 301—Cartwright (D–PA), no 5. Roll Call No. 302—Garrett (R–NJ), yes 6. Roll Call No. 303—Brooks #1 (R–AL), 
yes 
7. Roll Call No. 304—Brooks #2 (R–AL), 
yes 
8. Roll Call No. 305—Capps (D–CA), no 9. Roll Call No. 307—Stivers (R–OH), yes 
f 
CONGRATULATING SHIRLEY 
MAGAN ˜A ON A DISTINGUISHED 
CAREER AND WELL-DESERVED RETIREMENT 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate Shirley Magan ˜a on her retirement 
from Guthrie Corning Hospital. 
Ms. Magan ˜a has served as President and 
Chief Operating Officer of Corning Hospital since 2008. She has more than 35 years of experience in patient care and hospital oper-ations. 
Corning Hospital has blossomed under Ms. 
Magan ˜a’s leadership. During her tenure the 
hospital has expanded its operations and ca-pabilities, allowing it to effectively serve the needs of our region. Ms. Magan ˜a was instru-
mental in the building of a new 232,000 square foot facility; her fundraising efforts re-sulted in over $5 million for the construction of the new hospital. This new state-of-the-art fa-cility features a cancer treatment center and allows the hospital to provide lifesaving serv-ices and resources. 
Ms. Magan ˜a has worked tirelessly to better 
our local community. She is a member of the Corning Rotary Club and Corning Area Cham-ber of Commerce. She also serves as Co- Chair of the Fit & Strong Together Committee at Corning Hospital. 
Throughout her distinguished career, Shirley 
Magan ˜a has consistently provided exceptional 
medical care to those in need. She has posi-tively impacted our local healthcare profes-sion, and our neighbors are safer and healthier because of her years of dedicated service. I commend Ms. Magan ˜a on a suc-
cessful career and I wish her the very best in her well-deserved retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN8.014 E11JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E883 June 11, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
state that yesterday, June 10, 2015, I incor-rectly cast my vote in favor of the Country of Origin Labeling Act (H.R. 2393), Roll Call No. 333. I intended to vote ‘‘NO’’ on this legisla-tion. 
f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MIS-
SOURI VETERANS HOME OF CAPE GIRARDEAU 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commemorate the 25th Anniversary of the Missouri Veterans Home of Cape Girardeau. For the past 25 years, the adminis-tration and staff of the home have made the care of our nation’s heroes their number one priority. 
The Missouri Veterans Home of Cape 
Girardeau serves as a prominent asset to the well being of our veterans by providing them with medical care, counseling services, and documentation assistance they need and de-serve. I am very proud of their service to the community of Cape Girardeau and the sur-rounding area. 
For their tireless effort and devotion to serv-
ing our veterans in Missouri, it is my pleasure to recognize the 25th Anniversary of the Mis-souri Veterans Home of Cape Girardeau. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call num-
ber 326 I am recorded as a Nay. I would like to reflect my intention was to vote Yea. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE QUAD COUNTY 
URBAN LEAGUE AND THE STU-DENTS PARTICIPATING IN TO-MORROW’S SCIENTISTS, TECHNI-CIANS, AND MANAGERS AND PROJECT READY 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Quad County Urban League and the students participating in two of its im-portant programs: Tomorrow’s Scientists, Technicians, and Managers, and Project Ready. 
For over twenty years, the Quad County 
Urban League has sponsored Tomorrow’s Sci-entists, Technicians, and Managers in an ef-fort to inspire young minority students to pur-
sue their goals. Over 1,800 students have benefited from the tutoring, workshops, college visits, and guest speakers provided by the program. Students who have completed the program maintain excellent grade point aver-ages, receive thousands of dollars in scholar-ships, and contribute countless hours giving back to their community. 
More recently, the Quad County Urban 
League has introduced Project Ready, a pro-gram with the goal of familiarizing minority stu-dents and their families with the college deci-sion making process. By introducing concepts like college admissions and financial aid early on, Project Ready prepares a path for strong academic students to pursue post-secondary STEM Education. 
Congratulations to the Quad County Urban 
League and the students who have partici-pated in these rigorous programs. Real dif-ferences are being made in our communities because of programs like Tomorrow’s Sci-entists, Technicians, and Managers, and Project Ready. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE PUERTO RICAN 
FAMILY INSTITUTE 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay 
tribute to an organization that has evolved into an important anchor in both New York City and in Puerto Rico. The Puerto Rican Family Institute (PRFI) provides a wide range of crit-ical social and health services, strengthening our neighborhoods. 
For some of our youngest neighbors, PRFI 
operates 35 Head Start centers located in Brooklyn, the Bronx and San Juan, Puerto Rico. 1,396 children benefit from this initiative, which provides pre-school children of low-in-come families a comprehensive child develop-ment program to meet their educational, emo-tional, social, health and nutritional needs. In addition, the Institute operates four full-day Universal Pre-K classrooms serving over 60 children in Brooklyn and the Bronx. 
On the other end of the age spectrum, PRFI 
is equally committed to caring for the seniors in our community. The Life Line Center for Latino Seniors is based at the Brooklyn Mental Health Clinic, and offers seniors counseling, assistance with obtaining financial entitle-ments, referrals for medical services, food stamp assistance, as well as group and peer support. 
Mental health services are also part of 
PRFI’s portfolio. The Children’s Intensive Case Management Program targets assistance to emotionally disturbed children in need of clin-ical case management and supervision. In ad-dition PRFI runs a center helping emotionally disturbed adolescents, and provides adult sup-portive services to homeless mentally ill indi-viduals. 1,128 clients benefit from this service, making it the largest in our state. 
Housing assistance is made available to de-
velopmentally disabled individuals through PRFI’s quality community based residential services, which aims to provide skills that will enable program beneficiaries to live as inde-pendently as possible. Mr. Speaker, I could go on. From health 
services, to nutritional programs, PRFI helps meet the needs of ten thousand families and children residing in New York and Puerto Rico. The assistance offered extends well be-yond the Latino community reaching individ-uals of all backgrounds. What all of PRFI’s programs have in common is that they provide a helping hand to some of our most vulnerable neighbors. Whether it is the senior citizen struggling to get by on a fixed income, a low- income family endeavoring to raise children or a developmentally disabled person wanting to lead a richer life, PRFI harnesses the strengths of our community to assist them. 
f 
BULK DATA COLLECTION 
TRAMPLES OUR RIGHTS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the unre-
stricted and unconstitutional bulk data collec-tion program started by the NSA represents the worst of the Washington Machine. 
A recent poll shows that a majority of Ameri-
cans agree. 
The government should not have the au-
thority to collect information without first ob-taining a warrant. Period. 
Our Founders feared a government powerful 
enough to commit unreasonable searches and seizures, so they crafted the Fourth Amend-ment to protect our right to privacy. 
Though technology has evolved and con-
tinues to do so, the Constitution remains the same. 
Gone are the days where Americans use 
their cellphones exclusively for phone calls and text messages. 
Many people also use their phones for daily 
activities from tracking their steps to logging their finances or inputting what they ate that day. 
The Fourth Amendment protects our phone 
conversations, our emails, our texts, our Inter-net history, our bank statements and more. 
The NSA bulk-collection program tramples 
our rights. 
Recently, the 2nd U.S. Court of Appeals 
deemed this bulk collection of data illegal. 
Now, some members of Congress are trying 
to pass a law that allows this illegal surveil-lance to continue, and I will not stand for it. 
The House of Representatives recently 
passed the USA Freedom Act, which makes some steps to limit data collection under Sec-tion 215 of the Patriot Act; however, the bill does nothing to limit government spying under Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act. 
Contrary to claims that the House bill would 
‘‘end bulk surveillance,’’ the truth is it would not. 
The NSA uses Section 702 as a means to 
gather not only data, but actual content of communications—content of your phone calls, texts and emails. Section 702 is more intrusive than Section 215. 
In the course of this collection, the content 
of American citizens, many of whom have done nothing wrong or illegal, is also col-lected. 
Current law allows law enforcement to then 
search through this data for information and they can do so without a warrant. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JN8.020 E11JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E884 June 11, 2015 
Reverse-targeting of American citizens is in-
consistent with the Constitution and must stop now. 
Opponents of civil liberties will argue that 
these mass invasions of privacy will make us safer. 
Americans should not have to give up their 
constitutional rights for national security. 
Casting too wide of a collection net for intel-
ligence can be a distraction from the analysis necessary to stop plots and—to counter ter-rorism. 
Let’s be clear: The NSA should keep close 
watch on suspected terrorists to keep our country safe. 
But before invading the privacy of American 
citizens, a warrant must and can be obtained in a timely manner. 
Programs that permit due process and are 
held accountable by an open court will serve as a just way to collect intelligence. 
The sacrifice of our personal liberty for se-
curity is and will forever be a false choice. 
I have introduced several pieces of legisla-
tion that would restrain the federal govern-ment: This legislation includes H.R. 2233, the End Warrantless Surveillance of Americans Act. H.R. 2233 would prohibit warrantless searches of government databases for infor-mation that pertains to U.S. citizens. It would also forbid government agencies from man-dating or requesting ‘‘back doors’’ into com-mercial products that can be used for surveil-lance. 
This legislation mirrors an amendment that 
was offered to the USA Freedom Act, which was backed by a broad bipartisan coalition, in-cluding members of Congress and outside groups across the political spectrum. 
The fight for NSA reform is ongoing, and I 
will continue to stand up and defend the Bill of Rights. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TIM SBRANTI ON 
HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I want to take this opportunity to recognize a great teacher, mentor, and friend, Tim Sbranti, as he retires after 17 years of public school teaching. 
Since 1978, Tim has been a resident of our 
shared hometown, Dublin, California. Tim’s service to Dublin started early, serving as stu-dent body president at Dublin High School and on the Parks and Community Service Com-mission. 
After graduating from California State Uni-
versity, Sacramento, Tim returned to his hometown to teach and coach at his high school alma mater. I was fortunate enough to have Tim as my economics teacher, mock trial advisor, and tennis coach. As an educator, Tim encouraged me and countless other young people to help our community and go into public service. Over the past 17 years, few people have shaped the lives and inspired more youth in Dublin than Tim Sbranti. 
Tim’s advocacy for public education reached 
beyond Dublin. He worked as the chair of the California Teachers Association’s Political In-volvement Committee and led Californians 
Dedicated to Education. Beyond education, Tim has committed himself to working in all areas to better our local community. I was honored to serve with Tim when he and I were members of the Dublin City Council. Tim served on the City Council from 2002 to 2006, and as Dublin’s mayor, from 2008 and 2014. 
While always putting his hometown first, Tim 
has also been active in advancing opportunity in the greater Tri-Valley area. Tim has served as a board member of the Tri-Valley Housing and Opportunity Center, Dublin Historical Preservation Association, and Las Positas College Foundation. And, he is a past presi-dent of the Dublin Lions Club. 
I am honored today to have the opportunity 
to publicly recognize Tim’s many years of teaching and contributions to our shared hometown and the Tri-Valley. 
f 
HONORING BURNEY STARKS 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I wish to rec-
ognize a leader in Tucson’s community who dedicated his life to serve others. 
Mr. Starks was a 1969 graduate of Pueblo 
High School, a proud Pueblo Warrior. In 1974 he graduated with honors from the University of Arizona where he also played football for the Wildcats. He then earned a Master’s de-gree from Troy University. He was also known for his skills as an actor and singer. He ap-peared onstage in productions such as ‘‘Driv-ing Miss Daisy’’ and ‘‘Look Ma, We’re Danc-ing,’’ as well as many others. Mr. Starks also sang with the True Devotion Motown Revue. 
Mr. Starks was a U.S. Army veteran. He 
went on active duty as an Army officer and had tours of duty in Georgia, Indiana, Missouri and South Korea. Following his initial active duty tour he returned to Tucson where he hosted a TV talk show called ‘‘Looking Black’’ and worked for Tucson Unified School District. He returned to active duty in 1981 and retired from the military service in 1996 at the rank of Major. After leaving active duty he worked for the Tucson Urban League and returned to Tucson Unified School District. Mr. Burney Starks was known as the long time educator at Pueblo High School, a school counselor specializing in dropout prevention. He instilled in the minds of those who didn’t believe in themselves that they could accomplish any-thing they set their minds to, that nothing was out of reach as long as they wanted it enough and were willing to work towards it. Mr. Starks was also known for the many community ac-tivities he was a part of and in some cases was the driving force for. Burney served on the boards of the Tucson Arizona Boys Cho-rus, the Dunbar Coalition, the America Israel Friendship League, the Southern Arizona Aca-demic Decathlon, the Pueblo Warrior Alumni Foundation and as President of the Board of the Tucson Juneteenth Festival Committee. He also served as Lieutenant Governor for Kiwanis International where he had been a member for 35 years; He was past com-mander in the Military Order of the World Wars and past president in the Reserve Offi-cers Association. He is survived by his wife Ruth M. Starks, 
5 children Benjamin S., Burnes O. III, Eliza-beth M., Bryan M., and Rebekah R. 
Burney has 9 Siblings/Gary E., Daryl D., 
Terry L., Charles G., Donna R., Harry J., Jac-queline B., Larry D., and Timothy B. 
Burney Starks has left a legacy which he 
will be remembered for and honored for years to come. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ELIJAH ‘‘SONNY’’ 
SINGLETON, JR. 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to offer my sincere condolences and to honor the memory of Elijah ‘‘Sonny’’ Singleton, Jr., for his achievements, contributions, and serv-ice to his community as a loving father and pil-lar of civic engagement. 
Elijah Singleton spent his life serving his 
community as a teamster, putting the needs of others before his own. Elijah was also active as a member of his local union, imparting the importance of citizenship to his children at an early age. He taught them the value of a day’s work and to appreciate life’s gifts and opportu-nities. 
His monumental example was the inspira-
tion for his son, Troy, who now serves in the New Jersey General Assembly. Pursuing a life of service and following the lessons of his fa-ther, Troy once remarked that his father never looked for short cuts because true success only comes as a result of hard work and dili-gence. 
Mr. Speaker, Elijah Singleton’s dedication to 
family, community, and public service was evi-dent. As a family man, he constantly sur-rounded himself with those he cared for, and no one worked harder or loved more passion-ately than Elijah. He is survived by two de-voted sons, Troy and Derrick, and six adoring grandchildren. I join the South Jersey commu-nity and the State of New Jersey in honoring the life and accomplishments of this great man. 
f 
HONORING FRANK NASH 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Frank Nash from Ironton, Mis-souri for his academic success and service to our community. 
Frank has set a wonderful example of hard 
work and a dedication to serve others. Now an Eagle Scout, Frank has earned nine Eagle Palms since he started as a Tiger Cub with the Boy Scouts. For his Eagle Scout project, Frank built tables and chairs for senior adults at his church to use. He also built a flower box to decorate the First Baptist Church of Pilot Knob’s sign. 
He is the salutatorian of his graduating class 
and has already earned more than 40 college credits through his high school’s advanced placement program. He will be attending the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JN8.025 E11JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E885 June 11, 2015 
University of Missouri-Kansas City in the fall 
where he is interested in studying neurology. 
On April 1, Frank was notified that he was 
the sole recipient of the National Eagle Scout Association’s $25,000 United Health Founda-tion college scholarship. This scholarship, which receives more than 5,000 applications each year, is awarded to a student who plans to pursue a career in healthcare and is willing to reinvest their skills in an under-served com-munity. Frank has also received scholarships from the Hagan Foundation and the Elks Na-tional Foundation. It comes as no surprise that his hard work, both in the community and the classroom, have paid off. 
Frank is a role model for all Missouri stu-
dents and it is my pleasure to recognize his efforts and accomplishments before the House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF MASTER SERGEANT TAUTALAGIA ‘‘TUNI’’ SOTOA NUMERA 
HON. AUMUA AMATA COLEMAN 
RADEWAGEN 
OF AMERICAN SAMOA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in memory of Master Sergeant Tantalagia Sotoa Numera, or known to his family and friends simply as ‘‘Tuni’’, who passed away on June 1 at the age of 86. 
Tuni was born on February 27, 1929, in 
Pago Pago, American Samoa to parents, Taua and Siao Numera. Following his child-hood on the islands, and at the young age of 23, Tuni enthusiastically fulfilled his childhood dream of serving in our nations armed forces and joined the U.S. Marine Corps. 
During Tuni’s 27 years of service in the Ma-
rine Corps, he would fight in two wars and serve 8 total combat tours. Tuni saw his first action in Korea, but it wouldn’t be his last . . . not by a long shot. 
Master Sergeant Numera served 7 combat 
tours in the jungles of Vietnam. During his first tour in Vietnam, Tuni was wounded in combat for which he received the Purple Heart. While this would be more than enough sacrifice to one’s nation for even the toughest and most patriotic of soldiers, it wasn’t for Tuni. He would return to those jungles where he was initially wounded, 6 more times. When once asked by a friend ‘‘why did you serve 7 tours in Vietnam?’’ he replied . . . ‘‘I was looking for the guy that shot me during my first tour.’’ This is a perfect example of just how much of a true Leatherneck he was. 
Master Sergeant Numera was awarded nu-
merous decorations during his career in the Marines, including: the Navy & Marine Corps Medal, the Bronze Star, and of course the Purple Heart, with a Gold Star, which is the equivalent of two Purple Hearts. 
Known for his irresistible smile and grand 
sense of humor, Tuni was always at the cen-ter of whatever was going on and always had a kind word or helping hand to those who needed it. 
Tuni also enjoyed a number of recreational 
activities, including fishing, bowling, playing poker, watching westerns, and TV shows like Walker Texas Ranger. Perhaps the only things that Tuni loved 
more than his country were his faith in God and his beautiful family. Tuni is survived by his wife, Eleanor; children, Zina, Trinidad, Cynthia, Anthony, Jeffrey, Michael, Elena, and Chris-tina; ‘‘adopted sons,’’ Vincent, and Mike; 26 grandchildren, and 15 great-grandchildren. This man was obviously very loved by all who knew him and we all mourn their loss. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask all Members of the U.S. 
House of Representatives to join me recog-nizing the lifelong service and dedication to our nation that was exemplified by Master Ser-geant Numera and honor him by continuing to uphold those values that we cherish as Ameri-cans and for which Tuni dedicated his life. 
f 
IMMIGRANT HERITAGE MONTH 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
commemorate Immigrant Heritage Month and salute the contributions of immigrants to the never ending glory and story of America. 
I stand in solidarity with our immigrant sol-
diers who have fought to defend and extend our freedoms from the shores of the Atlantic to the Pacific, in the deserts of Africa and the jungles of Asia, to the seas of the Persian Gulf. 
I stand in solidarity with our immigrant 
innovators and entrepreneurs who make up over 40 percent of the CEO of the Fortune 500 companies, which employ over 3 million of our fellow citizens. 
And I stand in solidarity with the children of 
our immigrants who will be an integral part of our nation’s future achievements. 
This is why I have consistently introduced 
legislation such as H.R. 1525, ‘‘Save America Comprehensive Immigration Act of 2013,’’ which sets forth a comprehensive and humane solution to immigrant reform. 
This legislation works to secure our borders 
and brings close to 12 million illegal immi-grants out of the shadows of society through earned access to legalization. 
Our country has made progress because of 
the work and determination of immigrants and we owe it to them and ourselves to maintain a system that allows immigrants to prosper within our borders through approved legal processes. 
In 1884 a Serbian immigrant name Nikola 
Tesla worked with American innovator Thom-as Edison and would later contribute to the development of the alternating-current elec-trical system. 
A son of an immigrant slave, Benjamin 
Banneker would grow up to be a scientist, sur-veyor, and author; these pioneers of their fields have helped advance the American economy through innovation. 
We are a more prosperous nation because 
of the contributions from immigrants who helped build this country, but we have not done enough. 
President Obama has used his executive 
powers to provide more resources for border security, modernizing the legal immigration system for workers, employers, and students, and focusing enforcement on the real threats to security. Although more remains to be done to real-
ize the full promise of the America dream for many immigrants, we continue to fight for those who are already contributing members of their communities to ensure there is a safe and legal path to the ultimate goal of full citi-zenship. 
The unity of families is an essential Amer-
ican value and should be one of the fun-damentals of immigration reform, along with increasing the diversity of immigration from parts of the world that have been historically underrepresented such as the Caribbean, Afri-ca, and Haiti. 
Mr. Speaker, my district is home to the most 
racially and ethnically diverse metropolitan area in the nation, and as a result I celebrate our immigrant leaders such as Texas Rep-resentative Hubert Vo, born in South Vietnam, graduate of the University of Houston, and now public servant for the people of District 149. 
I celebrate Joseph Pulitzer a Hungarian im-
migrant soldier who served in the Civil War under the Union Army whose contributions would leave a legacy of literary excellence; 
Hakeem Olajuwon a Nigerian native and cele-brated athlete of Houston who led the Houston Rockets to the NBA championship in 1994 and 1995, and the countless others who have made significant impacts that have advanced our nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to acknowledge 
the achievements of just a few of the count-less Americans who have braved the seas and sands to build a new life in America and enrich the cultural tapestry of the greatest na-tion on earth. 
I recognize that our nation would not enjoy 
the freedoms we have today without the dedi-cation and hard work of our immigrant ances-tors and we owe it to them to work on a more comprehensive immigration reform. 
f 
THE INTRODUCTION OF THE FED-
ERAL EMPLOYEE SHORT-TERM DISABILITY INSURANCE ACT OF 2015 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today I intro-
duce the Federal Employee Short-Term Dis-ability Insurance Act of 2015, which will help provide financial relief for federal employees who have a short-term injury or disability, be-come pregnant, or develop a pregnancy-re-lated illness. This bill will offer federal employ-ees short-term disability insurance at no cost to the federal government. Employees will be responsible for 100 percent of the premiums, and will be able to receive disability insurance benefits for up to one year that would replace a portion of their lost income due to a non- work related injury, illness, or pregnancy. These benefits will be particularly beneficial to ensure that our federal employees, who do not yet enjoy paid maternity leave, are able to uti-lize the 12 weeks of unpaid maternity leave permitted by federal law while continuing to pay their bills, buy groceries, and make their mortgage, car, and other loan payments with-out having to deplete their retirement or other savings accounts. Too many federal employ-ees do not take advantage of federal unpaid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JN8.029 E11JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E886 June 11, 2015 
maternity leave because they have no way to 
replace the lost income. 
I decided to investigate how we could pro-
vide short-term disability insurance for federal employees after learning that many of them al-ready buy short-term disability insurance as in-dividuals in the private market at high indi-vidual rates. Although federal employees have good health insurance, federal health benefits do not replace lost income if employees are unable to work. Moreover, while federal em-ployees may have available sick or annual leave days, they may not have enough such days to pay the bills if they have to be out of work for an extended period. Although there 
are long-term disability options for federal em-ployees who become permanently disabled, federal employees do not qualify for such ben-efits until they have worked for the federal government for at least 18 months. My bill does no more than put federal employees in the same position as their private-sector coun-terparts, who have access to disability insur-ance through an employer at group rates. This bill will not allow participating insurance com-panies to exclude persons based on pre-existing conditions. Because of the federal government’s purchasing power, this bill will provide these benefits at a more competitive rate than is available if an employee sought 
such insurance as an individual. 
According to the Social Security Administra-
tion, a 20-year-old worker has a one in four chance of becoming disabled by retirement age. The majority of disabilities are not caused by major accidents, but by conditions or ill-nesses, such as cancer or back injuries, ac-cording to the Council for Disability Aware-ness. There is every reason to allow our fed-eral employees to take advantage of the fed-eral government’s group rates to obtain the most reasonable price if they choose to pur-chase short-term disability coverage on their 
own at no cost to the federal government. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
f 
YUCAIPA HIGH SCHOOL WOMEN 
SOFTBALL TEAM CIF SOUTHERN SELECT DIVISION II CHAMPIONS 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and celebrate the Yucaipa High School Women’s Softball team for ending their sea-
son as California Interscholastic Federation Southern Section Division II champions. The team has been named the 2015 Cal-Hi Sports State Team of the Year. 
The Thunderbirds have had a rewarding 
season with an incredible 31 wins. Last Fri-day, the ladies scored another victory when they beat the undefeated Mission Viejo high school at the final game in Irving, California. With dedication and commitment, the team, along with their head coach David Kivett, earned the title after an entire season of hard work. 
In closing, I’d like to joyously congratulate 
the players: Alexis Avalos, Kaitlyn Alvarado, Annie Bakenhus, Brooke Bolinger, Brooke Brady, Skyler Burke, Keely Clark, Mallorie Cross, Jordan Green, Jordan Herron, Jazzy Lopez, Kayla Martin, Megan Martin, Kelly Mar-tinez, Madyson Marvuli, Blayne Nelson, and Kora Shoemaker. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JN8.032 E11JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D690 Thursday, June 11, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4063–S4118 
Measures Introduced: Twenty bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1551–1570, and S. Res. 199–200.
                                               Pages S4103–04 
Measures Reported: 
H.R. 23, to reauthorize the National Windstorm 
Impact Reduction Program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–62) 
S. 1558, making appropriations for Department of 
Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. (S. Rept. No. 114–63) 
H.R. 2250, making appropriations for the Legisla-
tive Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–64) 
S. 756, to require a report on accountability for 
war crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria. 
                                                                                            Page S4103 
Measures Passed: 
Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center 
in Denver: Senate passed S. 1568, to extend the au-
thorization to carry out the replacement of the exist-ing medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers of amounts to carry out the replacement of such med-
ical center.
                                                                     Page S4116 
Department of Homeland Security Interoperable 
Communications Act: Senate passed H.R. 615, to 
amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to re-quire the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to take adminis-trative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                    Pages S4116–17 
Authorizing the Reprinting of the 25th Edition 
Pocket Constitution: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 
54, authorizing the reprinting of the 25th edition of the pocket version of the United States Constitution. 
                                                                                            Page S4117 Measures Considered: 
National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-
ment: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 1735, 
to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S4073–90 
Withdrawn: 
McCain (for Burr) Modified Amendment No. 
1569 (to Amendment No. 1463), to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced shar-ing of information about cybersecurity threats. 
                                                                            Pages S4073, S4089 
Pending: 
McCain Amendment No. 1463, in the nature of 
a substitute.                                                                   Page S4073 
McCain Amendment No. 1456 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to require additional information sup-porting long-range plans for construction of naval vessels.
                                                                             Page S4073 
Cornyn Amendment No. 1486 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to require reporting on energy security issues involving Europe and the Russian Federation, and to express the sense of Congress regarding ways 
the United States could help vulnerable allies and partners with energy security.
                             Page S4073 
Vitter Modified Amendment No. 1473 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to limit the retirement of Army combat units.
                    Pages S4073, S4075, S4083 
Markey Amendment No. 1645 (to Amendment 
No. 1463), to express the sense of Congress that ex-ports of crude oil to United States allies and partners should not be determined to be consistent with the national interest if those exports would increase en-ergy prices in the United States for American con-sumers or businesses or increase the reliance of the United States on imported oil.
                           Page S4073 
Reed (for Blumenthal) Modified Amendment No. 
1564 (to Amendment No. 1463), to enhance protec-tions accorded to servicemembers and their spouses. 
                                                                      Pages S4073, S4075–83 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D11JN5.REC D11JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D691 June 11, 2015 
McCain (for Paul) Modified Amendment No. 
1543 (to Amendment No. 1463), to strengthen em-ployee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government.
                                                Page S4073 
Reed (for Durbin) Modified Amendment No. 
1559 (to Amendment No. 1463), to prohibit the award of Department of Defense contracts to in-verted domestic corporations.
                              Page S4073 
Feinstein (for McCain) Amendment No. 1889 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to reaffirm the prohibition on torture.
                                                                     Page S4073 
Fischer/Booker Amendment No. 1825 (to Amend-
ment No. 1463), to authorize appropriations for na-tional security aspects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal years 2016 and 2017.
                                  Page S4073 
Lee Amendment No. 1687 (to Amendment No. 
1473), to provide for the protection and recovery of the greater sage-grouse, the conservation of lesser prairie-chickens, and the removal of endangered spe-cies status for the American burying beetle. 
                                                                                    Pages S4083–88 
McCain (for Ernst/Boxer) Amendment No. 1549 
(to Amendment No. 1463), to provide for a tem-porary, emergency authorization of defense articles, defense services, and related training directly to the Kurdistan Regional Government.
             Pages S4089–90 
Reed (for Gillibrand) Amendment No. 1578 (to 
Amendment No. 1463), to reform procedures for de-terminations to proceed to trial by court-martial for certain offenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
                                                                            Page S4090 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
McCain Amendment No. 1463, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Tuesday, June 13, 2015.
                                        Page S4087 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of McCain Amendment No. 1463.
                        Page S4087 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 56 yeas to 40 nays (Vote No. 207), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the McCain (for Burr) Modified Amendment No. 1569 (to Amendment No. 1463) (listed above).
                               Pages S4087–88 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that McCain (for Ernst) Amendment No. 1549 (to Amendment No. 1463) (listed above) and Reed (for Gillibrand) Amendment No. 1578 (to Amendment No. 1463) (listed above) be subject to a 60 affirmative vote threshold.
                         Page S4089 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, June 15, 2015, Senate resume consideration of the bill; and that the filing deadline for all first-degree amendments to both the bill and to McCain Amend-ment No. 1463, be at 4 p.m.
                             Page S4117 
Signing Authority—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that Sen-ator Perdue be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions.
                                                  Page S4117 
McGuire and Smith Nominations—Agreement: A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that at 5 p.m., on Monday, June 15, 2015, Senate begin consideration of the nominations of Matthew T. McGuire, of the District of Colum-bia, to be United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Develop-
ment, and Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service; that there be 30 minutes for debate equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote, without inter-vening action of debate, on confirmation of the nominations in the order listed; and that no further motions be in order to the nominations.
       Page S4117 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: 
Douglas J. Kramer, of Kansas, to be Deputy Ad-
ministrator of the Small Business Administration. 
                                                                            Pages S4070, S4118 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Brian R. Martinotti, of New Jersey, to be United 
States District Judge for the District of New Jersey. 
Robert F. Rossiter, Jr., of Nebraska, to be United 
States District Judge for the District of Nebraska. 
                                                                                    Pages S4117–18 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4103 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4104–05 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4105–10 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4101–02 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4110–15 
Notices of Hearings/Meetings:                Pages S4115–16 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4116 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4116 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—207)                                                                 Page S4088 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:19 p.m., until 2 p.m. on Monday, June 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\D11JN5.REC D11JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D692 June 11, 2015 
15, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of 
the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4117.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
An original bill (S.1558) entitled, ‘‘Department of 
Defense Appropriations Act, 2016’’; 
An original bill entitled, ‘‘Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’; and 
An original bill entitled, ‘‘Legislative Branch Ap-
propriations Act, 2016’’. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine the nomina-tions of Ann Elizabeth Dunkin, of California, Thom-as A. Burke, of Maryland, and Jane Toshiko Nishida, of Maryland, who was introduced by Senator Cardin, each to be an Assistant Administrator of the Envi-
ronmental Protection Agency, after the nominees tes-tified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
FEDERAL AGENCY WHISTLEBLOWERS 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine ac-
counts of current and former federal agency whistle-blowers, after receiving testimony from Lieutenant Colonel Jason Amerine, USA; Taylor Johnson, Senior Special Agent, Office of Investigations, and Jose Rafael Ducos, Chief Officer, Customs and Border Protection, both of the Department of Homeland Se-curity; Michael James Keegan, former Associate Commissioner, Facilities and Supply Management, Department of Budget, Finance, and Management, Social Security Administration; and Thomas Devine, Government Accountability Project, Washington, D.C. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2728–2744; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 309 were introduced.
                                       Pages H4241–42 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H4243 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 160, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–147); 
H.R. 1615, to direct the Chief FOIA Officer of 
the Department of Homeland Security to make cer-tain improvements in the implementation of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–148); and 
H.R. 1637, to require annual reports on the ac-
tivities and accomplishments of federally funded re-search and development centers within the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–149).
                                                Page H4241 Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Duncan (TN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H4163 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:56 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H4169 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a recorded vote of 239 ayes to 172 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 360. 
                                                                      Pages H4169, H4236–37 
Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015—Order of Business: Agreed by unanimous consent that the 
order of the House of June 10, 2015, regarding con-sideration of the Senate amendments to H.R. 1295, be modified by striking ‘‘printed’’ and inserting ‘‘submitted for printing’’.
                                      Page H4172 
Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015: The 
House agreed to the Ryan (WI) motion to concur in the Senate amendment to the title of H.R. 1295 and concur in the Senate amendment to the text of H.R. 1295 with an amendment numbered 1 printed in the Congressional Record, by a yea-and-nay vote of 
397 yeas to 32 nays, Roll No. 345. 
                                                                             Pages H4194–H4218 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JN5.REC D11JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D693 June 11, 2015 
Senate amendments were considered pursuant to 
the order of the House of June 10, 2015, as modi-fied by the order of the House of today.
       Page H4172 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016: The House passed H.R. 2685, making appro-
priations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, by a yea-and-nay vote of 278 yeas to 149 nays, Roll No. 358. Consid-eration began yesterday, June 10th. 
                                                                      Pages H4172, H4218–27 
Rejected the Moulton motion to recommit the 
bill to the Committee on Appropriations with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 186 ayes to 240 noes, Roll No. 357.
      Pages H4225–27 
Agreed to: 
Massie amendment that was debated on June 10th 
that prohibits the use of funds for Section 702 pro-grams of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (by a recorded vote of 255 ayes to 174 noes, Roll No. 356).
                                                    Pages H4224–25 
Rejected: 
Schiff amendment that was debated on June 10th 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds after March 31, 2016, for Operation Inherent Resolve in the ab-sence of a law enacted by Congress before such date that specifically authorizes the use of military force against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (by a recorded vote of 196 ayes to 231 noes, Roll No. 346);
                                                                         Pages H4218–19 
Lee amendment that was debated on June 10th 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force after De-cember 31, 2015 (by a recorded vote of 157 ayes to 270 noes, Roll No. 347);
                                      Page H4219 
Lee amendment that was debated on June 10th 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (by a recorded vote of 165 ayes to 264 noes, Roll No. 348);
              Pages H4219–20 
Sablan amendment that was debated on June 10th 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds to establish any live-fire range, training course, or maneuver area 
within the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (by a recorded vote of 173 ayes to 256 noes, Roll No. 349);
                                                            Page H4220 
Gosar amendment that was debated on June 10th 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds by the De-partment of the Navy to divest or transfer, or pre-pare to divest or transfer, any search and rescue units from the Marine Corps (by a recorded vote of 81 ayes to 347 noes, Roll No. 350);
                      Page H4221 
Johnson (GA) amendment that was debated on 
June 10th that sought to prohibit the use of funds to transfer a flash-bang grenade (by a recorded vote 
of 165 ayes to 265 noes, Roll No. 351); 
                                                                                    Pages H4221–22 
Gosar amendment that was debated on June 10th 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds to procure any Army Aircrew Combat Uniforms (by a recorded vote of 51 ayes to 378 noes, Roll No. 352); 
                                                                                            Page H4222 
Johnson (GA) amendment that was debated on 
June 10th that sought to prohibit the use of funds to transfer a mine-resistant ambush protected vehicle (by a recorded vote of 166 ayes to 262 noes, Roll No. 353);
                                                                       Page H4223 
Ellison amendment that was debated on June 
10th that sought to prohibit the use of funds to enter into a contract with any person whose disclo-sures of a proceeding with a disposition in the Fed-eral Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System include the term ‘‘Fair Labor Standards Act’’ and such disposition is listed as ‘‘willful’’ or ‘‘re-peated’’ (by a recorded vote of 187 ayes to 242 noes, Roll No. 354); and
                                           Pages H4223–24 
Smith (MO) amendment that was debated on June 
10th that sought to prohibit the use of funds to pro-vide for defense counsel for any individual described in section 8101(c) (by a recorded vote of 133 ayes to 297 noes, Roll No. 355).
                                Page H4224 
H. Res. 303, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2685) and (H.R. 2393), was agreed to yesterday, June 10th. 
Trade Act of 2015 and Trade Facilitation and 
Trade Enforcement Act of 2015—Rule for con-sideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 305, the 
rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1314) and the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 644), by a yea-and- nay vote of 217 yeas to 212 nays, Roll No. 359. 
                                                                                    Pages H4227–36 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H4227. 
Senate Referral: S. 253 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H4227 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes 
and thirteen recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4217–18, H4218, H4219, H4219–20, H4220, H4221, H4221–22, H4222, H4223, H4223–24, H4224, H4225, H4226–27, H4227, H4236, H4236–37. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 5:29 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JN5.REC D11JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D694 June 11, 2015 
Committee Meetings 
IMPLEMENTING THE AGRICULTURAL ACT 
OF 2014: CONSERVATION PROGRAMS 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Conserva-
tion and Forestry held a hearing entitled ‘‘Imple-menting the Agricultural Act of 2014: Conservation Programs’’. Testimony was heard from Jason Weller, Chief, Natural Resource Conservation Service, De-partment of Agriculture; Val Dolcini, Administrator, Farm Service Agency, Department of Agriculture; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Services and General Government held a markup on the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill. The Financial Services and Gen-eral Government Appropriations Bill was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a 
markup on the State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Appropriations Bill for FY 2016. The State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Bill for FY 2016 was ordered reported, as amended. 
THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE VIEWS ON 
THE MILITARY COMPENSATION AND RETIREMENT MODERNIZATION COMMISSION’S RECOMMENDATIONS FOR MILITARY HEALTH CARE REFORM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Depart-ment of Defense Views on the Military Compensa-tion and Retirement Modernization Commission’s Recommendations for Military Health Care Reform’’. Testimony was heard from Jonathan Woodson, As-sistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, De-partment of Defense; Lieutenant General Patricia D. Horoho, Surgeon General, Army; Lieutenant General Mark A. Ediger, Surgeon General, Air Force; and Rear Admiral C. Forrest Faison, III, MC, USN, Dep-uty Surgeon General, Navy. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining H.R. 1786, James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensa-tion Reauthorization Act’’. Testimony was heard from John Howard, Director, National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health; and public wit-nesses. THE FUTURE OF HOUSING IN AMERICA: 
OVERSIGHT OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in Amer-ica: Oversight of the Department of Housing and Urban Development’’. Testimony was heard from Ju-lian Castro, Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
EXAMINING LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS TO 
PRESERVE CONSUMER CHOICE AND FINANCIAL INDEPENDENCE 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-
nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Legislative Proposals to Preserve Consumer Choice and Financial Independ-ence’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
RETREAT OR REVIVAL: A STATUS REPORT 
ON DEMOCRACY IN ASIA 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia 
and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘Retreat or Revival: A Status Report on Democracy in Asia’’. Testimony was heard from Tom Malinowski, Assist-ant Secretary, Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State; Jonathan Stivers, Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Asia, U.S. Agen-cy for International Development; Scot Marciel, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, Department of State; and public witnesses. 
THE GOLDMAN ACT TO RETURN 
ABDUCTED AMERICAN CHILDREN: ASSESSING THE COMPLIANCE REPORT AND REQUIRED ACTION 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Goldman Act to Return Abducted American Chil-dren: Assessing the Compliance Report and Re-quired Action’’. Testimony was heard from Karen Christensen, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Consular Affairs, Department of State; Henry Hand, Director, Office of Children’s Issues, Bureau of Con-sular Affairs, Department of State; and public wit-nesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 9, the ‘‘Innovation Act’’. H.R. 9 was ordered reported, as amended. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee con-
cluded a markup on H.R. 387, the ‘‘Economic De-velopment Through Tribal Land Exchange Act’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Jun 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\D11JN5.REC D11JN5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D695 June 11, 2015 
H.R. 521, to provide for the conveyance of certain 
property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corpora-tion located in Bethel, Alaska; H.R. 1289, the ‘‘John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act’’; H.R. 1992, the ‘‘American Soda Ash Competitiveness Act’’; H.R. 2295, the ‘‘National Energy Security Corridors Act’’; H.R. 2358, the ‘‘Electricity Reli-ability and Forest Protection Act’’; and H.R. 2647, the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015’’. The fol-lowing bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 521, H.R. 1289, H.R. 2295, H.R. 2358, and H.R. 2647. The following bills were ordered re-ported, without amendment: H.R. 387 and H.R. 1992. 
EXAMINING FRAUD, WASTE, AND ABUSE 
AT THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Health Care, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Fraud, Waste, and Abuse at the Export-Import Bank’’. Testimony was heard from Mike McCarthy, Acting Inspector General, Export-Import Bank, Of-fice of the Inspector General. 
TRANSFORMING AMERICA’S AIR TRAVEL 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Space held a hearing entitled ‘‘Trans-forming America’s Air Travel’’. Testimony was heard 
from Jaiwon Shin, Associate Administrator, Aero-nautics Research Mission Directorate, National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, and Member, Fed-eral Aviation Administration Research and Develop-ment Advisory Committee; Dennis Filler, Director, William J. Hughes Technical Center, Federal Avia-tion Administration; and public witnesses. 
SQUEEZED: CURRENT CHALLENGES FOR 
SMALL CITRUS OPERATIONS 
Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Energy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Squeezed: Current Challenges for Small Citrus Op-
erations’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
EXPLORING VBA’S FIDUCIARY PROGRAM 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Dis-
ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Exploring VBA’s Fiduciary Program’’. Testimony was heard from David R. McLenachen, Acting Deputy Under Secretary for Disability Assist-ance, Director, Pension and Fiduciary Service, Vet-erans Benefits Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs; Gary Abe, Deputy Assistant Inspector General for Audits and Evaluations, Office of Inspec-tor General, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
JUNE 12, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s Proposed Ozone Rule’’, 9:30 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Oversight Failures Behind the Radiological In-cident at DOE’s Waste Isolation Pilot Plant’’, 9:45 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Sur-face Transportation: Technology Driving the Future’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JN5.REC D11JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD696 June 11, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
2 p.m., Monday, June 15 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 1735, National De-fense Authorization Act. The filing deadline for all first- degree amendments to both the bill and to McCain Amendment No. 1463, will be at 4 p.m. 
At 5 p.m., Senate will begin consideration of the 
nominations of Matthew T. McGuire, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, and vote on confirmation of the nominations at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Friday, June 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Motion to Concur in the Senate 
Amendment to H.R. 1314—Trade Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendments with a House Amendment to H.R. 644—Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Babin, Brian, Tex., E877 
Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E881 Bost, Mike, Ill., E883 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E882 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E880 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E880 Cook, Paul, Calif., E886 Costa, Jim, Calif., E882 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E879 Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E877, E879 Foster, Bill, Ill., E883 
Green, Gene, Tex., E880 Grijalva, Rau ´l M., Ariz., E884 
Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E881, E885 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E877 Kline, John, Minn., E879 Messer, Luke, Ind., E882 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E879, E884 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E881, E885 
Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E883 Poe, Ted, Tex., E880, E883 Radewagen, Aumua Amata Coleman, American 
Samoa, E885 
Reed, Tom, N.Y., E882 Rouzer, David, N.C., E877 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E878 Scott, Austin, Ga., E878 Smith, Jason, Mo., E879, E882, E883, E884 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E884 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E883 
Wittman, Robert J., Va., E877 Yoho, Ted S., Fla., E878 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 Jun 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D11JN5.REC D11JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST