Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2743 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 11, 2015 No. 71 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, May 12, 2015, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , MAY11, 2015 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Sovereign Lord, You are our light 
and salvation so we will not fear. You are the strength of our lives so we will be unafraid. Lord, we are grateful for Your steadfast love and unchanging mercy. Each day You provide us with Your power and compassion. 
Sustain our lawmakers today, 
strengthening them in their chal-lenging work of striving to find cre-ative ways to solve the problems of our time. Inspire them to trust You with-out wavering, acknowledging You in all they do. Lord, be gracious to them, guiding them with Your wisdom as You gladden their spirits with Your eternal presence. 
Send down Heaven’s peace into all 
our hearts. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Under the previous order, 
the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
THE SENATE AT WORK 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
took a trip up to Boston this weekend to address the Kennedy Institute. It was really a unique experience. 
I was there in a full-scale representa-
tion of the Senate Chamber to discuss how the real Senate is beginning to get back to work. I explained how commit-tees are working again so Senators can have more of a stake in the legislative process. I explained how we are allow-ing more open floor debate and more amendment opportunities so Senators can better represent the voices of their constituents. And I explained how we are getting the fundamentals back on track, such as passing a budget. 
This doesn’t mean we have ironed out 
all the Senate’s challenges. It doesn’t mean a new era of good feelings beck-ons just around the corner. And it doesn’t mean an exertion of will won’t be necessary every now and then. But it does mean that we are beginning to open the Senate back up, and in a way that will make shared achievement more likely. 
Recall just last week, when we over-
whelmingly passed a bill to give the American people more of a say in 
President Obama’s negotiations with Iran. Although we weren’t able to con-sider nearly the number of amend-ments I would have liked to have seen considered to strengthen the bill, the legislation did provide for congres-sional oversight of any comprehensive agreement. 
The White House had been threat-
ening to veto that bill, but it passed with the bipartisan support of 98 per-cent of Senators anyway. 
Later this afternoon, we will take up 
another Iran-related measure that I hope we will pass with similar bipar-tisan enthusiasm. 
The resolution of the junior Senator 
from Idaho is simple. It calls on the ad-ministration to use the tools it has in pursuit of what should be a bipartisan goal: securing the release of American citizens being held as hostages by the regime in Iran. 
One of those Americans, Saeed 
Abedini, has reportedly been held pris-oner for what would appear to be the supposed crime of attempting to build and operate an orphanage—the sup-posed crime of building and operating an orphanage. 
Beaten, denied access to medical 
care, and locked away in solitary con-finement—that is apparently how the Iranian regime deals with those who dare to show love and compassion to others. No American should find this acceptable, just as no American should find it acceptable to imprison unjustly a reporter or a grandson coming to see his grandmother. 
I think we can all agree that, at the 
very least, the American people should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11MY6.000 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2744 May 11, 2015 
not be rewarding Iran for its disgrace-
ful human rights abuses and that we should not be granting Iran access to the funding it desires to further its nu-clear weapons program and terrorist proxies while this exploitation con-tinues. 
So I call on every Senator to join us 
in standing up for human rights. Let’s pass Senator R
ISCH’s legislation later 
this afternoon. 
I mentioned earlier that committees 
are beginning to get back to work in the new Senate. We have seen a lot of bipartisan committee action in recent weeks. One standout achievement was the Finance Committee’s over-whelming passage of bipartisan trade legislation, 20 to 6. It is incredibly im-portant for American workers that we pass this bill. Without it, foreign coun-tries will continue to be able to dis-criminate against American products and American produce, while we have some of the lowest duties in the world. 
We need strong and fair trade legisla-
tion that expands Congress’s oversight over the administration and sets clear rules and standards for its trade nego-tiators. That is the Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act in a nutshell. 
Yet some talk about preventing the 
Senate from even debating the bill. I would tell you, I think this would be a big mistake. The Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act reported by the Finance Committee is already a strong bill, and we will have an amendment process on the floor that will allow Members the opportunity to advance their priorities. Voting to proceed to a bill is a vote that says this is worthy of debate— worthy of debate. Well, certainly this bill is indeed worthy of debate, sup-ported by the President of the United States. 
So I commend Senator H
ATCH , Sen-
ator W YDEN , and their colleagues on 
the Finance Committee for getting us this far. My hope is that we can con-tinue this debate tomorrow. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
MOVING LEGISLATION AND 
REPUBLICAN PRIORITIES 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I must 
comment on some of the statements that my friend the Republican leader has made. 
We have been able to accomplish a 
few things during this work period, and the reason we have been able to do so is that we, the minority, have cooper-ated. 
For 4 years, my Republican col-
leagues in the minority objected to ev-erything we tried to do—everything. I don’t mean most everything; I mean everything. That was a plan they had. I have mentioned before and I will mention again that they decided they 
would make sure that Obama was not reelected. That failed. And, No. 2, they were going to oppose everything he tried to do, and they have done that overwhelmingly. So it was really hard for 4 years to get things done. 
Now, my friend the majority leader 
can talk all he wants about how much we have gotten done. Look at what we have been able to accomplish. The ma-jority of the measures we have done could have been done before, if Repub-licans had not objected to them and stopped us from moving to those mat-ters. 
So we are going to continue to do ev-
erything we can to move measures, in conjunction with my Republican friends, but we shouldn’t be hearing a lot of speeches here about how great things are now, because every time that happens I am going to come and tell everybody what has happened for 4 years. 
Government is all about priorities. 
What do we, as Senators, value the most? With only a few days before the Memorial Day recess, I am disturbed and distressed by the Republicans’ pri-orities. For example, the majority leader knows that the Federal highway program expires this month—not next month, this month. He knows that the highway trust fund runs out of money a few weeks later. Why then are Repub-licans making no serious effort to pass a long-term reauthorization of the Fed-eral highway program? 
I can easily answer this question. 
They do not know how to pay for America’s next jobs bill. So with no as the answer, they again do nothing. An-other short-term extension—this is one of many—one of many. I think the last I remember, the last my staff brought me up to date—I think it has been 12 or 15 times that it has been extended for short periods of time. This is not good. This is such bad news for every State— every State—because the directors of the departments of transportation can’t do anything long term. The only way to have a good program for con-struction is to be able to look ahead. 
As the Senator from Vermont said 
the other day, Vermont’s season to be able to do construction work is very short, and they can’t do long-term planning when the money is only going to be available for a few months. 
So this is really unfortunate and 
really too bad. I say again, this could be America’s next jobs bill. So it is really too bad. 
We also have the Foreign Intel-
ligence Surveillance Act, known as FISA. It expires on June 1. It must be extended and reformed. Last week, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the bulk collection program, as currently constructed, is not author-ized under current law—meaning the law is illegal. It would be irresponsible for this Congress to merely reauthorize and not reform. How can we reauthor-ize something that is illegal? We can’t. We shouldn’t. Why would anyone agree to reauthorize a program which our 
circuit courts deem to be illegal? 
My friend the majority leader keeps 
talking about extending the program for 5
1⁄2years. Extending an illegal pro-
gram for 51⁄2years? That is not sen-
sible. What should happen is that we should move forward and do something that is needed here; that is, do it all over again. 
The House of Representatives is send-
ing us on Wednesday a new FISA bill, one that has been vetted by those peo-ple concerned about the rights of our citizens. They have determined that what the House has done is good. They have passed it out of committee 25 to 2. Senator L
EAHY has a bill over here that 
is almost identical to that bill. So I can’t understand why we just don’t wait until the House sends us that bill and we turn around immediately and give it to the President as passed by the House of Representatives. The President will sign it. He realizes the program has to be changed. We cannot reauthorize a program that is illegal. 
So I hope we can move forward on 
what the House has done. To his credit, Senator L
EAHY is not saying: We have 
to have my bill. He is saying: If we don’t do my bill—Senator L
EAHY ’s 
bill—pass the House bill. That would be good. 
This is the only bipartisan, bicameral 
solution we have today that will end the illegal bulk collection program in its current form and reform and reau-thorize key provisions of FISA. Other-wise, I am not the only one, Mr. Presi-dent. I was told walking over here that the junior Senator from Kentucky is not going to let the extension of FISA take place. 
So why don’t we just go ahead and 
get it done now; that is, when the House sends us their bill, say we are going to pass that and send it to the White House for signature. 
I hope the majority leader will reas-
sess his priorities and instead choose to protect Americans’ civil liberties. 
What is the business of the day, Mr. 
President? 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11MY6.011 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2745 May 11, 2015 
HONORING VIETNAM VETERANS 
AND NORTH DAKOTA’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN VIET-NAM 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I rise 
today to continue our efforts to honor the 198 North Dakotans who gave their lives while serving in the Vietnam war. 
Together with Bismarck High 
School’s 11th graders and their teach-ers, my office is reaching out to the families and friends of these fallen he-roes to learn about their lives. I am humbled to learn the tidbits shared with us about each young man, and I wish I could dedicate a whole speech to each unique life. 
Today, I also want to highlight the 
service and contributions to North Da-kota and our country by my good friend Rick Maixner of Bismarck. Rick served as a Navy pilot during the Viet-nam war, earning many distinguished medals for his aerial service. He then served the State of North Dakota as a State senator and member of the State house of representatives. In his forties, Rick earned his law degree. Through-out his career, he has always been a true public servant. I wish Rick a very happy 70th birthday. 
Now I will share about the lives of 
some of the North Dakotans who did not come home from the Vietnam war. 
JAMES FREIDT  
James Freidt was from Grand Forks 
and was born May 5, 1947. He served in the Army’s 1st Cavalry Division. James was 20 years old when he died on Octo-ber 11, 1967. 
James’s father served our country 
during World War II and received a Purple Heart for his service. 
James was one of 10 children and was 
one of three children in his family to die tragically. 
His family and friends called him 
Jimmy and remember him as a very protective brother who was always smiling. The siblings have fond memo-ries of playing games like kick the can together. 
Shortly before beginning his tour of 
duty, James was able to attend one of his sisters’ weddings. The family is grateful for that good memory of James. He was killed just over 1 month after arriving in Vietnam. 
ROBERT ‘‘BOBBY ’’ SCHMITZ  
Robert ‘‘Bobby’’ Schmitz was from 
Martin and was born February 25, 1944. He served in the Army’s 4th Infantry Division. Bobby was 25 years old when he died on September 16, 1969. 
He was the oldest of six children. His 
father, Eugene, and a brother, Denny, also served our country in the Army. Growing up, Bobby helped his family with farming and their dairy cows. He and his brother, Denny, were both on the wrestling team. Bobby graduated from NDSU with a degree in business administration before serving in Viet-nam. He was engaged to be married and was looking forward to starting his life with his fiancee after he completed his service. LOREN ‘‘DOUG ’’ HAGEN  
Loren ‘‘Doug’’ Hagen was born in 
Fargo on February 25, 1946. He served as a Green Beret in the Army Special Forces. On August 7, 1971, Doug died. He was 25 years old. 
Doug was the eldest of three sons. He 
was an Eagle Scout and an honor stu-dent. After graduating from NDSU with a degree in engineering, Doug en-listed in the Army. His goal was to find his best friend from high school, who had gone missing in action 2 years prior. 
Doug was killed 2 weeks into his sec-
ond tour of duty, which was 1 week prior to his being promoted to captain. 
Doug was awarded the Medal of 
Honor for extraordinary heroism for his actions trying to rescue his fellow soldiers on the day he died. His Medal of Honor was presented to his father by President Gerald Ford at the White House in 1974. 
Last month, the American Legion 
Post 308 was created in West Fargo and was named the Loren ‘‘Doug’’ Hagen Post in his honor. 
I am grateful to Jordan Haluzak, Jas-
mine Nice, Brady Bieber, and Alex Love of Bismarck High School for shar-ing with us about Doug and his family. Jordan is related to Doug and is learn-ing more about his family tree through this project. 
MICHAEL HIMMERICK  
Michael Himmerick was from Valley 
City and was born November 28, 1947. He served as a Navy medic for a group of 100 marines. Michael died on April 6, 1967. He was 19 years old. 
Michael was one of four boys, and 
two of his brothers also served in the Navy. His family called him Mickey, and the marines he served with called him Doc. His bother Jim says Michael was one heck of a ballplayer. He was scouted by four Major League Baseball teams when he was a sophomore in high school, but he threw his arm out the summer after his junior year. 
Jim remembers Michael’s plans to 
put his intelligence and military expe-rience to good use to become a doctor after completing his service. 
LARRY SIKORSKI  
Larry Sikorski was from Fairmount 
and was born April 1, 1947. He served in the Marine Corps’ Hotel Battery, 3rd Battalion, 12th Marines. Larry died on February 25, 1969. He was 21 years old. 
He had two sisters, Yvonne and Ar-
lene. He had four brothers, Chet, Rich-ard, Daniel, and Orrin—all of whom served our country in the U.S. mili-tary. 
Larry’s nephew Dale was just 1 year 
younger than Larry. He cherishes his memories of building a raft together, just like Huck Finn and Tom Sawyer. They spent 3 days together building it, but, unfortunately, once sent into the river, the raft did not float. 
Dale remembers Larry as being out-
going and very intelligent. Larry earned straight A’s while studying predentistry at the University of North Dakota before enlisting in the Marines. Before going to Vietnam, when Dale 
dropped Larry off at the airport, Larry told Dale he would never see him again. 
RICHARD ‘‘JIMMY ’’ GAFFNEY , JR. 
Richard ‘‘Jimmy’’ Gaffney, Jr., was 
from Fargo. He was born October 23, 1948. He served in the Marine Corps’ Echo Company, 2nd Battalion, 7th Ma-rines. Jimmy died on July 13, 1968. He was 19 years old. 
Jimmy enlisted in the Marine Corps 
shortly after he graduated from Fargo Central High School in 1966. During his first 13-month tour of duty in Vietnam, he was promoted to the rank of cor-poral. 
In letters he mailed to his family, 
Jimmy wrote that he had made a lot of good friends in his fellow soldiers. When his first tour came to an end, Jimmy signed up for a second tour. Shortly after starting his second tour of duty, he was killed by a land mine. 
RICHARD VOLK  
Richard Volk was from Minot. He 
was born March 20, 1949. He served in the Marine Corps’ Echo Battery, 2nd Battalion, 12th Marines. Richard died on March 19, 1969, the day before his 20th birthday. 
Richard was one of 11 children. Three 
of the four sons in his family served our country in the military. At one point, Richard and his older brother, Stephen, were both serving in Vietnam at the same time. 
Richard was a hard worker, working 
on the Soo Line Railroad and at his brother-in-law’s restaurant, the Pantry Cafe. His brother Virgil remembers that Richard loved hunting and fishing. Virgil said Richard was the best look-ing in the family, and he knew it. 
ROGER SVIR  
Roger Svir was from Park River and 
was born December 1, 1950. He served in the Army’s 1099th Transportation Com-pany, called the River Rats. Roger died on September 26, 1971. He was 20 years old. 
He was the oldest of four children. 
His father and seven uncles served our country in World War II and Korea. 
During high school, Roger worked for 
a potato farmer and shared his earn-ings with his mother Virginia. His mother cherishes her memories of Roger and his cousin playing together along the river and of Roger fixing his car. 
He had plans to buy a piece of land 
with his father and start their own farm. After Roger died, his father thought he was too old to start farming alone, and he gave up on the dream. 
Roger was proud to hold the same po-
sition as an Army River Rat ship fitter that his father held during World War II. 
WILLIS WEBER  
Willis Weber was from Valley City 
and was born July 1, 1937. He served in the Army’s 1st Infantry Division. His regiment was called the Blue Spaders of the Big Red One. Willis was 28 years old when he died on November 11, 1965. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11MY6.013 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2746 May 11, 2015 
At College High School in Valley 
City, his friends called him Willie. He participated in journalism, printing, basketball, football, and intramural sports. 
Prior to his Army service, Willis 
served in the Air Force and in the Val-ley City Police Department. 
Three weeks after arriving in Viet-
nam, Willis was shot, and he died a few days after because of that injury. He was awarded six medals in recognition for his actions while serving in Viet-nam. 
The Valley City AMVETS Post 3 and 
the Auxiliary are named after Willis in honor of his service and sacrifice to his country. 
I want to thank Woody Wendt, a 
charter member of the Willis Weber AMVETS Post, Sarah Lerud, and Wes Anderson—all of Valley City—for shar-ing these details of Willis’ life. 
EDWARD ALEC WERMAN  
Edward Alec Werman was from Han-
sel and was born April 11, 1938. He served with the Green Berets in the Army’s Special Forces. Edward was 33 years old when he died on June 1, 1971. 
In addition to his parents and five 
siblings, he left behind his wife Nancy, his daughter Robin, and his son Alec. 
His sister Linda remembers Edward 
as a hard worker who loved his chil-dren. His daughter Robin loved trav-eling as a child with her family to places such as Myrtle Beach and Wash-ington, DC. 
Edward became a captain in the 
Army after attending West Point. He served two tours of duty in Vietnam and died when the helicopter he was in crashed and burned. 
STEVE ESCALLIER  
Steve Escallier enlisted while living 
in Portal and was born February 13, 1950. He served in the Army’s 1st Cav-alry Division. Steve died on October 31, 1969. He was 19 years old. 
Steve’s siblings remember him as an 
exceptional brother with good looks and long eyelashes. He held closely the Native American values of truth, life, family, and God. Steve was a firm be-liever in the United States and the ob-ligation to help those who asked, so he chose to enlist. He had plans to become a teacher after completing his service. 
Steve’s sister Elyse believes the 
whole town where they lived in Cali-fornia mourned Steve’s death. It took the family years after his death to be able to say ‘‘Vietnam’’ and even longer to be able to say Steve’s name. 
STEVEN HANSON  
Steven Hanson spent his early child-
hood in Aneta and was born October 27, 1949. He served in the Army’s 101st Air-borne Division. Steve died on Sep-tember 24, 1971. He was 21 years old. 
His family and friends called him 
Steve. While growing up, Steven’s fa-ther Gordon served as a Lutheran pas-tor in the small town of Dazey, and the family traveled all over the world with his father’s work as an Army chaplain. 
Steven’s younger brother by 10 years, 
David, tells of a letter the family re-ceived from a fellow soldier whose life 
Steven saved the day he died. 
The letter described Steven as the 
pilot of his helicopter crew of four sol-diers. Steven’s helicopter was shot down, but he was able to guide it to a semicontrolled crash landing. A fellow pilot of Steven’s also had survived a re-cent crash, and Steven was heard jok-ing on the radio to tell so-and-so that he now has safely landed one, too. 
One of his crew members was pinned 
under the helicopter and injured, so Steven helped to free him and called the evacuation helicopter. Later, a sec-ond chopper came and dropped down the cable to take Steven and his crew-man to safety, but they were drawing fire, and the cable gave way. Steven fell 100 feet to his death. 
In addition to his parents and sib-
lings, Steven left behind a wife and son. 
LEON COX  
Leon Cox was from Jamestown and 
was born May 4, 1934. He enlisted in the Army’s 1st Infantry Division. Leon was 35 years old when he died on May 17, 1969. 
Leon, or ‘‘Fuzzy,’’ as he was affec-
tionately called by his family, was the seventh of 12 children. Leon grew up in a family dedicated to serving our coun-try. His father served in World War I; two brothers, John and Alex, served in World War II; and two other brothers, Donnie and Jim, served in Korea. 
Leon made a career out of his mili-
tary service. During his senior year of high school, he joined the National Guard and was deployed to Korea. After returning from his deployment, he joined the Army and was stationed in Germany, where he and his wife adopted a young girl named Nicolette. 
Leon’s family remembers him as a 
proud man who believed in his country. 
GUNDER GUNDERSON  
Gunder Gunderson was from Walhalla 
and was born on July 25, 1941. He served in the Army’s 1st Cavalry Division. Gunder was 24 years old when he died on November 23, 1965. 
His fellow platoon soldier, Paul 
Guglietta, says that it was an honor to serve in the same platoon as Sergeant Gunderson. Paul remembers Gunder as being dedicated, hard-working, and very intelligent. He always drove him-self to improve on everything he did. Paul was injured at the same time Gunder was killed and says that Gunder was a brave and courageous soldier. 
ROY WAGNER  
Roy Wagner was from Bismarck and 
was born February 23, 1947. He served in the Army’s 1st Infantry Division. Roy died October 2, 1967, at the age of 20. 
When Roy’s brother Toby was draft-
ed, Roy decided to enlist. When the draft board met the brothers together, they decided that Toby should go home because he had a wife and kids. Roy was more than happy to take Toby’s place. While in Vietnam, Roy met a young 
Vietnamese boy whose parents had been killed in the conflict. It was Roy’s intention to adopt the boy once he married his fiancee while on leave, but Roy was killed before he could marry his sweetheart or adopt the boy. 
The day he died, Roy was in the field 
with five other soldiers. The group was led into a tunnel and ambushed. Three of the men were shot, and Roy knew that he needed to buy them some time. He stood at the front of the group shooting at the enemy until all of the other men got out. He took seven bul-lets, saved all five men, and lost his 
life that day. All five men later con-tacted the family to tell them of Roy’s self-sacrifice. 
The AMVETS post in Bismarck is 
named after Roy to honor his service and his sacrifice. 
I wish to thank Bismarck High 
School students Kyra Wetzel and Hun-ter Lauer for sharing their research about Roy Wagner with us. 
These are just a few of the brave men 
who served our country in Vietnam. As we are now experiencing the 50th anni-versary of the Vietnam war, commemo-rated by an official proclamation by the President, I think it is important that we honor those who were killed in action and that we share their stories with the next generation of North Da-kotans, the next generation of Ameri-cans, so they can truly appreciate the sacrifice of those who served us in the U.S. military and certainly the sac-rifice which gave the last great meas-ure of their lives. 
I thank the Presiding Officer and 
yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
FREEDOM FOR BOB LEVINSON 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, at 
5:30 p.m. today, we are going to vote on S. Con. Res. 16, which calls on the Gov-ernment of Iran to release Americans who are being held. It also calls on the government to cooperate in finding, lo-cating, and ultimately releasing Bob Levinson. 
Robert Levinson, a retired FBI agent, 
while visiting the tourist Island of Kish in the Persian Gulf, which is a part of Iran, suddenly disappeared in 2007. It has been 8 years since his disappear-ance, which occurred on March 9, 2007. Since Bob is a part of this resolution, this is just another of a continuing conversation this Senator from Florida has had over the course of the last 8 years. It is unbelievable that it has been 8 years. 
It wasn’t until 2010—3
1⁄2years after 
his disappearance—that the Levinson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11MY6.014 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2747 May 11, 2015 
family received a proof-of-life video. 
Then, 1 year later, they received photo-graphs of Bob, in April of 2011. Since then, nothing. 
Now, if the Government of Iran real-
ly wanted to help, they could. It may be that one part of the Iranian Govern-ment is keeping it from other parts. It could be the military—or the special part of the military, the Quds Force— knows, and it may be that the Foreign Minister and the President of Iran do not have the facts. But there is some-body in Iran who can produce the facts, if he wanted to, and that is the Su-preme Leader. 
Now, in this era of intense negotia-
tions over preventing Iran from having a nuclear weapon and preventing them from the ability to develop a nuclear weapon any time in the next 10 years without us at least getting 1 year’s ad-vance notice so we can take counter-measures; in this time of intense dis-cussions with Iran—of course, it is con-stantly brought up by our negotiating team, including Secretary of State Kerry, but it is rather inexcusable that the only answer Iran has is, We don’t know anything about Bob Levinson. 
This is, of course, personal to the FBI 
community because the hostage is one of their retired agents. It is personal to us in Florida as well. Bob left behind a wife, seven children, and four grand-children. Christine Levinson lives in Florida. A number of the FBI agents who have tried to help her over the course of the years also live in Florida. We are hopefully and prayerfully ex-pectant that if it is a successfully con-cluded negotiation to prevent Iran from having a nuclear weapon, that the Government of Iran will immediately release all Americans who are in jail whom we know about and likewise will make the effort to find Bob and bring him home to his wife and seven chil-dren. That is what humanity would ab-solutely require. 
So at this particular time—8 years- 
plus into the process—we make this plea for former FBI agent Bob Levinson. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, spring in Washington, DC, is one of the most beautiful times of the year, as it is in Connecticut and around the country. We have endured a tough win-ter in the Northeast—a lot of snow and a lot of cold. And now a lot of potholes are all around the country. Spring means potholes, which are endemic not only to the Northeast but to our roads all around America. Potholes are just 
the latest reminder of infrastructure challenges facing our Nation. That is one reason why this week is, in fact, Infrastructure Week, a time when we should be focusing on rail and roads, the decaying and aging infrastructure that bedevils and hobbles our Nation as we seek to compete globally. And our businesses in Connecticut seek to com-pete nationally as well as globally. 
This time of year is also the begin-
ning of the construction season, espe-cially in the colder regions of the coun-try, such as the Northeast and Iowa, Nebraska, and the Midwest. 
In Connecticut, construction workers 
are ready to go, ready to take advan-tage of this chance to address our aging and decaying transportation as-sets. 
I know that trade is on our agenda 
this week. I urge and implore that trade be set aside, that the trade bill be delayed—not forever, by any means. As the leader of our caucus has urged—our leader H
ARRY REIDhas implored that 
we focus on infrastructure. We face a deadline. May marks the last month of MAP–21, the law governing surface transportation funding. On May 31— just 20 days from now—the authoriza-tion governing our highway trust fund will expire. That is right. There is a highway cliff that we are just days away from going over. This Nation will go over that cliff unless we act, and now is the moment. Now is the time. Now is our opportunity, and it is an op-portunity that will not excuse us from acting. 
The bill covers more than just fund-
ing. It is crucial to keeping our road-ways safe. Now, 2014 was a record year for auto recalls, auto problems, and issues. So part of what needs to be done in addressing the expiration of MAP–21 is to make safety a priority. But it cannot be achieved if we don’t address the fundamental challenges of our aging infrastructure. 
Fundamental reforms are needed at 
the NHTSA and other safety watchdogs to make sure our constituents are safe. So one would think now would be the time to discuss legislation that would fix our streets and stop potholes from imperiling our drivers and put con-struction workers back on the job, pro-viding a lifeline to nearly 2 million Americans who have jobs directly tied to the transportation sector. 
One would think we would want to 
cut down on our unemployment. In the construction sector, joblessness re-mains at a 10-percent level. You would think that now is the time to be ad-vancing a multiyear, long-term bill that will provide certainty to States and municipalities so they can finalize planning for long-term projects. You would think that now is the time to take a hard look at our safety over-sight agencies—NHTSA, the FRA, the Federal Highway Administration—and to make reforms and increase the tools that they have in fines and penalties they can exact to protect all who rely on our transportation network. Unfortunately, the approach of this 
Congress is going to be, as engineers say, patch and pray. Patch the pot-holes, patch the roads, patch the rail-roads—even when the tracks are cracked, even when ballasts are failing. Patch the bridges. Patch and pray. We are about to become a nation of patch and pray when it comes to decaying, deficient roads, bridges, railroads, and all the vital nuts and bolts, literally, that transport our Nation. 
How ironic it is at this moment— 
when it is spring, when the construc-tion industry is about to rely on the opportunities it has to put people back to work, and when many of us in this Chamber and others at school com-mencements will be talking about the big ideas, the big challenges, the big dreams and hopes that our graduates have for the future—that we are think-ing small. We are thinking about patching—patching our highway tran-sit fund for months, maybe until the end of the year. A nation that patches and prays cannot be exceptional, can-not be a great nation when it comes to shortchanging investments in the vital facilities, in the nuts and bolts, in the roads and bridges that make it a na-tional competitor. 
This kind of short-term extension of 
a highway and transit system fails to match the challenges that our Nation faces. We spend less and invest less as a percentage of our gross domestic product than many other industrialized nations. Europe and China spend far more as a percentage of their gross do-mestic product than we do. 
So I call on the leadership, my good 
friends and colleagues on the other side of the aisle, to make infrastructure our priority for this week, as it should be for this decade. Within this decade, ac-cording to some projections, one in four of our bridges will be 65 years or older, making them even more prone to decay and disrepair. 
The consequences are real and costly. 
Bridges collapse, such as the 50-year old Skagit River Bridge in Washington. The bridge collapsed sending cars into the river below. That wasn’t a remote bridge. It was over Interstate 5, a major artery on the west coast. Of course, we all remember the 2007 bridge collapse in Minneapolis. We remember the Mianus River Bridge collapse in Connecticut, the Bridgeport derail-ment due to decaying and cracking tracks that were improperly repaired. We remember where lives were lost be-cause of a derailment and the failure to invest in train communication and sig-naling that could have prevented that tragedy. We remember the railroad grade crossings where insufficient in-vestment in modern technology causes deaths all around the country—hun-dreds of them every year—not to men-tion billions of dollars due to these col-lisions, derailments, crashes on the roads, costing lives and imperiling our Nation’s future. 
A short-term patch robs our States 
and municipalities of the certainty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11MY6.020 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2748 May 11, 2015 
they need to contract what is essential 
to construction at the lowest possible cost in the most efficient way. The cer-tainty and reliability in funding are es-sential to our municipalities, knowing what their resources will be not just this year but into the future and driv-ing the bargaining with contractors and subcontractors. 
It is not just because of our rebuild-
ing needs that we need this invest-ment. There are also many other sig-nificant related issues that we must address to keep our roads and bridges safe and reliable. We need to ensure that trucks on the road aren’t too big, that truck drivers have enough rest, that our railroads are properly over-seen, that constant train control is im-plemented, that testing for physical and emotional problems is done regu-larly and reliably. And the long list of NTSB regulations needs to be finally addressed and implemented. 
We are in a time when we are talking 
to young men and women as they grad-uate from school about those big ideas and about their futures and dreams, when we invoke what is best and brightest about America, our foresight, our strength, our courage to take risks, to invest in ourselves and our future. It is the same spirit that led to the build-ing of the Erie Canal, the trans-continental railroad, and the interstate highway system. Those initiatives were not partisan initiatives. The greatest generation came back from World War II and built the interstate highways under the leadership of President Dwight Eisenhower. He was committed to making America one Nation in its roads, tying us and binding us together as a Nation through that investment. He had the courage—as we should today—to say that what is great about America is what we give back, what we are willing to invest—not only for today, but for tomorrow. 
And we are in danger today in this 
Chamber, in this Nation, of being one of the first generations that left a less-er America for our children. Think of it—a lesser America at a time when the words ‘‘exceptional’’ and ‘‘exceptionalism’’ trip off the tongues of many of our colleagues here in the Chamber. We need to match that rhet-oric with real action. 
So today, let us resolve that we will 
debate and act on a long-term invest-ment program to make sure that our roads and bridges, our railroads and airports, and the ports that could make our Nation the envy of the world are matching our rhetoric and our goals; that they truly make us competitive for businesses in Connecticut and around the Nation, competitive on the global scene, where competition has never been tougher and where our in-frastructure needs to be better. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WASTEFUL SPENDING 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I am 
back on the floor again for ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ No. 10. As my colleagues know, I have been coming down every week talking about waste, fraud, and abuse, ways we can save taxpayer dol-lars. While we have not been able to ad-dress, unfortunately, tragically, the larger issue of the plunge into deficit spending and debt that our Nation has incurred over the past several years, in particular—every effort, every bipar-tisan effort, has been thwarted by the President’s refusal to engage in that, and yet the debt clock keeps on tick-ing. We keep spending more money than we take in. We keep putting more and more of a burden on future genera-tions as well as our own. 
Our economy is not growing. One of 
the reasons is that we have not achieved fiscal responsibility in the Congress. So while we have not been able to address the larger issue, we can at least address some of those issues that have been documented as waste, fraud, and abuse, documented by non-partisan agencies that are established for the sole purpose of weeding out some of the excess spending that is not essential to the functioning of govern-ment. 
We have put up some pretty inter-
esting numbers relative to what we have achieved. We are already over $50 billion of spending that has been docu-mented as totally unnecessary. Some of it has been of the character of some-what ridiculous. Some has been very, very substantial. We are going to con-tinue to do this, pointing out to the American taxpayer and pointing out to government officials who run these agencies and make these decisions that we simply cannot afford to keep doing this. 
So today’s waste of the week will be 
addressed, hopefully by the Appropria-tions Committee, which will soon be working now that we have passed a budget, to distribute those funds that are necessary for the functioning of government. 
I am urging them to use a system 
and means of identifying what is essen-tial and what is not essential. Now, there may be some things we would like to do but cannot afford to do. They need to be put on hold until we can do them. But there are a lot of issues and a lot of spending that goes on that should not be done in the first place. 
Significant savings can be made. 
Even though it is much smaller than what we need to do, we certainly can address issues that will save taxpayer dollars and better allocate spending for government. When our previous Gov-ernor in Indiana, Mitch Daniels, took over, he brought with him a resume as former Director of the Office of Man-
agement and Budget. Then-President George W. Bush gave him the name ‘‘The Blade.’’ ‘‘The Blade’’ looked at every small, little detail of spending and asked a lot of questions: Why are we doing this? How can we save? How can we make government more effi-cient? There are essential things gov-ernment has to do. But when he be-came Governor, he transferred over 
some of that knowledge and expertise and started doing some simple things, asking some simple questions: Why are we spending money on this? Why are we spending money on that? 
Let me give you just a couple of ex-
amples. He gathered some of his staff and said: I want you to go out and put pennies on the tires of our State-owned vehicles wherever they are housed. Wherever they are parked, put pennies on them. He waited several months then said: Now, go back and identify all of those vehicles where the pennies are still on the tire. In other words, they had not been moved. They had not even been shifted to another parking spot. They simply were just sitting there. 
Well, interestingly enough, he found 
that many unused State vehicles still had the pennies on their tires. If they had been sitting there for months and nobody was using them, why are we paying for them? Why are we spending money on purchasing these? Let’s sell them off, save some money for the State. They obviously are not nec-essary. It was one-third of the State’s fleet of vehicles. 
Another thing he did, he said: Let’s 
look at our printing costs. The State had its own printing operation. He said: Let’s shop around and see if the private sector can do this more effec-tively and efficiently. Of course, they did find a private vendor in Indiana that did it much more effectively. 
You save a lot of money just going 
black and white, maybe not quite as pretty, maybe not quite as attractive as color, but another way to save money. 
These are small things, but when you 
total them up for all the agencies that are in Washington—as was determined by the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform—it adds up to a lot of money. This government is more vast than anyone can possibly imagine. 
Well, the Commission found that 
Federal agencies could save at least $10 billion over 10 years by cutting out waste in federal travel, printing and vehicle expenses. So here again is a waste of the week that we are going to add to our ever-increasing gauge of the waste. All this now in red, these are what we have been adding, the 10 items that we have added. We are approach-ing now, looks like $60 billion, on our way to $100 billion. I think we will probably be having to add extensions to this because, folks, I mean, there is waste out there, there is fraud out there, there is abuse out there like you would not believe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11MY6.022 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2749 May 11, 2015 
Should we be dealing with the larger 
question, the runaway entitlements, the lack of money to adequately fund NIH or scientific research or education but we cannot because our budget is to-tally out of control? Should we be doing this? Absolutely. That is what we are here for. We have talked about this for the last 5 years since I have been back here. Despite the many al-ternatives that have been presented to the White House, every one has been rejected. 
So at least let’s do those things 
where we have more control through the appropriations process and better manage government, make it more ef-ficient and make it more effective. That is why we point out these and we will continue to point out these in the ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ No. 10. I cannot wait to get down here next week and do No. 11. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is now closed. 
f 
STATING THE POLICY OF THE 
UNITED STATES REGARDING THE RELEASE OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS IN IRAN 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of S. Con. Res. 16, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 16) 
stating the policy of the United States re-garding the release of United States citizens in Iran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form prior to a vote on adop-tion of S. Con. Res. 16. 
The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I first 
want to thank Senator R
ISCH for his 
tireless dedication to the plight of the three American citizens unjustifiably detained in Iran, as well as his efforts to call upon the Iranian Government to cooperate in locating Robert Living-ston, a missing fourth American, and also returning him to his family. 
I also want to thank my colleagues 
from the States these Americans are from—Senators F
EINSTEIN and B OXER  
from California, Senators S TABENOW  
and P ETERS from Michigan, Senators 
NELSON and R UBIO from Florida, and Senators C RAPO and R ISCH from 
Idaho—for their efforts in working with the families of these American citizens who have been held too long in Iran. 
I call upon the government of Iran to 
do the right thing—do the right thing and immediately release these citizens and send them home to their families and communities as soon as possible. The resolution has a statement of pol-icy that is absolutely unobjectionable in any way. 
Let me point out one last thing, if I 
might. As the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I want to reassure the families of these Americans that I will continue to urge the U.S. Government to use every tool at its disposal to secure the release of these Americans, and I will continue to call upon the Iranian Government to immediately and unconditionally re-lease these men and send them home to their families. 
I am very pleased we will soon be 
voting on this resolution, which un-equivocally says that America should use all the tools at its disposal for the return of these Americans. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that during the quorum call, the time be equally di-vided between the majority and the mi-nority. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CARDIN. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
commend Senator R
ISCH, and I am 
pleased to be a cosponsor of this resolu-tion, which is incredibly important to people in Michigan as well as across the country. 
We have a very special man who un-
fortunately is being held as a hostage in Iran, and he needs to come home now. I have had the honor of getting to know the family of Amir Hekmati. He is a patriotic American from Flint, MI, who served his country honorably and bravely as a marine between 2001 to 2005 in Iraq and Afghanistan. He is an American citizen but also became a dual citizen with Iran in order to be able to visit his grandmother and other family members in Iran. 
In August 2011, he was visiting his 
grandmother and was arrested by the Iranian authorities and charged with 
spying for the CIA, which was abso-lutely false, absolutely trumped-up charges. He was then deprived of a fair trial and jailed on those totally trumped-up charges. 
Of those Americans confirmed as 
prisoners in Iran, none have been incar-cerated longer than Amir Hekmati. He has been waiting the longest to come home. He has been tortured and is locked inside a prison notorious for its deplorable conditions. Meanwhile, Amir’s father is battling terminal brain cancer. 
I was very honored to have the oppor-
tunity to spend time with his family— his mom and dad, his sister and two brothers—who are passionately en-gaged in speaking out, coming to Washington, meeting with the State Department, and making sure we are laser-focused on their brother and their son. My heart went out to them. 
Think about all of us who have chil-
dren. Speaking to his mom and dad, it is frightening, it is deplorable, it is outrageous, and he needs to come home—now. 
I can’t say enough about the love and 
devotion of the Hekmati family. I have had a number of different opportunities to meet with them. Amir’s sister and brother have frequently been here in Washington making sure we are not forgetting about this brave marine. They have fought so hard for his free-dom. 
I also commend Congressman D
AN 
KILDEE , who represents the Hekmati 
family in Flint, MI, for being a great partner and such a strong advocate and a strong voice on behalf of Amir and his family. 
This resolution is a clear message to 
the Iranian Government: If you want a seat at the table with the rest of the international community, free Amir Hekmati now, as well as all the other U.S. citizens who are being held as hos-tages. 
Our thoughts and prayers go out to 
all of their families. I can tell this body that for us, in Michigan, we are laser-focused on making sure that Amir Hekmati’s name is lifted up at every opportunity and that it is very clear that this brave, courageous ma-rine who served our country so well has the full support of our government to bring him home immediately. 
I congratulate and thank my col-
league. 
I am proud to be one of the cospon-
sors on this resolution. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I thank 
Senator S
TABENOW for her work on this 
resolution and for her actions on behalf of her constituent who is being held in Iran. She has been extremely helpful in bringing this resolution forward. 
I see Senator R
ISCH on the floor. I 
want to state one last time that be-cause of Senator R
ISCH, we are on the 
floor tonight with a vote in the full 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11MY6.023 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2750 May 11, 2015 
Senate. I thank him for his tenacity 
and persistence on bringing this resolu-tion forward so we can focus this on the four Americans being held by Iran and our desire to get them home as soon as possible and use every tool we have at our disposal on behalf of those Americans. 
Mr. President, I thank Senator R
ISCH 
for his leadership. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, in 
addition to thanking Senator R ISCH for 
his tenacity and making sure we are at this point with this resolution, I must also go back to our vote last week and the incredible work of our two col-leagues in a bipartisan way, as we saw Senator C
ORKER and Senator C ARDIN  
come together and lead us forward with a very thoughtful piece of legislation that makes clear the role of the Senate in a very important process right now in negotiations. 
I thank Senator C
ARDIN as the rank-
ing member of the Foreign Relations Committee for his leadership. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Idaho. 
Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to add Senators P
ORTMAN , R OBERTS , K IRK, B OOZMAN , 
SASSE, and R OUNDS as cosponsors to S. 
Con. Res. 16. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, I thank 
my colleagues for those kind words. I think ‘‘tenacity’’ is probably an appro-priate description. I would like to have had a little more tenaciousness if it would have resulted in better and stronger language than we have. None-theless, we have what we have. 
I congratulate Senator C
ARDIN and 
Senator C ORKER for their hard work on 
the resolution that passed here last week, which went out of here with only one dissenting vote. It was a difficult process, to say the least. Obviously, it didn’t rise to the level that a lot of us wanted to see where this—it could have and should have been handled like a treaty. Indeed, it is a treaty. No mat-ter what else we call it, it is a treaty. Nonetheless, we are where we are. We are better off with these things than without. We are going to wait to see how this plays out as the summer unfolds. We have an important June 30 date. Once an agreement is reached, then, of course, we will be on the floor talking and discussing the appropriate-ness of the agreement. 
There are a lot of us who have been 
critical of how this started and, for that matter, where we are today. In my judgment, this shouldn’t have even started. They shouldn’t have even sat down at the table until these people were released and/or accounted for. Nonetheless, we are where we are. 
There are four people we are talking 
about in this resolution. Senator S
TA-
BENOW already referred to one and gave 
an excellent description of where we are with that individual. Next, I will talk about the gentleman 
from California who is also being held. His name is Jason Rezaian. He has been held on unspecified charges since July 2014, denied access to an attorney in violation of Iran’s own laws and inter-national norms, for that matter. 
Robert Levinson of Florida is a re-
tired FBI agent who was pursuing an investigation in Iran. He was abducted off Kish Island, off the coast of Iran, in March 2007. His whereabouts are un-known. The Iranian Government has repeatedly said they are not holding Levinson, but certainly they should cut loose the information they have, and this resolution requires them to do so. 
Lastly, I want to talk about Saeed 
Abedini. Pastor Abedini is a con-stituent of mine from Idaho. He is an ordained Christian minister. He has family in Iran. At the time he was ar-rested, he was in Iran visiting family and in the process of setting up and running an orphanage. He is detained at the present time in Evin Prison, which is considered one of the worst prisons in Iran. He has been held in sol-itary confinement, physically beaten, denied access to necessary medical treatment as a result of abuse, and was denied access to his lawyer until just before trial. 
He had a trial. He was convicted and 
sentenced to 8 years. And his offense— his offense—was being Christian and pursuing Christianity in a country where this is not permitted. I think it is shocking to most Americans that this could happen in today’s age. This is barbarous conduct by a regime that knows no shame. This man should be released from prison and should be re-leased forthwith. He has done abso-lutely nothing that is a threat to the Iranian people or, in fact, to the Ira-nian regime—those are two different things we are talking about here. He has done nothing to be a threat to those people, and he should be released. 
Iran thinks it elevates its position in 
the world because it does these kinds of things. It does not. Certainly it shows toughness but a barbarian type of toughness that the world is not im-pressed with at all. 
This is a country which pushes the 
envelope whenever it can. This country is at the heart of virtually every prob-lem we have in that part of the world. Most importantly, it is one of if not the most prominent promoters of ter-rorism in the world. Some time ago, this was thought of as a good thing by some of these nations that do not rise to what they should be on the world stage as an important nation. Ter-rorism was thought of as a way that things could be done. 
In recent years, most every country 
has had it with terrorism. It is no longer something people look at and say, well, yes, there is terrorism, but you need to understand the root causes. That is gone. That is absolutely gone. The other countries in this re-gion have had it with terrorism. Every-one in the region now is going to feel 
that as we go forward. 
There is hope for Iran. The demo-
graphics in that country show there is a real disconnect between the people of that country and the regime that oper-ates that country. Most notably, as a downside for the present regime, is that the demographics show that the vast majority of people who are living in Iran are young people. They have a different view of the world than the re-gime does. They are a secular people who do not want to be ruled by reli-gious fanatics, which is what they have today. In any event, the world is watching how this is going to unfold. 
Now, we have a clear expression—and 
Senator C
ARDIN made mention of this. 
We ran this as a separate document, not as part of the resolution we passed last week. This is a separate document, where we are going to have a clear ex-pression of the nature and the view of what the world thinks of this and the view that the U.S. Senate and the U.S. Congress takes of the conduct that Iran is engaged in. It is a separate view, and I believe it will be very help-ful to the notion that this regime in Iran cannot—cannot—continue down the road it is going down. The Iran re-gime purports to represent its people. What it is doing is not helpful to the Iranian people. 
I yield the floor. Mr. President, I will yield back all 
remaining time, with the consent of my colleague from Maryland. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The question occurs on agreeing to S. 
Con. Res. 16. 
Mr. CARDIN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), the 
Senator from Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ), 
the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ), and the Senator from Lou-
isiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B OOKER ), 
the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S AND-
ERS), and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. 
WYDEN ) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 90, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 175 Leg.] 
YEAS—90 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal 
Blunt Boozman Boxer Brown Burr 
Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11MY6.026 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2751 May 11, 2015 
Casey 
Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller 
Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul 
Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker 
NOT VOTING—10 
Booker Cruz Graham Kirk Rubio 
Sanders Sullivan Thune Vitter 
Wyden 
The concurrent resolution (S. Con. 
Res. 16) was agreed to, as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 16 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. STATEMENT OF POLICY ON RELEASE 
OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS IN IRAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Saeed Abedini of Idaho is a Christian 
pastor unjustly detained in Iran since 2012 and sentenced to eight years in prison on charges related to his religious beliefs. 
(2) Amir Hekmati of Michigan is a former 
United States Marine unjustly detained in 2011 while visiting his Iranian relatives and sentenced to 10 years in prison for espionage. 
(3) Jason Rezaian of California is a Wash-
ington Post journalist credentialed by the Government of Iran. He was unjustly de-tained in 2014 and has been held without a trial. 
(4) Robert Levinson of Florida is a former 
Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) offi-cial who disappeared in 2007 in Iran. He is the longest held United States citizen in United States history. 
(b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy 
of the United States that— 
(1) the Government of the Islamic Republic 
of Iran should immediately release Saeed Abedini, Amir Hekmati, and Jason Rezaian, and cooperate with the United States Gov-ernment to locate and return Robert Levinson; and 
(2) the United States Government should 
undertake every effort using every diplo-matic tool at its disposal to secure their im-mediate release. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, section 
215 of the USA PATRIOT Act expires in a matter of weeks. Senator L
EEand I 
have a bipartisan bill, the USA FREE-DOM Act, that would end the use of 
section 215 to authorize the bulk col-lection of Americans’ phone records and replace it with a more targeted program. It also would enact other im-portant reforms to bring more account-ability and transparency to govern-ment surveillance. The Speaker of the House of Representatives is bringing that same bill for a vote in the House on Wednesday. 
Last week, some opponents came to 
the floor to voice their opposition. They claimed that ending this bulk collection program would somehow put our national security at risk and that a bulk collection program like this could somehow have prevented the Sep-tember 11 attacks. But the facts are not on their side. According to the headline of a recent National Journal story, these opponents of reform have made ‘‘dubious claims in defense of NSA surveillance.’’ 
I agree these claims are dubious, and 
I want to set the record straight. I ask unanimous consent that the National Journal story dated May 8, 2015, and an analysis by the Center for Democracy and Technology of similar claims be printed in the R
ECORD . 
One Senator stated on the Senate 
floor last week, ‘‘If this program had existed before 9/11, it is quite possible we would have known that 9/11 hijacker Khalid Al Mihdhar was living in San Diego and was making phone calls to an Al Qaeda safe house in Yemen.’’ 
Another seemed to suggest that the 
bulk collection program would ‘‘have prevented 9/11.’’ 
When I was chairman in the last Con-
gress, the Senate Judiciary Committee held six hearings to examine revela-tions about government surveillance activities. At one of those hearings, I asked former counterterrorism official Richard Clarke, who was working in the Bush administration on September 11, whether the NSA bulk collection program would have prevented those attacks. He testified that the govern-ment had the information it needed to prevent the attacks but failed to prop-erly share that information among Federal agencies. 
Senator Bob Graham, who inves-
tigated the September 11th attacks as head of the Senate Intelligence Com-mittee, likewise has said that ‘‘there were plenty of opportunities without having to rely on this metadata system for the FBI and intelligence agencies to have located Mihdhar.’’ 
The other claim that has been made 
repeatedly over the past few days is that, as one Senator put it, the bulk collection of Americans’ phone records is ‘‘very effective at keeping America safe.’’ Another stated that the USA FREEDOM Act would ‘‘eliminate the essential intelligence this program col-lects.’’ 
But numerous national security ex-
perts also have concluded that the NSA’s bulk collection program is not essential to national security. The President’s Review Group on Intel-ligence and Communications Tech-
nology, which included two former na-tional security officials, stated: 
The information contributed to terrorist 
investigations by the use of section 215 te-lephony metadata was not essential to pre-venting attacks and could readily have been obtained in a timely manner using conven-tional section 215 orders. 
Former Acting CIA Director Michael 
Morell testified to the Senate Judici-ary Committee that the review group’s recommendation to end the govern-ment’s collection of that data and in-stead allow the government to search phone records held by the tele-communications providers would not add a substantial burden to the govern-ment. That is precisely the approach of our bipartisan USA FREEDOM Act. 
Last year, the Director of National 
Intelligence and the Attorney General supported a prior version of the USA FREEDOM Act, which also ended bulk collection under section 215 and re-placed it with a more targeted phone records program. The Attorney General and the Director of National Intel-ligence said that our bill ‘‘preserve[d] essential Intelligence Community ca-pabilities.’’ 
These individuals are not newcomers 
to the issue of national security. They understand the threats to our Nation. They do not have a political motive. They have the best interests of our Na-tion and its values in mind when they tell us that we can end the dragnet col-lection of innocent Americans’ phone records and keep our country safe. 
The USA FREEDOM Act does not 
just end NSA’s bulk collection program under section 215. It also fills other gaps in our intelligence capabilities. It ensures that the government can quickly obtain business records—in-cluding phone records—in emergency situations. It ensures that if a foreign terrorist who poses a serious threat comes into the United States, the gov-ernment does not have to stop its sur-veillance while it seeks emergency wiretap authorization from the Attor-ney General. It ensures that the gov-ernment need not terminate FISA sur-veillance on a foreigner who tempo-rarily travels outside the United States. And it ensures that the FBI has the tools it needs to investigate indi-viduals who are facilitating the inter-national proliferation of weapons of mass destruction on behalf of a foreign government or terrorist organization. These provisions were requested by the FBI and by the House Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence. They were not part of the bill that was fili-bustered in the Senate in November. 
As a final matter, it is notable that 
there has been not a single Senate committee hearing on surveillance re-form or the expiring provisions in the 5 months of this new Congress under Re-publican leadership. There has been zero committee consideration on the bill that Senator M
CCONNELL has now 
brought directly to the Senate cal-endar that would simply extend these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11MY6.016 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2752 May 11, 2015 
expiring provisions. I recall the prom-
ises that under new leadership the committees would work through reg-ular order, but that has not occurred even though it was apparent to all last year that we would need to grapple with long-overdue reforms. This lack of leadership or any committee process is also despite the fact that the leader and chairmen of the relevant commit-tees would not even let us debate the USA FREEDOM Act last year, in part because it had not gone through com-mittee. As the process moves forward this year, we should not be hearing complaints about lack of process from those who did not provide it. 
There is no question that the USA 
FREEDOM Act contains far-reaching surveillance reforms. But the most high-ranking intelligence officials in the country have endorsed its approach because it is a responsible bill. It pro-tects Americans’ privacy and keeps them safe. The Senate should take up the bill once the House passes it this week. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From National Journal, May 8, 2015] 
REPUBLICANS MAKEDUBIOUS CLAIMS IN  
DEFENSE OF NSA S URVEILLANCE  
MITCH MCCONNELL AND HIS COHORT OF SECU -
RITY HAWKS ARE STOPPING AT NOTHING TO  
RENEW THE SPY AGENCY ’S PHONE DRAGNET . 
BUT HOW FAIR IS THEIR DEFENSE ? 
(By Dustin Volz) 
One by one, several powerful Republican 
senators took to the floor Thursday morning to offer one of the most full-throated de-fenses of the National Security Agency’s bulk collection of billions of U.S. phone records since Edward Snowden exposed the program nearly two years ago. 
The crux of their argument is unmistak-
able: The NSA’s expansive surveillance pow-ers need to remain intact and unchanged to keep Americans safe from potential terrorist threats—and if these powers existed before Sept. 11, 2001, they may have assisted in pre-venting the attacks on the World Trade Cen-ter and the Pentagon. 
But some of the talking points used by 
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and his allies appear to rely heavily on asser-tions that are either dubious in their verac-ity or elide important contextual details. 
Here is a review of some of their declara-
tions: 
Claim: ‘‘Not only have these tools kept us 
safe, there has not been a single incident, not one, of intentional abuse of them.’’— McConnell 
McConnell may have been referring specifi-
cally to the phone records program here, but the NSA does not, as he implies, have a spot-less record. 
According to a 2013 inspector general re-
port, NSA analysts intentionally misused foreign surveillance authorities at least a dozen times in the past decade, sometimes for the purpose of spying on their romantic interests. So-called ‘‘loveint’’—short for ‘‘love intelligence’’—was revealed by the in-spector general in response to a letter sent from Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley, who this year renewed a call for the Justice De-partment to provide an update on how it was handling its investigation into the alleged willful abuses and to ‘‘appropriate account-ability for those few who violate the trust placed in them.’’ Additionally, a 2012 internal audit obtained 
by The Washington Post found that the NSA has violated privacy restrictions set in place for its surveillance programs thousands of times each year since 2008. The audit found that most—though not all—infractions were unintended. 
Claim: ‘‘The compromise legislation rolls 
us back to the same thing we were doing pre– 9/11.’’—Senate Intelligence Chairman Rich-ard Burr 
The USA Freedom Act referenced by Burr 
would reauthorize three key surveillance provisions under the post–9/11 Patriot Act. It would usher in several reforms related to transparency and oversight, but it would keep those authorities intact. Section 215 of the law would no longer allow for the bulk collection of U.S. phone metadata by the NSA, but the authority—created after 9/11— would still exist. 
Claim: ‘‘The alternatives to the current 
program would not come close to offering the capabilities that now enable us to pro-tect Americans.’’—Sen. Tom Cotton 
Cotton’s claim does not align with the 
stance of Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and then-Attorney General Eric Holder, who sent a letter to lawmakers last year expressing their support for an ear-lier iteration of the Freedom Act. ‘‘The in-telligence community believes that your bill preserves essential intelligence-community capabilities; and the Department of Justice and the Office of the Director of National In-telligence support your bill and believe that it is a reasonable compromise that enhances privacy and civil liberties and increases transparency,’’ the letter read. That version of the Freedom Act is widely considered more limiting of surveillance powers than the one being debated in Congress this year. 
Claim: ‘‘One alternative offered by oppo-
nents of this program is to have phone com-panies retain control of all call data and pro-vide the NSA only the data responsive to searches phone companies would run on the NSA’s behalf. This is not technologically fea-sible.’’—Cotton 
The reliance on phone companies to retain 
call data already occurs, as they are the ones who turn the records over to the government in bulk. Cotton, who voted for a pared down iteration of the Freedom Act last year when he served in the House, cites an 85-page study from the National Research Council to support this assertion. But the Arkansas freshman appears to be conflating its find-ings, which dealt with whether software could fully replace bulk collection, with what backers of the Freedom Act are at-tempting to do. ‘‘Although no software can fully replace bulk with targeted information collection, software can be developed to more effectively target collection and to control the usage of collected data,’’ the re-port concluded. Cotton’s reservations—that the new system may take longer than the old—have more to do with process than tech-nological capabilities. 
Claim: ‘‘Here’s the truth. If this program 
had existed before 9/11, it is quite possible that we would have known that the 9/11 hi-jacker Khalid al-Mihdhar was living in San Diego and making phone calls to an al-Qaida safehouse in Yemen. There’s no guarantee we would have known. Theres no way we can go back in time and prove it, but there is a probability that we would have known and there’s a probability that American lives could have been saved.’’—Sen. Marco Rubio. 
Rubio hedges his language several times 
with this claim, but the statement still omits important context. As reported by a 2013 ProPublica investigation, ‘‘U.S. intel-ligence agencies knew the identity of the hi-jacker in question, Saudi national Khalid al- Mihdhar, long before 9/11 and had the ability find him, but they failed to do so.’’ Such 
missed opportunities to disrupt Midhar’s ac-tivities, which were being monitored by at least as early as 1999, reflect a failure of in-formation sharing among intelligence agen-cies, ProPublica notes, and are described in detail in the 9/11 Commission report. 
SENATORS ’ QUESTIONABLE CLAIMS ABOUT NSA 
BULKCOLLECTION  
CENTER FOR DEMOCRACY & TECHNOLOGY  
On May 7th, 2015, the Second Circuit issued 
a ruling that declared the NSA’s bulk collec-tion of Americans’ phone records was clearly unlawful under the Section 215 of the PA-TRIOT Act. The ruling provided another boost to supporters of surveillance reform and the backers of the USA FREEDOM Act. Hours after the ruling came down, several U.S. Senators—Mitch McConnell, Richard Burr, Tom Cotton, Jeff Sessions, and Marco Rubio—took to the Senate Floor to force-fully defend the NSA’s bulk collection pro-gram. The Senators made some statements that merit a second look, and serious skep-ticism. 
Claim 1: The NSA’s bulk collection of 
Americans’ phone records is essential to na-tional security. ‘‘Under consideration in the House and proposed in the Senate is the socalled USA FREEDOM Act, which will eliminate the essential intelligence this pro-gram collects.’’—Senator Tom Cotton 
The weight of public evidence contradicts 
this claim, based on statements from experts with access to classified intelligence: 
The Attorney General and the Director of 
National Intelligence stated that the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014—which is in all ways identical to or less restrictive of surveillance than the 2014 bill—‘‘preserves essential Intel-ligence Community capabilities’’ though the bill ‘‘bans bulk collection under a variety of authorities.’’ 
The President’s Review Group noted in 2014 
that the bulk collection program yielded in-formation that was ‘‘not essential to pre-venting attacks and could readily have been obtained in a timely manner using conven-tional section 215 orders.’’ 
The Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight 
Board stated in 2014: ‘‘Based on the informa-tion provided to the Board, including classi-fied briefings and documentation, we have not identified a single instance involving a threat to the United States in which the pro-gram made a concrete difference in the out-come of a counterterrorism investigation. Moreover, we are aware of no instance in which the program directly contributed to the discovery of a previously unknown ter-rorist plot or the disruption of a terrorist at-tack.’’ 
Senators Wyden, Heinrich, and Udall said 
in 2013 ‘‘[We] have reviewed this surveillance extensively and have seen no evidence that the bulk collection of Americans’ phone records has provided any intelligence of value that could not have been gathered through less intrusive means.’’ 
It’s important not to conflate the value of 
Sec. 215 overall with the effectiveness of the use of Section 215 for bulk collection. Sec. 215 can be used for targeted—not just bulk— data collection. The USA FREEDOM Act ends nationwide bulk collection under Sec. 215, but preserves the government’s ability to use Sec. 215 for more targeted collection. What is at stake with USA FREEDOM is not Sec. 215 itself, but its continued use for bulk domestic surveillance. 
Claim 2: The bulk collection program could 
have stopped 9/11. ‘‘Here is the truth. If this program had existed before 9/11, it is quite possible we would have known that 9/11 hi-jacker Khalid Al Mihdhar was living in San Diego and was making phone calls to an Al 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11MY6.028 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2753 May 11, 2015 
Qaeda safe house in Yemen.’’—Senator 
Marco Rubio 
A bulk collection program was not nec-
essary to find Al Mihdhar prior to 9/11. As the PCLOB report details, the NSA had al-ready begun intercepting calls to and from the safe house in Yemen in the late 1990s. Since the government knew the number of the safe house, and Al Mihdhar was calling that number, it would only be necessary to collect the phone records of the safe house to discover Al Mihdhar in San Diego. This is, in fact, an example of how targeted surveil-lance would have been more effective than 
bulk collection. The 9/11 Commission Report and other sources note that the CIA was aware of Mihdhar well before the attack and missed multiple opportunities to deny him entry to the U.S. or intensify their surveil-lance of him. 
Claim 3: Bulk collection of phone records 
is the same as a subpoena. ‘‘This is the way the system works and has worked for the last 50 years—40 years at least. A crime oc-curs. A prosecutor or the DEA agent inves-tigates. They issue a subpoena to the local phone company that has these telephone toll records—the same thing you get in the mail—and they send them in response to the subpoena.’’—Senator Jeff Sessions 
The Second Circuit opinion, which held 
that the bulk collection program is unlawful, included a lengthy comparison of subpoenas and the bulk collection program. The bulk collection program encompasses a vastly larger quantity of records than could be ob-tained with a subpoena. The Second Circuit notes that subpoenas typically seek records of particular individuals or entities during particular time periods, but the government claims Sec. 215 provides authority to collect records connected to everyone—on an ‘‘ongo-ing daily basis’’—for an indefinite period ex-tending into the future. 
Claim 4: The government is only analyzing 
a few phone records. ‘‘The next time that any politician—Senator, Congressman—talk-ing head, whoever it may be, stands up and says ‘‘The U.S. Government is [. . .] going through your phone records,’’ they are lying. It is not true, except for some very isolated instances—in the hundreds—of individuals for whom there is reasonable suspicion that they could have links to terrorism.’’—Sen-ator Marco Rubio 
The NSA’s telephony bulk collection pro-
gram collects the phone records of millions of Americans with no connection to a crime or terrorism. These records are stored with the NSA and they are analyzed scores of times each year when the NSA queries the numbers’ connection to the phone numbers of suspects. Moreover, until 2014, when the NSA suspected a phone number was con-nected to terrorism, the NSA analyzed the phone records ‘‘three hops’’ out—querying those who called those who called those who called the original suspect number. As a re-sult, the PCLOB estimated, a single query could subject the full calling records of over 420,000 phone numbers to deeper scrutiny. In 2014, the President limited the query to ‘‘two hops’’—though this can still encompass the full call records of thousands of phone num-bers. The USA FREEDOM Act (Sec. 101) would authorize the government to obtain ‘‘two hops’’ worth of call records from telecom companies. 
Claim 5: The USA FREEDOM Act threat-
ens privacy by leaving phone records with telecom companies. ‘‘[T]he opponents of America’s counterterror programs would rather trust telecommunication companies to hold this data and search it on behalf of our government. [. . .] In addition to making us less safe, the USA FREEDOM Act would make our privacy less secure.’’—Senator Mitch McConnell The telecom companies already have the 
phone records since the records are created in the normal course of their business. The USA FREEDOM Act does not shift control of data from NSA to telecoms; the bill limits the volume of what the government can col-lect from companies with a single 215 order. Keeping the records with the phone compa-nies, as the USA FREEDOM Act would re-quire, does not create a new privacy intru-sion, or, according to the public record, pose new security risks. In contrast, it is highly intrusive for the government to demand companies provide a copy of the communica-tion records of millions of Americans on a daily basis to a secretive military intel-ligence agency for data mining. 
One last important point: The discussion 
on the Senate Floor centered exclusively on the bulk collection of phone records. How-ever, the debate and the legislation before Congress are not just about one telephony metadata program. The debate is over whether the government should have the au-thority to collect a variety of records in bulk under the PATRIOT Act. The government has claimed that its bulk collection author-ity extends to any type of record that can re-veal hidden relationships among individ-uals—which could include phone call, email, cell phone location, and financial trans-action records. Framing the issue in terms of phone records makes the problem seem much smaller than it is, especially as our society moves into a technology-enabled future where each individual will create much more metadata and digital records than the present. The stakes are high. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President. Due to a 
commitment in my state, I was unable to be here for the votes on the Iran Nu-clear Agreement Review Act. Had I been present, I would have voted in support of this bill. 
f 
HONORING THOSE WHO HAVE 
GIVEN THE ULTIMATE SAC-RIFICE SERVING IN U.S. CUS-TOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, the mis-
sion of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, CBP, is broad and diverse. The more than 60,000 men and women of CBP protect our borders at and be-tween our ports of entry. They protect Americans against terrorists and the instruments of terror. They enforce our laws and help boost our economic secu-rity and prosperity by facilitating trade and travel. While the roles they play each day may differ, the men and women of CBP share one common goal: to keep our country a safe, secure, and resilient place where the American way of life can thrive. They provide selfless service to our country, and they do so with honor and distinction under an ever-present and evolving threat. 
Today I wish to pay tribute to the 
agents and officers who have given the ultimate sacrifice in the service of our Nation. All told, 33 courageous men and women of CBP have died in the line of duty since the agency’s inception in 2003. Today we commemorate these brave men and women, celebrate their lives, and offer their families and loved ones our continued support. They have earned the respect and appreciation of 
a grateful nation. I ask unanimous con-sent that a list of these agents and offi-cers be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
James P. Epling, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection, Yuma, Ari-zona, End of Watch: December 16, 2003; Trav-is W. Attaway, Senior Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Harlingen, Texas, End of Watch: September 19, 2004; Jer-emy M. Wilson, Senior Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Harlingen, Texas, End of Watch. September 19, 2004; George B. Debates, Senior Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Casa Grande, Arizona, End of Watch: December 19, 2004; Nicholas D. Greenig, Senior Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Tucson, Arizona, End of Watch: March 14, 2006; David N. Webb, Senior Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Ajo, Arizona, End of Watch: November 3, 2006. 
Ramon Nevarez, Jr., Border Patrol Agent, 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Lordsburg, New Mexico, End of Watch: March 15, 2007; David J. Tourscher, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, Lordsburg, New Mexico, End of Watch: March 16, 2007; Clinton B. Thrasher, Air Interdiction Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, McAllen, Texas, End of Watch: April 25, 2007; Richard Goldstein, Bor-der Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Indio, California, End of Watch: May 11, 2007; Robert F. Smith, Air Interdic-tion Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, El Paso, Texas, End of Watch: May 22, 2007; Eric N. Cabral, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Boule-vard, California, End of Watch: July 26, 2007. 
Julio E. Baray, Air Interdiction Agent, 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection, El Paso, Texas, End of Watch: September 24, 2007; Luis A. Aguilar, Border Patrol Agent, 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Yuma, Arizona, End of Watch: January 19, 2008; Jarod C. Dittman, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, San Diego, California, End of Watch: March 30, 2008; Na-thaniel A. Afolayan, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Artesia, New Mexico, End of Watch: May 1, 2009; Cruz C. McGuire, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Del Rio, Texas, End of Watch: May 21, 2009; Rob-ert W. Rosas, Jr., Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Campo, California, End of Watch: July 23, 2009. 
Mark F. Van Doren, Border Patrol Agent, 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Falfurrias, Texas, End of Watch: May 24, 2010; Charles F. Collins II, CBP Officer, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Anchorage, 
Alaska, End of Watch: August 15, 2010; Mi-chael V. Gallagher, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Casa Grande, Arizona, End of Watch: September 2, 2010; John R. Zykas, CBP Officer, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, San Diego, Cali-fornia, End of Watch: September 8, 2010; Brian A. Terry, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Naco Cochise, Arizona, End of Watch: December 15, 2010; Hector R. Clark, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Yuma, Arizona, End of Watch: May 12, 2011; Eduardo Rojas, Jr., Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Yuma, Arizona, End of Watch: May 12, 2011. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11MY6.022 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2754 May 11, 2015 
Leopoldo Cavazos, Jr., Border Patrol 
Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Fort Hancock, Texas, End of Watch: July 6, 2012; James R. Dominguez, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Cline, Texas, End of Watch: July 19, 2012; Jef-frey Ramirez, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Laredo, Texas, End of Watch: September 15, 2012; Nicholas J. Ivie, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Bisbee, Arizona, End of Watch: October 2, 2012; David R. Delaney, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, Big Bend National Park, Texas, End of Watch: November 2, 2012; Dar-rell J. Windhaus, CBP Officer, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Brownsville, Texas, End of Watch: December 29, 2013; Alexander I. Giannini, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Benson, Ari-zona, End of Watch: May 28, 2014; Tyler R. Robledo, Border Patrol Agent, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Carrizo Springs, Texas, End of Watch: September 12, 2014. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
DEREGULATION 
∑Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask to have printed in the R ECORD a 
copy of my remarks at the American Action Forum. 
The remarks follow. 
DEREGULATION  
Thank you for what the American Action 
Forum does. I’ve had a burr under my saddle for a long time about too much federal regu-lation. You always in politics have a hot but-ton. That’s my hot button. I had it when I was governor. I had it when I was university president. I had it when I was Education Sec-retary. I probably contributed to it when I was Education Secretary, so I’ve been trying ever since to do something about it. 
Overregulation is annoying. It wastes time 
and money. It interferes with prompt deci-sion making. It superimposes someone else’s judgment on what you are trying to do. It interferes with your freedom. It comes from Washington, D.C. It usually prescribes a one- size-fits-all solution that doesn’t fit the world in which you live. 
Washington, D.C., in my judgment, is pop-
ulated by too many elected officials of both political parties who think that because they take a one-hour airplane ride from their hometown that they suddenly get smarter when they get here. 
Nothing used to make me more mad as 
governor than to look up towards Wash-ington and see some member of Congress coming up with a big idea, holding a press conference, passing a law, taking credit for some great leap forward and sending the bill to me as governor. Then the next thing I know, that congressman would be home in Tennessee at the Lincoln Day Dinner or the Jackson Day Dinner giving a big speech about local control. 
So, I’ve had a burr under my saddle for a 
long time about too much federal regulation. 
I’m going to talk about two subjects this 
morning: overregulation of higher education and regulatory guidance. What connects the two? Federal government overreach. 
The case of higher education has been the 
piling up of well-intentioned regulations that strangle our 6,000 colleges and univer-sities. 
The case of regulatory guidance, is the in-
clination of our legislative bureaucrats to forget why we had an American Revolution, which was against a king. 
The agencies appear to be using guidance, 
which is free of notice and comment require-ments—that means that people don’t have 
any say about it—to put binding require-ments on American businesses and colleges and universities. 
To solve the problem, we have to have a bi-
partisan desire in Congress to weed the gar-den of bad laws and bad regulations and keep the garden clear. It’s always been very hard to pass a law in this country. It ought to be very hard also to create a new regulation. 
The good news is I believe for the first 
time in a long time there is bipartisan inter-est in weeding that garden. I’d like to tell you a little bit more about it. 
Let me begin with higher education regula-
tions. 
Sometimes it’s best to approach an issue 
with examples, so let me use three. 
More than a year ago, Vanderbilt Univer-
sity in Nashville hired the Boston Consulting Group to determine how much it costs the university to comply with federal rules and regulations on higher education. 
The answer: $150 million in a single year— 
or 11% of the university’s total non-hospital expenditures. 
Chancellor Nick Zeppos of Vanderbilt says 
this adds about $11,000 in additional tuition per year for each of the university’s 12,700 students. 
The second example: Each year, twenty million families fill out 
a complicated 108–question form called the FAFSA. 
108 questions. Now, think about this: 20 
million American families fill this out. If you want a federal grant or you want a fed-eral loan, you fill this out first and you fill it out every year. Now, you can do it online. After you’ve done it a few times, you know, it gets easier. But, several of our experts in this country that came from all different di-rections testified before our education com-mittee in Congress that we only really need-ed two questions. What’s your family in-come? And what’s the family size? That would give you 95% of what you needed to know for the government to give out the $100 billion of student loans and the $33 billion of Pell grants that it gives out every year. 
So, Senator Michael Bennet and I and Cory 
Booker and Richard Burr and Johnny Isak-son, six of us, Democrats and Republicans have a bill in to cut this FAFSA to the two- question short form. 
Now, we may not get that far, but it’ll be 
closer to this short form than the FAFSA when we get through. 
And, the President has even said he thinks 
it is a good idea. In his budget, he said that he could think of thirty or forty questions that could come off this. 
Now, these aren’t evil people who are put-
ting questions on here. They’re just well-in-tentioned people who say now, I’ve got an idea. I’d like to know this. They don’t think about the fact that 20 million people have to fill this out. 
The problem with this is a couple of obvi-
ous things. One is it wastes time and money. But the other problem is it discourages peo-ple from going to college who we’d like to have go. 
The President of Southwest Community 
College in Memphis said he thinks he loses 1,500 students each semester because of the complexity of the form. 
Tennessee has become the first state to 
make community college tuition free for qualifying students, but first every applicant must fill out that FAFSA. Now that tuition is free, the principle obstacle to a Tennessee high school senior going to community col-lege is a federal, complicated set of regula-tions. 
The third example: Ten years ago and 
again three years ago, surveys by the Na-tional Academy of Sciences—not the Repub-lican National Committee, the National 
Academy of Sciences—found that principle investigators spend 42 percent of their time associated with federal research projects on administrative tasks instead of research. 
I then asked the head of the National 
Academies what a reasonable period of time would be for a researcher to spend on admin-istrative tasks. He said, well, maybe about 10 percent. 
Now, think about how many billions we 
could save. 
We, taxpayers give NIH $30 billion a year, 
$24 billion to research and development at colleges and universities. 
The President has asked for another billion 
for NIH research. The Republican House has said let’s make it $2 billion more every year. 
But, the average annual cost of NIH re-
search projects is $480,000, and if we reduce spending on unnecessary red tape by $1 bil-lion, we could potentially fund a thousand multi-year grants. 
Twenty-four of the 30 billion dollars that 
goes to NIH goes to university-based re-search. At the moment, 42% of an investiga-tor’s time is spent on administrative tasks. 
This piling up of regulations is one of the 
greatest obstacles to innovation and cost consciousness in higher education has be-come—and the reason is us, the federal gov-ernment. 
So if all of us created the mess, then it is 
up to all of us to fix it. 
We’ve begun to do that. Here’s the good news: On the Senate edu-
cation committee, which I chair, there is a bipartisan effort to examine these regula-tions—to identify which ones are the prob-lems, and see if we can get rid of them or simplify them. 
More than a year ago, four members of the 
committee—Senator Mikulski and Senator Bennet, two Democrats, and Senator Burr and I, two Republicans—asked a group of dis-tinguished educators to examine the federal rules and regulations for colleges and univer-sities. They returned to us a document with 59 specific recommendations—requirements and areas for Congress and the Department of Education to consider—including 10 that were especially problematic. They told us that the colleges and universities were oper-ating, in their words, in a ‘‘jungle of red tape.’’ 
I had a letter from a university president 
in Missouri who said that in his forty years of being in higher education, he had never been so oppressed by regulations. 
Most of these are common-sensical things; 
for example, in our proposal to fix the stu-dent aid form, we suggest that students apply for student aid in their junior year in high school instead of their senior year. 
Now, why does that make so much dif-
ference? 
Well, one is if you know in your junior 
year, you’re going to get this much in a Pell grant and this much in a loan, you can shop around and know where you’re going. 
Right now, you don’t know the amount of 
money you’ll get until after you’re already enrolled in the school. So, that doesn’t make any sense. In addition, you’re asked in your senior year, which is the current way they do it, to report what your tax returns showed. Well, you haven’t filed your tax returns yet for that year. 
So, there are all sorts of unnecessary con-
fusion, which could be solved by just moving the application time from the senior year in high school to the junior year. 
The other area is regulatory guidance. 
Now, this is the kind of subject that usually puts people right to sleep—unless you’re a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11MY6.019 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2755 May 11, 2015 
victim of it—but we see the ugly effects of 
government overreach. 
It’s very hard to pass a law in this country 
for good reason. 
Our revolution was against a king. We 
chose to be represented by an elected Con-gress. They’re the ones who are supposed to make the laws. Our Constitution makes it pretty hard to pass a law. 
In some of our laws, Congress delegates 
some of the details of how to implement the laws to federal agencies—but it does it with specific requirements: Before those rules come out, the people who are governed have a chance to have a say. That’s called notice and comment before you have a federal regu-lation. 
Well, what’s happening today is some of 
these agencies are using something called guidance to get around that requirement, to use the guidance as a non-binding way to tell the people. It’s supposed to be a non-binding way of suggesting to people how to follow regulations that are properly in place, but what the agencies are doing is using the guidance to make new laws. 
For example, I asked the assistant sec-
retary for Civil Rights at the U.S. Depart-ment of Education last year, whether she ex-pects our more than 6,000 colleges and uni-versities to comply with her agency’s guid-ance—these are issued without any sort of notice or comment. 
She answered, ‘‘We do.’’ So her agency is writing detailed guidance 
governing 22 million students on 7,200 cam-puses and it could be some individual’s whim or idea. 
How frequent is this? The distinguished 
group of educators led by the Vanderbilt Chancellor and the University of Maryland Chancellor who recommended the 59 changes in regulations that I talked about said that 
every single work day, on average, there’s a new guidance or rule from the U.S. Depart-ment of Education to a college and univer-sity. 
So, here you are operating with federal 
grants and loans at a Catholic college out in the Midwest, and you know every single day something’s going to change from Wash-ington about what you’re doing. 
It’s very important that Congress make 
the law. It’s very important because Con-gress answers to the people. That’s the way our government ought to work. 
When Congress isn’t doing its job, the peo-
ple can throw the bums out. It is very hard for the voters to do that to an unelected bu-reaucrat, say in the Civil Rights office at the U.S. Department of Education. 
So, I’m about to begin a project with one 
of our outstanding new senators, James Lankford of Oklahoma, to examine whether agencies are abusing guidance and how to solve that problem. 
Thank you for inviting me here to speak to 
you today about this burr that’s been in my saddle for a long, long time. 
I think that what you are trying to achieve 
here today is one of the most important things we can do in Washington—because as hard as it is to pass a law, it is almost harder to end one. 
Probably the most famous comment about 
that came from Ronald Reagan who said: ‘‘No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. Government programs, once launched, never disappear. Actually, a gov-ernment bureau is the nearest thing to eter-nal life we’ll ever see on this earth!’’ 
Well, at least once or twice, I’d like to 
prove him wrong. 
Thank you very much. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING REED BARRETT 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Reed Bar-
rett for his hard work as an intern in my Cheyenne office. I recognize his ef-forts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Reed is a native of Cheyenne, WY, 
and is a graduate of Cheyenne East High School. He graduated from the University of Wyoming where he was a psychology major. He has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
I want to thank Reed for the dedica-
tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING BRIANA BLACK 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Briana Black for her hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my of-fice as well as to the State of Wyo-ming. 
Briana is a native of Casper, WY, and 
is a graduate of Kelly Walsh High School. She currently attends the Uni-versity of Wyoming where she is pur-suing a degree in international studies. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invalu-able asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great ef-forts over the last several months. 
I want to thank Briana for the dedi-
cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING BIRNEY BRAYTON 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Birney Brayton for his hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC office. I recog-nize his efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wy-oming. 
Birney is a native of Sheridan, WY, 
and is a graduate of Sheridan High School. He is a student at the Univer-sity of Wyoming where he pursuing a degree in political science. He has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
I want to thank Birney for the dedi-
cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ RECOGNIZING ERIN JARNAGIN 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Erin Jarnagin for her hard work as an in-tern in my Republican Policy Com-mittee office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Erin is a native of Green River, WY, 
and is a graduate of Green River High School. She graduated from the Uni-versity of Wyoming where she was an international studies major, and from The University of Chicago where she received her master’s degree. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. 
I want to thank Erin for the dedica-
tion she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING CATHERINE MERCER 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Catherine Mercer for her hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC offices. I recog-nize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wy-oming. 
Catherine is a native of Cheyenne, 
WY, and is a graduate of Cheyenne East High School. She currently at-tends the University of Wyoming where she is pursuing a degree in psychology. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invalu-able asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great ef-forts over the last several months. 
I want to thank Catherine for the 
dedication she has shown while work-ing for me and my staff. It was a pleas-ure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING MICKALA SCHMIDT 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Mickala Schmidt, once again, for her hard work as an intern in my Casper, WY office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Mickala is a native of Casper, WY, 
where she graduated from Natrona County High School. She attends Cas-per College where she is pursuing a de-gree in international studies and edu-cation. She has again demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11MY6.024 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2756 May 11, 2015 
I want to thank Mickala for the dedi-
cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING TIM STANTON 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Tim Stan-ton for his hard work as an intern in my Republican Policy Committee of-fice. I recognize his efforts and con-tributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Tim is a student at the Colby College 
in Waterville, ME, where he pursuing a degree in government. He has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
I want to thank Tim for the dedica-
tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING KRISTEN 
TROHKIMOINEN 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Kristen Trohkimoinen for her hard work as an intern in my Indian Affairs Committee office. I recognize her efforts and con-tributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Kristen is a native of Casper, WY, 
and is a graduate of Natrona County High School. She is a student at the University of Wyoming where she is pursuing a degree in political science and international studies. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. 
I want to thank Kristen for the dedi-
cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING DIEGO ZEPEDA 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Diego Zepeda, once again, for his hard work as an intern in my Sheridan, WY office. I recognize his efforts and contribu-tions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Diego is from Gillette, WY, and a 
graduate of Campbell County High School. He currently attends Northern Wyoming Community College where he 
is studying business management. He has again demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invalu-able asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts during his time in my office. 
I want to thank Diego for the dedica-
tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ 
f 
OBSERVING INTERNATIONAL 
MIGRATORY BIRD DAY 
∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today, I 
rise to speak in celebration of Inter-national Migratory Bird Day. Every spring, waterfowl such as canvasback ducks, northern pintails and goldeneyes, raptors such as sharp shinned hawks, broad winged hawks and kestrels, warblers, buntings, and of course orioles like Maryland’s State bird, the Baltimore oriole, return north for the summer to breed, raise hatch-lings, and brighten the United States’ wildlife spectrum during the months of spring and summer. It is an exciting time of year for birders and naturalists who enjoy witnessing the annual re-turn of these species from the tropics and who contribute billions of dollars to the outdoor recreation economy on travel and gear to support their pas-sion and interests in the very special bird species who return to the United States every year. 
In support of conserving these impor-
tant migratory bird species, in March I reintroduced legislation to reauthorize the Neotropical Migratory Bird Con-servation Act. This bill promotes inter-national cooperation for long-term conservation, education, research, monitoring, and habitat protection for more than 350 species of neotropical migratory birds, such as the Baltimore oriole. Through its successful competi-tive, matching grant program, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service supports pub-lic-private partnerships in countries mostly in Latin America and the Car-ibbean. Up to one-quarter of the funds may be awarded for domestic projects. 
More than half of the bird species 
found in the U.S. migrate across our borders, and many of these spend win-ter in Central and South America. This legislation aims to sustain healthy populations of migratory birds that are not only aesthetically beautiful but also help our farmers through con-sumption of billions of harmful insects and rodent pests each year, providing pollination services, and dispersing seeds. Migratory birds face threats from pesticide pollution, deforestation, sprawl, and invasive species that de-grade their habitats in addition to the natural risks of their extended flights. As birds are excellent indicators of an ecosystem’s health, it is troubling that—according to the National Audu-bon Society—half of all coastal migrat-ing shorebirds, like the common tern 
and piping plover, are experiencing dramatic population declines. 
The Baltimore oriole is a neotropical 
migratory bird whose song and bright orange and black plumage brightens all of the Northeastern and Midwestern United States each spring and summer. Sadly, Baltimore oriole populations have steadily declined despite legal protections under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918 and the State of Maryland’s Nongame and Endangered Species Conservation Act. Likewise, the iconic red knot, whose legendary 9,000-mile migration centers on a stop-over in the Mid-Atlantic States, is de-creasing in population quickly. Threats to these beloved Maryland birds are mainly due to habitat destruction and deforestation, particularly in Central and South America, where the birds winter. In addition, international use of toxic pesticides ingested by insects, which are then eaten by the birds, is significantly contributing to their de-cline. Conservation efforts in our coun-try is essential, but investment in pro-grams throughout the migratory route of these and hundreds of other migra-tory bird species is critical. 
The goal of International Migratory 
Bird Day is to raise awareness about the plight of these birds during this special time of year when these birds are returning to the United States, and my legislation is critical to the con-servation of these species. 
The Neotropical Migratory Bird Con-
servation Act has a proven track record of reversing habitat loss and ad-vancing conservation strategies for the broad range of neotropical birds that populate the United States and the rest of the Western hemisphere. Since 2002, more than $50.1 million in grants have been awarded, supporting 451 projects in 36 countries. Partners have contrib-uted an additional $190.6 million, and more than 3.7 million acres of habitat have been affected. In 2014, the grants totaled $3.6 million, with $12 million in matching funds across 20 countries. 
On International Migratory Bird Day 
2015, I am working with the sponsors of the bipartisan sportsmen’s package, S. 659, and the leadership of the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee to incorporate the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act into this legisla-tion as it moves through committee. While sportsmen do not hunt song-birds, the financial assistance this pro-gram provides for habitat conservation provides cobenefits for games domestic species like wild turkey, deer, pheas-ant, elk, and quail, and the inter-national investments benefit the con-servation of sandhill cranes and migra-tory waterfowl that are popular game species. The resources of this program also help conserve critical wetland habitat which is incredibly important coastal and freshwater fish species like bass, perch, and sturgeon, as well as both migratory and resident duck and geese species. Incorporation of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11MY6.007 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2757 May 11, 2015 
Neotropical Migratory Bird Conserva-
tion Act into the bipartisan sports-men’s package would add a new ele-ment of game species conservation that will help ensure the presence of impor-tant game and fish species for genera-tions of hunters and anglers and out-door enthusiasts alike. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
simple reauthorization of this cost-ef-fective, budget-friendly program that has been highly successful. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GREGORY LEACH 
∑Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President. I wish 
to commend the courageous actions of Gregory Leach, a transportation secu-rity specialist-explosives at Lihue International Airport and a resident of Hawaii. Mr. Leach helped to rescue three swimmers who were in danger of drowning. His heroism and selflessness deserve to be recognized on the Senate floor today. 
Mr. Leach moved to Hawaii from Ar-
kansas earlier this year to work as a transportation security specialist-ex-plosives at Lihue International Air-port. As a transportation security spe-cialist-explosives, he supports screen-ing operations to protect our transpor-tation system from explosive threats. 
This past March, on the beach in 
Wailua, Kauai, Mr. Leach noticed three swimmers who were struggling to re-turn to shore. He acted quickly and de-cisively, grabbing a rescue buoy and swimming out to the group. One of the swimmers was unconscious, and Mr. Leach brought the man back to shore. He returned to the water to help the remaining two swimmers, and once all the swimmers were safely on the beach, Mr. Leach conducted chest compres-sions on the unconscious man until res-cue personnel arrived. Mr. Leach’s self-less efforts ensured that two of the swimmers survived. Unfortunately, the unconscious man later passed away. 
According to Mr. Leach’s supervisor, 
lead transportation security specialist- explosives Duane Samiano: 
Transportation Security Specialist-Explo-
sives Leach did not hesitate to render aid in a life threatening situation to individuals he did not know. His actions speak greatly to his courage, selflessness and dedication to others. I am very proud to have him on my team. He is a great asset as a Transportation Security Specialist-Explosives and rep-resents himself and this agency with excel-lence. 
I commend Mr. Leach for his actions, 
and I hope that his courage serves as an example for others. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United 
States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1542. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Forest Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Paleontological Resources Preserva-tion’’ (RIN0596–AC95) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 29, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–1543. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Honey Packers and Importers Re-search, Promotion, Consumer Education and Information Order; Assessment Rate In-crease’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14–0045) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1544. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Irish Potatoes Grown in Colorado and Imported Irish Potatoes; Relaxation of the Handling Regulation for Area No. 2 and Import Regulations’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV– 13–0073; FV13–3 FR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1545. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Avocados Grown in South Florida and Imported Avocados; Change in Maturity Requirements’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14– 0051; FV14–915–1 FIR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1546. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Employee Services, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Prevailing Rate Systems; Abolishment of the Portland, ME, Appropriated Fund Federal Wage System Wage Area’’ (RIN3206–AN11) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–1547. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Subpart J—Value Added Producer Grant Program’’ (RIN0570–AA79) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1548. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Bacillus thuringiensis Cry1A.105 Pro-tein in Soybean; Exemption from the Re-
quirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9926–23) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1549. A communication from the Census 
Bureau Federal Register Liaison Officer, Census Bureau, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Foreign Trade Regulations (FTR): Reinstatement of Exemptions Re-lated to Temporary Exports, Carnets, and Shipments Under a Temporary Import Bond’’ (RIN0607–AA53) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 29, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1550. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–82; Small Entity Compliance Guide’’ (FAC 2005–82) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 7, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1551. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Enhancements to Past Perform-ance Evaluation Systems’’ ((RIN9000–AM79) (FAC 2005–82)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 7, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1552. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Technical Amendments’’ (FAC 2005–82) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 7, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1553. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–82; Introduction’’ (FAC 2005–82) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 7, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1554. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Review and Justification of Pass-Through Contracts’’ (FAC 2005–82) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 7, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1555. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Equal Employment and Affirma-tive Action for Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities’’ ((RIN9000–AM76) (FAC 2005–82)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 7, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1556. A communication from the Execu-
tive Director, Interstate Commission on the Potomac River Basin, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Commission’s Seventy-Third Financial Statement for the period of Octo-ber 1, 2013 through September 30, 2014; to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11MY6.019 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2758 May 11, 2015 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1557. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘ANC 6E Largely Compliant with Law’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–1558. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary for Management, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1559. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Lieutenant General Charles T. Cleveland, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1560. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13338 of May 11, 2004, with respect to the blocking of property of certain persons and prohibition of expor-tation and re-exportation of certain goods to Syria; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1561. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-strictions on Sale of Assets of a Failed Insti-tution by the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration’’ (RIN3064–AE26) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1562. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13067 of November 3, 1997, with respect to Sudan; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1563. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Amendment 40’’ (RIN0648– BE47) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1564. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Island Fisheries; Pacific Remote Is-lands Marine National Monument Expan-sion’’ (RIN0648–BE63) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1565. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Red Snapper Management Measures’’ (RIN0648–BE44) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1566. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Fisheries, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the 
Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlan-tic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Red Grouper Recreational Management Measures’’ (RIN0648–BE62) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1567. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Halibut Fisheries; Catch Sharing Plan’’ (RIN0648–BE66) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1568. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary for Budget and Programs and Chief Financial Officer, Department of Transportation, re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 5, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1569. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Chief of the Auctions and Spectrum Ac-cess Division, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Auction of FM Broadcast Construction Permits Scheduled for July 23, 2015; Notice and Filing Require-ments, Minimum Opening Bids, Upfront Pay-ments, and Other Procedures for Auction 98’’ ((AU Docket No. 15–3) (DA 15–452)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 7, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1570. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Alabama’s Request to Relax the Federal Reid Vapor Pressure Gaso-line Volatility Standard for Birmingham, Alabama’’ ((RIN2060–AS58) (FRL No. 9927–16– OAR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1571. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Prevention of Significant Deteriora-tion Permitting for Greenhouse Gases: Pro-viding Option for Rescission of EPA–Issued Tailoring Rule Step 2 Prevention of Signifi-cant Deterioration Permits’’ ((RIN2060–AS57) (FRL No. 9926–98–OAR)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1572. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances’’ ((RIN2070–AB27) (FRL No. 9925–42)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1573. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Washington: Infrastructure Requirements for the Fine Particulate Mat-ter National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards’’ (FRL No. 9927–45–Region 10) received in 
the Office of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–1574. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide and 2012 Fine Particu-late Matter National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9927–35–Region 3) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1575. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Changes to the Requirements for Part D Prescribers’’ ((RIN0938–AS60) (CMS– 6107-IFC)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 5, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1576. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to sections 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–019); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–1577. A communication from the Execu-
tive Analyst (Political), Office of the Sec-retary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 6, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1578. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a financial report relative to the Animal Generic Drug User Fee Act for fiscal year 2014; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1579. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–1580. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a performance re-port relative to the Animal Drug User Fee Act for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee 
on Indian Affairs, without amendment: 
S. 184. A bill to amend the Indian Child 
Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before fos-ter care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–37). 
S. 230. A bill to provide for the conveyance 
of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska (Rept. No. 114–38). 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee 
on Indian Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11MY6.004 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2759 May 11, 2015 
S. 246. A bill to establish the Alyce Spotted 
Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Na-tive Children, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–39). 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee 
on Indian Affairs, without amendment: 
S. 321. A bill to revoke the charter of incor-
poration of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–40). 
S. 501. A bill to make technical corrections 
to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–41). 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, with amendments: 
S. 995. A bill to establish congressional 
trade negotiating objectives and enhanced consultation requirements for trade negotia-tions, to provide for consideration of trade agreements, and for other purposes. 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, without amendment: 
S. 1267. A bill to extend the African Growth 
and Opportunity Act, the Generalized Sys-tem of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes. 
S. 1268. A bill to extend the trade adjust-
ment assistance program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1269. A bill to reauthorize trade facilita-
tion and trade enforcement functions and ac-tivities, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. 
BENNET ): 
S. 1264. A bill to amend the Public Utility 
Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish a renewable electricity standard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself, Mr. 
H
OEVEN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. C ORNYN , 
Mr. C RUZ, and Mr. C ASSIDY ): 
S. 1265. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense to make certain certifications to Congress before retiring B–1, B–2, or B–52 bomber aircraft; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. 
K
ING): 
S. 1266. A bill to expand the HUBZone pro-
gram for communities affected by base re-alignment and closure, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
By Mr. HATCH: 
S. 1267. A bill to extend the African Growth 
and Opportunity Act, the Generalized Sys-tem of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Finance; placed on the calendar. 
By Mr. HATCH: 
S. 1268. A bill to extend the trade adjust-
ment assistance program, and for other pur-poses; from the Committee on Finance; placed on the calendar. 
By Mr. HATCH: 
S. 1269. A bill to reauthorize trade facilita-
tion and trade enforcement functions and ac-tivities, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Finance; placed on the cal-endar. 
By Mr. GARDNER: 
S. 1270. A bill to amend the Energy Policy 
Act of 2005 to reauthorize hydroelectric pro-duction incentives and hydroelectric effi-
ciency improvement incentives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 1271. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to issue regulations to prevent or minimize the venting and flaring of gas in oil and gas production operations in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Ms. 
W
ARREN ): 
S. 1272. A bill to direct the Comptroller 
General of the United States to conduct a study on the effects of forward capacity auc-tions and other capacity mechanisms; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. AYOTTE: 
S. 1273. A bill to establish the Strength-
ening America’s Bridges Fund , and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. HIRONO: 
S. 1274. A bill to amend the National En-
ergy Conservation Policy Act to reauthorize Federal agencies to enter into long-term contracts for the acquisition of energy; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. MERKLEY: 
S. 1275. A bill to establish a Financing En-
ergy Efficient Manufacturing Program in the Department of Energy to provide financial assistance to promote energy efficiency and onsite renewable technologies in manufac-turing and industrial facilities; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. V
IT-
TER, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. C ORNYN , and 
Mr. C OCHRAN ): 
S. 1276. A bill to amend the Gulf of Mexico 
Energy Security Act of 2006 to increase en-ergy exploration and production on the outer Continental Shelf in the Gulf of Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ): 
S. 1277. A bill to improve energy savings by 
the Department of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1278. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-
nental Shelf Lands Act to provide for the conduct of certain lease sales in the Alaska outer Continental Shelf region, to make cer-tain modifications to the North Slope Science Initiative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. 
S
COTT, Mr. K AINE, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. 
PERDUE , and Mr. I SAKSON ): 
S. 1279. A bill to provide for revenue shar-
ing of qualified revenues from leases in the South Atlantic planning area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 1280. A bill to direct the Secretary of the 
Interior to establish an annual production incentive fee with respect to Federal onshore and offshore land that is subject to a lease for production of oil or natural gas under which production is not occurring, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOZMAN ): 
S. 1281. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a standard home office deduction; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Ms. 
H
EITKAMP ): S. 1282. A bill to amend the Energy Policy 
Act of 2005 to require the Secretary of En-ergy to consider the objective of improving the conversion, use, and storage of carbon di-oxide produced from fossil fuels in carrying out research and development programs under that Act; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Ms. 
H
EITKAMP ): 
S. 1283. A bill to amend the Energy Policy 
Act of 2005 to repeal certain programs, to es-tablish a coal technology program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. KING: 
S. 1284. A bill to clarify the treatment of 
carbon emissions from forest biomass, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 1285. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
Energy to enter into contracts to provide certain price stabilization support relating to electric generation units that use coal- based generation technology; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
BENNET , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Mr. U DALL , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 1286. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to reduce the backlog of appeals of decisions of the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs by facilitating pro bono legal assistance for veterans before the United States Court of Veterans Appeals and the Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals, to provide the Secretary with authority to address unreasonably delayed claims, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
BROWN , and Mr. D URBIN ): 
S. Res. 176. A resolution designating Sep-
tember 2015 as ‘‘National Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C OONS , Ms. 
MURKOWSKI , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. B LUNT , 
Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. H ATCH , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. M ENENDEZ , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
COTTON , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. T HUNE , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. S COTT, Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
INHOFE , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. R UBIO, Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. W ICKER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. 
TESTER , and Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. Res. 177. A resolution designating the 
week of May 10 through May 16, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Police Week’’; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 27 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Rhode Is-
land (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 27, a bill to make wild-life trafficking a predicate offense under racketeering and money laun-dering statutes and the Travel Act, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11MY6.006 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2760 May 11, 2015 
provide for the use for conservation 
purposes of amounts from civil pen-alties, fines, forfeitures, and restitu-tion under such statutes based on such violations, and for other purposes. 
S. 141 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 141, a bill to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act providing for the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board. 
S. 257 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 257, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to physician supervision of therapeutic hospital outpatient services. 
S. 366 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 366, a bill to require Sen-ate candidates to file designations, statements, and reports in electronic form. 
S. 373 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 373, a bill to provide for the establish-ment of nationally uniform and envi-ronmentally sound standards gov-erning discharges incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel. 
S. 423 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
423, a bill to amend the Gramm-Leach- Bliley Act to provide an exception to the annual written privacy notice re-quirement. 
S. 497 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 497, a bill to allow Americans to earn paid sick time so that they can address their own health needs and the health needs of their families. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator 
from Mississippi (Mr. W ICKER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare pro-gram. 
S. 609 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 609, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and increase the exclusion for benefits pro-vided to volunteer firefighters and emergency medical responders. 
S. 622 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. CARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
622, a bill to strengthen families’ en-gagement in the education of their children. 
S. 632 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 632, a bill to strengthen the posi-tion of the United States as the world’s leading innovator by amending title 35, United States Code, to protect the property rights of the inventors that grow the country’s economy. 
S. 740 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) and the Senator from Oregon 
(Mr. W YDEN ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 740, a bill to improve the coordi-nation and use of geospatial data. 
S. 857 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Massachu-
setts (Ms. W ARREN ), the Senator from 
Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) and the Sen-
ator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 857, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of an initial comprehensive care plan for Medicare beneficiaries newly diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s disease and related demen-tias, and for other purposes. 
S. 883 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
883, a bill to facilitate the reestablish-ment of domestic, critical mineral des-ignation, assessment, production, man-ufacturing, recycling, analysis, fore-casting, workforce, education, and re-search capabilities in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 889 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
889, a bill to provide regulatory relief to alternative fuel producers and con-sumers, and for other purposes. 
S. 911 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 911, a bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to issue an order with respect to secondary cockpit barriers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names 
of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R OB-
ERTS ) and the Senator from Mississippi 
(Mr. W ICKER ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 1002, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for col-legiate housing and infrastructure grants. 
S. 1032 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1032, a bill to expand the use of E- 
Verify, to hold employers accountable, and for other purposes. 
S. 1040 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1040, a bill to direct the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the National Academy of Sciences to study the vehicle handling require-ments proposed by the Commission for recreational off-highway vehicles and to prohibit the adoption of any such re-quirements until the completion of the study, and for other purposes. 
S. 1119 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator 
from Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1119, a bill to estab-lish the National Criminal Justice Commission. 
S. 1135 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1135, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for fairness in hospital pay-ments under the Medicare program. 
S. 1136 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1136, a bill relating to the modernization of C–130 aircraft to meet applicable regulations of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes. 
S. 1140 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ), the Senator from Mis-
sissippi (Mr. W ICKER ), the Senator from 
Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ), the Senator from 
South Dakota (Mr. T HUNE ), the Sen-
ator from South Carolina (Mr. S COTT) 
and the Senator from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency to pro-pose a regulation revising the defini-tion of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1212, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1243 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from 
New Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1243, a bill to facili-tate modernizing the electric grid, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 15 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11MY6.009 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2761 May 11, 2015 
(Mr. B OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S.J. Res. 15, a joint resolution re-moving the deadline for the ratifica-tion of the equal rights amendment. 
S. CON. RES. 16 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ), the Senator from Kansas 
(Mr. R OBERTS ), the Senator from Illi-
nois (Mr. K IRK), the Senator from Ar-
kansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ), the Senator 
from Nebraska (Mr. S ASSE), the Sen-
ator from South Dakota (Mr. R OUNDS ) 
and the Senator from Maine (Ms. C OL-
LINS) were added as cosponsors of S. 
Con. Res. 16, a concurrent resolution stating the policy of the United States regarding the release of United States citizens in Iran. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator 
from Oklahoma (Mr. I NHOFE ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. Res. 168, a resolution recognizing National Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of chil-dren in the foster care system, and en-couraging Congress to implement pol-icy to improve the lives of children in the foster care system. 
S. RES. 174 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), the Senator from Missouri 
(Mr. B LUNT ), the Senator from Virginia 
(Mr. K AINE) and the Senator from Utah 
(Mr. H ATCH ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. Res. 174, a resolution recognizing May 2015 as ‘‘Jewish American Herit-age Month’’ and honoring the contribu-tions of Jewish Americans to the United States of America. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and 
Mr. K ING): 
S. 1266. A bill to expand the HUBZone 
program for communities affected by base realignment and closure, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
to introduce legislation to better tailor the HUBZone program to meet the needs of communities affected by the closure of U.S. military installations through the Base Closure and Realign-ment, or BRAC, process. I am pleased to be joined by my colleague from Maine, Senator K
ING, in introducing 
this legislation, the HUBZone Expan-sion Act of 2015. 
This issue hits close to home for both 
Senator K
INGand me. When Loring Air 
Force Base closed in 1994 through the BRAC process, my home of Aroostook County lost 15 percent of its popu-lation. Senator K
INGlives in Bruns-
wick, ME, which also experienced a considerable drop in population when it lost a major naval air station in 2011. 
Military bases are often the eco-
nomic heart of the towns and cities in which they are located, and commu-
nities can struggle for years to over-come the closure of those facilities as the redevelopment process is often lengthy and riddled with bureaucratic hurdles. 
In recognition of these challenges, 
Congress passed legislation providing HUBZone status for 5 years to military facilities closed through the BRAC process. This status allows small busi-nesses located on former military bases or in ‘‘economically distressed commu-nities’’ with high rates of poverty or unemployment to obtain certain Fed-eral contracting preferences. 
According to the Small Business Ad-
ministration, there are currently 107 BRAC-related HUBZones in the U.S. Unfortunately, for many of the com-munities surrounding closed military bases, HUBZone status has not always had the intended effect. One of the rea-sons is simple. The law defines the geo-graphic boundaries of a BRAC-related HUBZone to be the same as the bound-aries of the closed base. When com-bined with the requirement that 35 per-cent of the employees of a qualifying business live within the HUBZone, re-development efforts are slowed or stalled. Very few people actually live on these former bases, making it dif-ficult, if not impossible, for businesses and job seekers alike to meet the HUBZone requirements. 
We have seen this very situation play 
out following the closure of the former Brunswick Naval Air Station, which closed as a result of the 2005 BRAC round. When the Navy left, Brunswick and its neighbor, Topsham, lost more than 2,400 military and civilian per-sonnel. These two towns have a com-bined population of just 22,000, so los-ing these jobs has taken a significant economic toll. Because so few people live within the actual boundaries of the former naval air station, its HUBZone designation does not provide the help these communities need. 
To address this first concern, our leg-
islation would permit prospective em-ployees who live just outside of the boundaries of the closed base to count toward the 35 percent requirement. Employees who live in the census tracts touching the boundaries of the closed base, and in census tracts that touch those census tracts, would be in-cluded, providing a large enough pool of potential workers for qualifying businesses to locate within the HUBZone. 
A second reason that businesses have 
difficulty benefiting from the HUBZone program is because closed bases are given HUBZone status for a limited time, only 5 years. Local economic de-velopment agencies working to attract new businesses to a former base cannot begin until a base is closed, and this process can take many years. Because HUBZone preferences only apply for 5 years from closure, businesses often lose years of program eligibility. In fact, the Association of Defense Com-munities reports that in the seven years following the 2005 BRAC round, 
only 
1⁄3of former base property has 
been transferred to local authorities for redevelopment. Our legislation would address this problem by extend-ing the period of time for which a closed base is eligible for HUBZone sta-tus from 5 years after closure to 8 years. 
Steve Levesque, the Executive Direc-
tor of the Midcoast Regional Redevel-opment Authority, oversees the rede-velopment of the former Brunswick Naval Air Station. Steve supports this legislation, explaining that BRAC fa-cilities do not have adequate residen-tial areas needed to support the 35 per-cent residency requirement and that businesses cannot ‘‘realize the HUBZone benefits for BRAC’d installa-tions as envisioned by Congress.’’ 
Heather Blease is a Mainer who has 
explained the need for these changes as well. Heather is an entrepreneur who opened a small business at the former Brunswick Naval Air Station in 2013. She has described the HUBZone law as ‘‘flawed,’’ because the limited number of residences on the base make it near-ly impossible to meet the 35 percent residency requirement. She says that this proposed legislation ‘‘would make all the difference in the world’’ for her business, and would create needed jobs for Mainers. 
The Association of Defense Commu-
nities also supports our effort to tailor the HUBZone program to make it more usable by closed military bases. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
HUBZone Expansion Act of 2015 to help communities and the people most af-fected get back on their feet after the loss of a military installation, closed through the BRAC process. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that a letter of support be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
ASSOCIATION OF DEFENSE COMMUNITIES , 
May 5, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNMCCAIN, 
Chairman, Armed Services Committee, United 
States Senate, Washington, DC. 
Hon. J ACKREED, 
Ranking Member, Armed Services Committee, 
United States Senate, Washington, DC. 
Hon. M ACTHORNBERRY , 
Chairman, Armed Services Committee, House of 
Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Hon. A DAMSMITH, 
Ranking Member, Armed Services Committee, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN MCCAIN, RANKING MEMBER  
REED, CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY AND RANKING  
MEMBER SMITH: On behalf of the Association 
of Defense Communities Board of Directors, I want to express my deep appreciation for your leadership to support defense commu-nities across the country. As the leading or-ganization serving communities with active, realigned or closed military installations, ADC represents more than 200 communities, states, regions and their partners. 
Communities impacted by the Base Re-
alignment and Closure (BRAC) process con-tinue to face severe, long-term economic dis-tress. To assist in these communities’ recov-ery, Congress authorized additional support in the Small Business Reauthorization Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11MY6.010 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2762 May 11, 2015 
of 1997, declaring that military bases closed 
by BRAC are eligible for designation as His-torically Underutilized Business Zones (HUBZones). As you know, the HUBZone pro-gram allows small businesses in disadvan-taged areas additional opportunities to com-pete for federal procurements. Eighteen years later, the HUBZone designation re-mains integral for attracting small busi-nesses to these communities and is one of the few available federal tools supporting a community’s economic transition. 
While the intent of Congress was to pro-
vide the HUBZone designation to help closed military installations attract small busi-nesses, one aspect of the HUBZone program actually works against these redevelopment areas. Under the current law, 35 percent of a business’s employees also must live in a HUBZone area. Because a military installa-
tion’s HUBZone area encompasses only the boundaries of the former base, many closed military installations do not have a substan-tial number of HUBZone-certified residential areas from which to draw a sufficient work-force for the businesses desiring to locate on those properties. It often is impossible, therefore, for a business looking to relocate to these communities to qualify for HUBZone status. Further, there tradition-ally are many delays in the multi-year proc-ess through which local redevelopment au-thorities assume control of former federal property, leaving little or no opportunity to recruit small businesses before the statutory five-year HUBZone designation has expired. 
ADC is honored to endorse the current bi-
partisan legislative language offered by Sen-ators King and Collins and Representatives Pingree and Poliquin, and support its inclu-sion in the FY 2016 National Defense Author-ization Act (NDAA). The proposal would (1) allow small businesses in HUBZone areas to recruit personnel from a broader workforce and (2) extend from five years to eight years the period for which a BRAC-impacted com-munity could be designated a HUBZone. If adopted, this language would be extremely helpful to communities across the country that have supported our nation’s military missions but now are struggling to overcome distinct economic challenges. ADC is hopeful that your colleagues will support this provi-sion and its inclusion in the FY 2016 NDAA as that important legislation moves forward. 
Thank you again for your leadership on 
this and other important issues. We look for-ward to working with you and your col-leagues to further strengthen America’s de-fense communities. 
Respectfully, 
M
ICHAEL COOPER , 
President. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 176—DESIG-
NATING SEPTEMBER 2015 AS ‘‘NATIONAL BRAIN ANEURYSM AWARENESS MONTH’’ 
Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted the 
following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
S. R ES. 176 
Whereas a brain aneurysm is an abnormal 
saccular or fusiform bulging of an artery in the brain; 
Whereas an estimated 1 out of every 50 peo-
ple in the United States has a brain aneu-rysm; 
Whereas brain aneurysms are most likely 
to occur in people between the ages of 35 and 60, and there are typically no warning signs; Whereas brain aneurysms are more likely 
to occur in women than in men by a 3-to-2 ratio; 
Whereas young and middle-aged African- 
Americans have a higher risk of brain aneu-rysm rupture compared to Caucasian Ameri-cans; 
Whereas, based on a 2004 study, the most 
recent year with readily-available data, the combined lost wages of survivors of a brain aneurysm rupture and their caretakers for 1 year were $138,000,000; 
Whereas various risk factors can con-
tribute to the formation of a brain aneu-rysm, including smoking, hypertension, and a family history of brain aneurysms; 
Whereas approximately 6,000,000 people in 
the United States have a brain aneurysm; 
Whereas an unruptured brain aneurysm 
can lead to double vision, vision loss, loss of sensation, weakness, loss of balance, incoordination, and speech problems; 
Whereas a brain aneurysm is often discov-
ered when it ruptures and causes a subarach-noid hemorrhage; 
Whereas a subarachnoid hemorrhage can 
lead to brain damage, hydrocephalus, stroke, and death; 
Whereas, each year, more than 30,000 peo-
ple in the United States suffer from ruptured brain aneurysms, 50 percent of whom die as a result; 
Whereas, annually, between 3,000 and 4,500 
people in the United States with ruptured brain aneurysms die before reaching the hos-pital; 
Whereas a number of advancements have 
been made in recent years regarding the de-tection of aneurysms, including the comput-erized tomography scan, the magnetic reso-nance imaging test, and the cerebral arterio-gram, and early detection can save lives; 
Whereas various research studies are cur-
rently being conducted in the United States in order to better understand, prevent, and treat brain aneurysms; 
Whereas the United States spends only 
$1.30 per person for research each year on the approximately 6,000,000 people of the United States who suffer from brain aneurysms; and 
Whereas the month of September would be 
an appropriate month to designate as ‘‘Na-tional Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates September 2015 as ‘‘National 
Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month’’; and 
(2) continues to support research to pre-
vent, detect, and treat brain aneurysms. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 177—DESIG-
NATING THE WEEK OF MAY 10 THROUGH MAY 16, 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL POLICE WEEK’’ 
Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C OONS , Ms. 
MURKOWSKI , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. H ATCH , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
THUNE , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. S COTT, 
Mr. K AINE, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. W ARNER , 
Mr. R UBIO, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. W ICKER , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. 
PETERS ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 177 
Whereas, in 1962, John Fitzgerald Kennedy 
signed the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘Joint Resolution to authorize the President to pro-
claim May 15 of each year as Peace Officers Memorial Day and the calendar week of each year during which such May 15 occurs as Po-lice Week’’ (36 U.S.C. 136); 
Whereas law enforcement officers are 
charged with pursuing justice and protecting communities in the United States; 
Whereas Federal, State, local, and tribal 
police officers, sheriffs, and other law en-forcement officers across the United States serve with dignity and integrity; 
Whereas, in 2015, on the 20th anniversary of 
the Oklahoma City Murrah Federal Building bombing, the Senate honors the memory of those who perished in the bombing and the role of law enforcement officers as both first responders to terrorist attacks and protec-tors of the homeland from foreign and do-mestic threats; 
Whereas law enforcement officers selflessly 
serve their communities even at the risk of their own personal safety, including the ab-horrent murders of New York Police Depart-ment Officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu; 
Whereas Peace Officers Memorial Day hon-
ors all law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty; 
Whereas Peace Officers Memorial Day, 
2015, honors 127 law enforcement officers re-cently killed in the line of duty, including David T. Johnson, Terry B. Fisher, Clinton Jeffrey Holtz, Carlos A. Rivera-Vega, Thom-as A. Smith, Jr., Kristian D. Willhight, Brian D. Beck, David M. Baldwin, Eddie Maurice Hamer, Carlos Papillion, Jr., Cory B. Wride, Percy Lee House III, Jonathan Scott Pine, Amanda B. Baker, Brian M. Law, Juan Jaime Gonzalez, John T. Hobbs, Nicholas Choung Lee, Derek Andrew Hansen, Joaquin Correa-Ortega, Jason M. Crisp, Marc Uland Kelley, Allen Ray Richardson, James P. Morrissy, Ricky Del Fiorentino, Robert G. German, Mark A. Mayo, Mark H. Larson, Alexander E. Thalmann, David W. Smith, Jr., Gregory T. Maloney, Ernest T. Franklin, Dennis Guerra, Christopher A. Cortijo, Doug-las H. Mayville, Mareli A. Morales-Santiago, Dennis Oliver Simmonds, Michael J. Seversen, William Heath Kelley, Bryan Mar-shall Berger, Gabriel Rich, Patrick Scott Johnson, Roberto Carlos Sanchez, Chelsea Richard, Noel Lee Hawk, John Collum, Mi-chael Alexander Petrina, Charles Dinwiddie, Stephen Arkell, Steven LaCruz Thomas, Chad Charles, Jair A. Cabrera, Alexander Giannini, Christopher Skinner, Frank McKnight, Brian W. Jones, Paul A. Buckles, Kevin Dorian Jordan, Daryl Giles, Igor Soldo, Alyn R. Beck, Scott M. Hewell, Lee Dixon, Allen Bares, Jr., Jacob Daniel Calvin, Perry W. Renn, Jeffrey Brady Westerfield, Frank Gregory Bordonaro, Melvin Santiago, Christopher M. Goodell, Scott Patrick, Mark A. Hecker, Patrick Libertone, Joseph James Dunn I, Michael Pimentel, Geniel Amaro- Fantauzzi, Cleveland Johnson, Jr., Paul Fer-rara, Daryl R. Pierson, Nickolaus E. Schultz, Jason E. Harwood, Joseph J. Matuskovic, Tyler R. Robledo, Byron Keith Dickson II, Michael Norris, Reinaldo Arocha, Jr., Jessica Laura Hollis, Michael C. Williams, Jordan J. Corder, David Kedra, Michael Joe Naylor, Eddie Johnson, Jr., Danny Oliver, Michael David Davis, Jr., Kagan Dindar, John Tim-othy Williamson, Anthony Haase, Robert Blajszczak, Jeffrey W. Garrett, Yevhen Eu-gene Kostiuchenko, Jesse Valdez III, Shaun Richard Diamond, David Payne, Robert Parker White, Matthew Chism, Darrell Perritt, Holmes Nathaniel Smith, Jr., Ron-ald A. Leisure, Justin Winebrenner, Jeffrey Wayne Greene, Alejandro Martinez, Sr., 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11MY6.014 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2763 May 11, 2015 
Christopher Smith, James Hart, Edwin O. 
Roman-Acevedo, Ernest J. Montoya, Sr., Grant William Whitaker, Richard Anthony Champion, John Robert Street, Rafael Ramos, Wenjian Liu, Charles R. Kondek, Jr., Jamel Clagett, Tyler Jacob Stewart, Stephen Petruzzello, Thomas Choi, James E. Foster, Jr., and Timothy Mitchell; and 
Whereas 44 law enforcement officers across 
the United States have made the ultimate sacrifice during the first 4 months of 2015: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates the week of May 10 through 
May 16, 2015, as ‘‘National Police Week’’; 
(2) expresses strong support for law en-
forcement officers across the United States for their efforts to build safer and more se-cure communities; 
(3) recognizes the need to ensure that law 
enforcement officers have the equipment, training, and resources necessary to protect their health and safety while the law en-forcement officers are protecting the public; 
(4) recognizes the members of the law en-
forcement community for their selfless acts of bravery; 
(5) acknowledges that police officers and 
other law enforcement officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice should be re-membered and honored; and 
(6) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe National Police Week with appropriate ceremonies and activities that promote awareness of the vital role of law enforcement officers in building safer and more secure communities across the United States. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 11, 2015, at 6 p.m., to conduct a classified hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding the Commercial, Polit-ical, and Security Implications of the U.S.-China Civil Nuclear Agreement.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AIRLAND  
Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Airland of the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 11, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GOLD STAR FATHERS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 67, S. 136. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 136) to amend chapter 21 of title 
5, United States Code, to provide that fa-thers of certain permanently disabled or de-ceased veterans shall be included with moth-ers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and that any statements related to the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 136) was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed as follows: 
S. 136 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gold Star 
Fathers Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PREFERENCE ELIGIBLE TREATMENT FOR 
FATHERS OF CERTAIN PERMA-NENTLY DISABLED OR DECEASED VETERANS. 
Section 2108(3) of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended by striking subparagraphs (F) and (G) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(F) the parent of an individual who lost 
his or her life under honorable conditions while serving in the armed forces during a period named by paragraph (1)(A) of this sec-tion, if— 
‘‘(i) the spouse of that parent is totally and 
permanently disabled; or 
‘‘(ii) that parent, when preference is 
claimed, is unmarried or, if married, legally separated from his or her spouse; 
‘‘(G) the parent of a service-connected per-
manently and totally disabled veteran, if— 
‘‘(i) the spouse of that parent is totally and 
permanently disabled; or 
‘‘(ii) that parent, when preference is 
claimed, is unmarried or, if married, legally separated from his or her spouse; and’’. 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendment made by this Act shall 
take effect 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
f 
THE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar Nos. 69 and 70, S. 179 and S. 994, en bloc. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bills be read a third time and passed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, and that any statements relating to the bills be printed in the R
ECORD , all en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
JAMES L. OBERSTAR MEMORIAL 
POST OFFICE BUILDING 
The bill (S. 179) to designate the fa-
cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office Build-ing,’’ was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 179 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JAMES L. OBERSTAR MEMORIAL 
POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, 
shall be known and designated as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Me-morial Post Office Building’’. 
f 
STAFF SERGEANT JOSEPH 
D’AUGUSTINE POST OFFICE BUILDING 
The bill (S. 994) to designate the fa-
cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Of-fice Building,’’ was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 994 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. STAFF SERGEANT JOSEPH 
D’AUGUSTINE POST OFFICE BUILD-ING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Of-fice Building’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’. 
f 
SISTER ANN KEEFE POST OFFICE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 71, H.R. 651. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 651) to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Of-fice.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
further ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 651) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 177, submitted earlier today 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11MY6.012 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2764 May 11, 2015 
A resolution (S. Res. 177) designating the 
week of May 10 through May 16, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Police Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 177) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENTS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair, on behalf of the majority and Democratic leaders of the Senate and the Speaker and minority leader of the House of Representatives, pursuant to Section 301 of Public Law 104–1, as amended by Public Law 108–349, and as further amended by Public Law 114–6, announces the joint reappointment of the following individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance: Barbara L. Camens of the District of Columbia and Roberta L. Holzwarth of Illinois. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 12, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 12; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 12:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally di-vided in the usual form; further, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly con-ference meetings; further, that the time from 2:15 p.m. until the cloture vote be equally divided in the usual form; finally, that the mandatory quorum call under rule XXII be waived with respect to the cloture vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Senators should 
expect a cloture vote on the motion to proceed to TPA at 2:30 p.m. tomorrow. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the 
previous order, following the remarks of Senator B
ROWN and Senator M ENEN -
DEZ. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, some in 
this body seem to be on the verge of ap-proving the largest trade deal in our Nation’s history with little debate, one rushed hearing, and barely any under-standing of what we are signing on to. The last time Congress considered fast- track was 13 years ago; the Senate spent 3 weeks considering that bill. 
But some would like to condense con-
sideration of the biggest trade deal we have ever debated—ever debated—and have it done in advance of Memorial Day; the reason—they know that the more we talk about U.S. trade policy, the more the American public does not like it. 
Trade promotion authority will give 
up Congress’s authority to amend trade agreements. Not only will this affect the Trans-Pacific Partnership agree-ment and so-called TTIP, the United States-European Union agreement, it will affect any trade deal until 2021. With TPP and TTIP, 60 percent of the world’s GDP is at stake. Millions of American jobs are on the line. This is too important to rush through with lit-tle debate and little congressional input. 
With the Memorial Day recess ap-
proaching, there simply is not enough time to consider fast-track in a manner that allows full debate and consider-ation of amendments. We do not even know if the Senate will vote on all four bills as a package that we considered in the Finance Committee or just vote on fast-track or some combination of the four. If we voted on fast-track alone, we would be giving new rights to cor-porations while turning our backs on critical trade enforcement measures and the workers who are left behind by unfair foreign trade. Imagine if just TPA—fast-track—gets to the Presi-dent’s desk; we will have done nothing on enforcement and we will have left out help for workers who have lost their jobs because of what this institu-tion did. Fast-tracking fast-track will prevent us from having serious debates on issues from public health, to the auto industry, to international mone-tary policy. 
During the Finance Committee’s con-
sideration of this bill, I filed 88 amend-ments to the package of four bills, 81 of those to fast-track alone. I offered a number during markup, and I will offer more on the floor. I know Senator M
ENENDEZ had a very important 
amendment—and he will be speaking in 
a moment—in the Finance Committee that was adopted. I know other col-leagues have amendments that will be considered. We should debate these amendments to legislation as impor-tant as this. Now the majority leader, who just 
spoke, wants us to rush this bill through, to fast-track fast-track in the last few days just to get it done, just so the public won’t be able to find out what is in it. We owe it to the Amer-ican people to not rush through some-thing as important as our national trade policy. We owe it to the Amer-ican people to spend the limited time available on the floor passing a job-cre-ation bill, such as the highway bill, which is set to expire May 31, rather than a provably job-killing trade agreement, as NAFTA was, as PNTR was, as CAFTA was, as South Korea was. 
We know the real answer, that this 
deal amounts to more empty promises. If it were really good for the American worker, why can’t the American work-er see it? More corporate handouts, more worker sellouts. 
As many of my colleagues know, this 
trade agreement simply doesn’t work for us. This is what is wrong with the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
First, with China, there is no guar-
antee it will not join later. There is no prohibition in this language—as far as we can see, with the limited access to the text—that China can’t backdoor into this agreement without a vote of Congress, without any examination from the American public. 
Second, what happens to competi-
tion? American workers are paid a liv-ing wage. In Vietnam, the average wage is $3 per day. How do we compete with that? With currency. We know China has gamed the currency system year after year after year. They don’t play by the same rules as we do. 
Corporations shift from democrat-
ically elected governments to corpora-tions. We have seen it in tobacco, we have seen it in public health, and we have seen it with minimum wage, where corporations can sue foreign governments. Corporations in one country can sue a government, even if that government has passed a law democratically through a democratic process. 
Our trade deals amount to corporate 
handouts and worker sellouts. People in my State know what has happened since NAFTA. They promised NAFTA would bring millions of jobs. Instead, we have lost 5 million manufacturing jobs in this country since 1994. It is only since the auto rescue in 2010 that we have begun to gain those jobs back. 
We know our trade deals were for 
small business to compete with compa-nies abroad that pay their workers pen-nies on the dollar. These foreign com-panies don’t have to abide by the same American laws that we do. 
With so much to do at home and so 
much at stake in this deal, we shouldn’t be rushing the process of con-sidering fast-track. We should be work-ing on a living wage. We should be working on paid sick and family leave. 
We should be working on equal pay for equal work. We should be working on investment to infrastructure and inno-vation. Instead, the majority leader 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11MY6.036 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2765 May 11, 2015 
wants to fast-track, fast-track. He 
wants to put this trade agreement on the floor as quickly as possible. 
This body should deliberate methodi-
cally and carefully before we agree to become a rubberstamp for the White House’s trade policy. It has not worked for us in the past; it will not work for us in the future. This body should not be rushing to give up our authority on trade. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING AND TRADE 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
rise to draw attention to the inter-national plight of human trafficking and its relationship to our Nation’s trade agenda. 
According to the State Department’s 
Trafficking in Persons Report, ‘‘Human trafficking’’ is about recruiting, har-boring, transporting, providing or ob-taining a person for compelled labor or commercial sex acts through the use of force, fraud or coercion. It is an unac-ceptable global scourge that must end and cannot be rewarded by any trade agreement. 
Sexual exploitation, forced labor, 
forced marriage, debt bondage, and the sale and exploitation of children around the world should be a global cry for justice. But as Benjamin Franklin once said: ‘‘Justice will not be served until those who are unaffected are as outraged as those who are.’’ 
Today, we are all outraged at the vio-
lence, the psychological terror, and the greed that drives human trafficking. We are outraged that there are 50 mil-lion refugees and displaced people around the world, the largest number since World War II, many of whom are targets of traffickers. We are outraged that 36 million women, children, and men around the world are subjected to involuntary labor or sexual exploi-tation. We are outraged when we hear that over 5 million of them are chil-dren, that forced labor generates about $150-plus billion in profits annually, the second largest income source for international criminals next to the drug trade. 
For the victims of these crimes, the 
term ‘‘modern slavery’’ more starkly describes what is happening around the world, and it must end. 
The Trafficking Victims Protection 
Act requires that the State Depart-ment annually publish a Trafficking in Persons Report, known as the TIP Re-port, which ranks each country based upon the extent of government action to combat trafficking. 
Tier 3 in that listing is the worst of 
these rankings. It indicates that a gov-ernment does not comply with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act’s minimum standards, and it is not mak-ing significant efforts to do so. Tier 3 countries are those that have not even taken the most basic steps to address their human trafficking problem and have not provided protection for traf-
ficking victims. 
In the most recent TIP Report pub-
lished, the State Department ranked 23 countries as tier 3. Countries such as North Korea, Iran, and Cuba have flaunted international legal norms and threatened to upend global security. 
I am most disappointed to say that 
Malaysia—a middle-income country by most standards, a party to the Trans- Pacific Partnership negotiations—has the resources and the wherewithal to address human trafficking within its borders but has for years failed to take sufficient action to warrant an upgrade on the TIP Report. So it is unfortunate that the scale of the human trafficking problem in Malaysia is vast, and it is in sectors that will directly benefit from increased trade when TPP trade agreement is concluded. 
The State Department’s 2014 Traf-
ficking in Persons Report states: 
Many migrant workers on agricultural 
plantations, at construction sites, in textile factories, and in homes as domestic workers throughout Malaysia are exploited and sub-jected to practices indicative of forced labor, such as restrictions on movement, deceit and fraud in wages, passport confiscation, and imposition of significant debts by recruit-ment agents or employers. 
Most disappointingly, the State De-
partment wrote last year that the Ma-laysian Government was neglecting the problem. The 2014 TIP Report con-tinues: 
Malaysian authorities continued to detain 
trafficking victims in government facilities for periods of time that sometimes exceeded a year; victims had limited freedom of move-ment and were not allowed to work outside the facilities. The government provided minimal basic services to those staying in its shelters; NGOs—with no financial support from the government—provided the majority of rehabilitation and counseling services. . . . The government identified 650 potential victims in 2013—significantly fewer than the 1,096 potential victims identified in 2012. It reported fewer investigations (89 compared to 190) and fewer convictions (nine compared to 21) compared to the previous year. 
Furthermore, in January, 2013, the 
Malaysian Government implemented a policy that places the burden of paying immigration and employment author-ization fees on foreign workers rather than on employers, increasing the risk of workers falling into debt bondage. And, while nearly a year has passed since the State Department issued its 2014 report—as recently as April 17, this past month—the U.S. Ambassador to Malaysia said the Malaysian Gov-ernment needs to show greater polit-ical will in prosecuting human traf-fickers and protecting their victims if the country hopes to improve on its current lowest ranking in the TIP Re-port. 
It is precisely to combat crimes such 
as these that Congress has taken ac-tion this year to fight modern slavery. Earlier this year, the Foreign Rela-tions Committee, under the leadership of Chairman C
ORKER , held an impor-
tant hearing on human trafficking on February 4. On April 22, Congressman C
HRIS SMITH of New Jersey held a 
House subcommittee hearing exam-ining the State Department’s Traf-ficking in Persons Report, emphasizing the need to maintain the integrity of the tier ranking system. 
On that same day, April 22, the Sen-
ate voted 99 to 0 for the Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act, authored by Senator C
ORNYN . Later that day, in the 
Committee on Finance, a bipartisan group of 16 Senators voted for my amendment to prohibit fast-track pro-cedures from applying to any trade agreement with a country ranked as tier 3—the worst ranking. 
Congress has never before approved a 
free-trade agreement, much less fast- tracked one, with any country while it was ranked tier 3, and I do not believe we should start now. 
I want to be clear. The amendment I 
offered and which was adopted with a bipartisan vote in the Committee on Finance is not meant to single out Ma-laysia or any other country. My antitrafficking provision to the fast track bill is a simple bipartisan state-ment of our American values. Contrary to the administration’s comments, my amendment is not a poison pill. I don’t know when trying to fight human traf-ficking becomes a poison pill. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
Senator C
ORNYN , perhaps the Sen-
ate’s strongest advocate for victims of human trafficking, voted for my amendment. Senator P
ORTMAN , the 
former U.S. Trade Representative, voted for my amendment. Senator W
YDEN , the ranking member of the 
Committee on Finance and coauthor of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act, also voted for my amendment. 
In total, 10 members of the Com-
mittee on Finance who voted for my amendment also voted for the fast- track bill. I cannot believe we would have seen such a strong bipartisan vote from so many Senators who support fast track if this amendment were truly a poison pill. 
Now, the administration has recently 
said this amendment would remove our ability to use our trade dialogue to en-courage countries to take action on human trafficking. But I want the record to reflect the fact that trade ne-gotiations with the United States have not improved most countries’ human trafficking performance. It is clear that years of engagement with Malay-sia on this issue, even with the carrot of the TPP negotiations hanging before it, have not been enough to generate action from the Malaysian govern-ment. 
Of the 17 countries the United States 
has entered into trade agreements with since 2001—the first year of the Traf-ficking in Persons Report—eight have not improved their trafficking in per-sons rankings since their trade deals entered into force. So for almost a dec-ade and a half, eight have not improved their rankings since the trade deals en-tered into force, and three countries 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11MY6.038 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2766 May 11, 2015 
have actually had their trafficking in 
persons rankings downgraded after their trade deals entered into force. 
The facts are abundantly clear. Free 
trade negotiations have never been a successful tool in encouraging other countries to improve their performance on combating human trafficking. 
Now, I understand the administra-
tion’s concerns over the effect of my amendment on the current TPP nego-tiations. But I hope that as the State Department finalizes the 2015 report, there is no undue influence to move countries around in order to benefit the administration’s trade agenda. The integrity of the TIP report is at stake. And rest assured the Congress will pro-vide the appropriate oversight to en-sure that integrity. After all, in the State Department’s own words, the TIP Report ‘‘is the U.S. Government’s principal tool to engage foreign gov-ernments on human trafficking.’’ 
Furthermore, I now understand the 
administration is reaching out to human rights groups, seeking com-promise language that would address the concerns about human trafficking in our trade partners that I and others have spoken of. So I am pleased the ad-ministration recognizes the validity of my position as adopted by the Com-mittee on Finance and agrees that it is appropriate to address human traf-ficking in this trade bill. 
Let me close by saying I want to re-
mind my colleagues that the fast track negotiating authority is precisely the point at which Congress lays down the rules, the conditions, and the prin-ciples by which the administration is granted our constitutional prerogative to negotiate international trade deals. Any suggestion that the bipartisan statement of negotiating principles of the Senate Committee on Finance is an interference with the administration’s prerogatives gets that constitutional 
relationship backwards. We set the terms. The administration follows those terms in their negotiations. It is not our job to trim our principles to match the deal they have already nego-tiated. 
This goes to the very heart of our 
congressional duties and to the heart of our constitutional power over inter-
national trade, and I believe it goes to the heart of the debate over fast-track authority itself that we began in the Committee on Finance and will soon engage on here on the Senate Floor as early as tomorrow. Do we set the terms by which our trade powers are dele-gated to the administration or do they dictate the terms they will accept? 
That brings me to the question of the 
trade bill we may be considering as early as tomorrow. We do not know whether the hard-fought product of the Committee on Finance will be re-spected. We do not know if a major trade preference package or long- awaited trade enforcement reforms will be included. When we are asked to vote on cloture tomorrow, at least at this point, will we be voting for a blank piece of paper? How can any Member in their right mind vote to move forward when they do not even know what they are moving forward on? 
I have asked to see the text, because 
I want to see, among other things, whether the amendment that was adopted by the Committee on Finance on human trafficking is in there. I am told we don’t have it. It is nearly 7 o’clock the evening before we will vote at 2:30 tomorrow. How do Members of the Senate vote in blank on the most significant trade bill we have had in well over a decade? That is not good enough for me, and it should not be good enough for the Senate. 
So I hope as we move forward to con-
sider a fast-track bill, my colleagues will bear in mind the importance of protecting the process of the Senate Committee on Finance, just as we have protected the process of every com-mittee that has a bill brought to the Senate Floor. That is why I am asking my colleagues to keep this amendment in the bill and help fight the scourge of modern slavery in the countries we trade with. 
The bill reported by the Committee 
on Finance puts a strong emphasis on our need to match the actions we take on human trafficking at home to those we take in the international arena. And while we may not agree with the specifics of our trade policy, I hope when the fast-track bill comes to the 
floor, the Senate will stand together, reaffirming our commitment to hold-ing our trading partners accountable for their lack of action on combating human trafficking. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. to-morrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:53 p.m., 
adjourned until Tuesday, May 12, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
JULIUS LLOYD HORWICH, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY FOR LEGISLATION AND CONGRES-SIONAL AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, VICE GABRIELLA CECILIA GOMEZ. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
GREGORY GUY NADEAU, OF MAINE, TO BE ADMINIS-
TRATOR OF THE FEDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION, VICE VICTOR M. MENDEZ, RESIGNED. 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT  
ANN CALVARESI BARR, OF MARYLAND, TO BE INSPEC-
TOR GENERAL, UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT, VICE DONALD A. GAMBATESA, RESIGNED. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL OF THE NAVY AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE SERVING AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5148: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. JAMES W. CRAWFORD III 
f 
WITHDRAWAL 
Executive Message transmitted by 
the President to the Senate on May 11, 2015 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
KATHERINE SIMONDS DHANANI, OF FLORIDA, A CA-
REER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF SOMALIA, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON FEBRUARY 25, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G11MY6.039 S11MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E669 May 11, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 
12, 2015 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 13 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
Closed business meeting to markup the 
proposed National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Bureau of Land Management. 
SD–124 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine protecting 
the constitutional right to counsel for indigents charged with misdemeanors. 
SD–226 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine securing the 
border, focusing on fencing, infrastruc-ture, and technology force multipliers. 
SD–342 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine safe-
guarding American interests in the East and South China Seas. 
SD–419 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 986, to 
require the Secretary of the Interior to take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the benefit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico; to be immediately followed by an over-sight hearing to examine the Bureau of Indian Education, focusing on organi-zational challenges in transforming educational opportunities for Indian children. 
SD–628 3 p.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine pending 
benefits legislation. 
SR–418 
MAY 14 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
Closed business meeting to continue to 
markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine regulatory 
issues impacting end-users and market liquidity. 
SD–106 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the National Labor Relations Board. 
SD–124 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 411, to 
authorize the approval of natural gas pipelines and establish deadlines and expedite permits for certain natural gas gathering lines on Federal land and Indian land, S. 485, to prohibit the use of eminent domain in carrying out cer-tain projects, S. 1017, to amend the Federal Power Act to improve the siting of interstate electric trans-mission facilities, S. 1037, to expand the provisions for termination of man-datory purchase requirements under the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, S. 1196, to amend the Min-eral Leasing Act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to grant rights- of-ways on Federal land, S. 1201, to ad-vance the integration of clean distrib-uted energy into electric grids, S. 1202, to amend the Public Utility Regu-
latory Policies Act of 1978 to assist States in adopting updated inter-connection procedures and tariff sched-ules and standards for supplemental, backup, and standby power fees for projects for combined heat and power technology and waste heat to power technology, S. 1207, to direct the Sec-retary of Energy to establish a grant program under which the Secretary shall make grants to eligible partner-ships to provide for the transformation of the electric grid by the year 2030, S. 1210, to provide for the timely consider-ation of all licenses, permits, and ap-provals required under Federal law with respect to oil and gas production and distribution, S. 1213, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 and the Federal Power Act to fa-cilitate the free market for distributed energy resources, S. 1217, to establish an Interagency Rapid Response Team for Transmission, to establish an Office of Transmission Ombudsperson, S. 1219, to amend the Public Utility Regu-latory Policies Act of 1978 to provide for the safe and reliable interconnec-
tion of distributed resources and to provide for the examination of the ef-fects of net metering, S. 1220, to im-prove the distribution of energy in the United States, S. 1225, to improve Fed-eral land management, resource con-servation, environmental protection, and use of Federal real property, by re-quiring the Secretary of the Interior to develop a multipurpose cadastre of Federal real property and identifying inaccurate, duplicate, and out-of-date Federal land inventories, S. 1227, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy to de-velop an implementation strategy to promote the development of hybrid micro-grid systems for isolated com-munities, S. 1228, to require approval for the construction, connection, oper-ation, or maintenance of oil or natural gas pipelines or electric transmission facilities at the national boundary of the United States for the import or ex-port of oil, natural gas, or electricity to or from Canada or Mexico, S. 1231, to require congressional notification for certain Strategic Petroleum Reserve operations and to determine options available for the continued operation of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, S. 1232, to amend the Energy Independ-ence and Security Act of 2007 to modify provisions relating to smart grid mod-ernization, S. 1233, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to expand the electric rate-setting au-thority of States, S. 1237, to amend the Natural Gas Act to limit the authority of the Secretary of Energy to approve certain proposals relating to export ac-tivities of liquefied natural gas termi-nals, S. 1242, to amend the Natural Gas Act to require the Federal Energy Reg-ulatory Commission to consider re-gional constraints in natural gas sup-ply and whether a proposed LNG ter-minal would benefit regional con-sumers of natural gas before approving or disapproving an application for the LNG terminal, and S. 1243, to facilitate modernizing the electric grid. 
SD–366 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine a pathway 
to improving care for Medicare pa-tients with chronic conditions. 
SD–215 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, 
and International Cybersecurity Policy 
To hold hearings to examine cybersecu-
rity, focusing on setting the rules for responsible global cyber behavior. 
SD–419 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider pending 
calendar business. 
SD–226 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M11MY8.000 E11MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E670 May 11, 2015 
MAY 15 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
Closed business meeting to continue to 
markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
SR–222 
MAY 19 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 562, to 
promote exploration for geothermal re-sources, S. 822, to expand geothermal production, S. 1026, to amend the En-ergy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to repeal a provision prohibiting Federal agencies from procuring alter-native fuels, S. 1057, to promote geo-thermal energy, S. 1058, to promote re-search, development, and demonstra-tion of marine and hydrokinetic renew-able energy technologies, S. 1103, to re-instate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam, S. 1104, to extend the deadline for commencement of con-struction of a hydroelectric project in-volving the Gibson Dam, S. 1199, to au-thorize Federal agencies to provide al-ternative fuel to Federal employees on a reimbursable basis, S. 1215, to amend the Methane Hydrate Research and De-velopment Act of 2000 to provide for the development of methane hydrate as a commercially viable source of en-ergy, S. 1222, to amend the Federal Power Act to provide for reports relat-ing to electric capacity resources of transmission organizations and the amendment of certain tariffs to address the procurement of electric capacity resources, S. 1224, to reconcile differing Federal approaches to condensate, S. 1226, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act and the Mineral Leasing Act for Ac-quired Lands to promote a greater do-mestic helium supply, to establish a Federal helium leasing program for public land, and to secure a helium supply for national defense and Federal researchers, and S. 1236, to amend the Federal Power Act to modify certain requirements relating to trial-type hearings with respect to certain license applications before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 
SD–366 
MAY 20 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
addressing the needs of Native commu-nities through Indian Water Rights 
Settlements. 
SD–628 
MAY 21 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
Business meeting to markup an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘The Financial Regu-latory Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SD–538 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, 
and Mining 
To hold hearings to examine S. 160, and 
H.R. 373, to direct the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Secretary for good Samaritan search-and-recovery mis-sions, S. 365, to improve rangeland con-ditions and restore grazing levels with-in the Grand Staircase-Escalante Na-tional Monument, Utah, S. 472, to pro-mote conservation, improve public land, and provide for sensible develop-ment in Douglas County, Nevada, S. 583, to establish certain wilderness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving Na-tional Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, S. 814, to provide for the convey-ance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon to the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, S. 815, to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal land 
in the State of Oregon to the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indi-ans, and S. 1240, to designate the Cerro del Yuta and Rio San Antonio Wilder-ness Areas in the State of New Mexico. 
SD–366 
JUNE 4 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 454, to 
amend the Department of Energy High- End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 to improve the high-end com-puting research and development pro-gram of the Department of Energy, S. 784, to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish microlabs to improve re-gional engagement with national lab-oratories, S. 1033, to amend the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act to re-place the current requirement for a bi-ennial energy policy plan with a Quad-rennial Energy Review, S. 1054, to im-
prove the productivity and energy effi-ciency of the manufacturing sector by directing the Secretary of Energy, in coordination with the National Acad-emies and other appropriate Federal agencies, to develop a national smart manufacturing plan and to provide as-sistance to small-and medium-sized manufacturers in implementing smart manufacturing programs, S. 1068, to amend the Federal Power Act to pro-tect the bulk-power system from cyber security threats, S. 1181, to expand the Advanced Technology Vehicle Manu-facturing Program to include commer-cial trucks and United States flagged vessels, to return unspent funds and loan proceeds to the United States Treasury to reduce the national debt, S. 1187, to improve management of the National Laboratories, enhance tech-nology commercialization, facilitate public-private partnerships, S. 1216, to amend the Natural Gas Act to modify a provision relating to civil penalties, S. 1218, to establish an interagency co-ordination committee or subcommittee with the leadership of the Department of Energy and the Department of the Interior, focused on the nexus between energy and water production, use, and efficiency, S. 1221, to amend the Fed-eral Power Act to require periodic re-ports on electricity reliability and reli-ability impact statements for rules af-fecting the reliable operation of the bulk-power system, S. 1223, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to im-prove the loan guarantee program for innovative technologies, S. 1229, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy to sub-mit a plan to implement recommenda-tions to improve interactions between the Department of Energy and Na-tional Laboratories, S. 1230, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to estab-lish a program under which the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Land Management shall enter into memoranda of under-standing with States providing for State oversight of oil and gas produc-tions activities, and S. 1241, to provide for the modernization, security, and re-siliency of the electric grid, to require the Secretary of Energy to carry out programs for research, development, demonstration, and information-shar-ing for cybersecurity for the energy sector. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M11MY8.000 E11MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D514 Monday, May 11, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2743–S2766 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-three bills and two 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1264–1286, and S. Res. 176–177.
                   Page S2759 
Measures Reported: 
S. 184, to amend the Indian Child Protection and 
Family Violence Prevention Act to require back-ground checks before foster care placements are or-dered in tribal court proceedings. (S. Rept. No. 114–37) 
S. 230, to provide for the conveyance of certain 
property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corpora-tion located in Bethel, Alaska. (S. Rept. No. 114–38) 
S. 246, to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and 
Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–39) 
S. 321, to revoke the charter of incorporation of 
the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe. (S. Rept. No. 114–40) 
S. 501, to make technical corrections to the Nav-
ajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mex-ico. (S. Rept. No. 114–41) 
S. 995, to establish congressional trade negoti-
ating objectives and enhanced consultation require-ments for trade negotiations, to provide for consider-ation of trade agreements, with amendments. 
S. 1267, to extend the African Growth and Op-
portunity Act, the Generalized System of Pref-erences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti. 
S. 1268, to extend the trade adjustment assistance 
program. 
S. 1269, to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade 
enforcement functions and activities.
      Pages S2758–59 
Measures Passed: 
United States Citizens in Iran: By a unanimous 
vote of 90 yeas (Vote No. 175), Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 16, stating the policy of the United States regarding the release of United States citizens in Iran.
                                                                          Pages S2749–51 Gold Star Fathers Act: Senate passed S. 136, to 
amend chapter 21 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that fathers of certain permanently disabled or deceased veterans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service.
                                                    Page S2763 
James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office Build-
ing: Senate passed S. 179, to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
                                                                                            Page S2763 
Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office 
Building: Senate passed S. 994, to designate the fa-
cility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jer-sey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’.
                                                       Page S2763 
Sister Ann Keefe Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 
651, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office’’.
                                                                 Page S2763 
National Police Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 
177, designating the week of May 10 through May 16, 2015, as ‘‘National Police Week’’.
   Pages S2763–64 
Appointments: 
Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance: 
The Chair, on behalf of the Majority and Democratic Leaders of the Senate and the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, pursuant to Section 301 of Public Law 104–1, as amended by Public Law 108–349, and as further amended by 
Public Law 114–6, announced the joint re-appoint-ment of the following individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance: Bar-bara L. Camens of the District of Columbia, and Ro-berta L. Holzwarth of Illinois.
                            Page S2764 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Julius Lloyd Horwich, of Illinois, to be Assistant 
Secretary for Legislation and Congressional Affairs, Department of Education. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11MY5.REC D11MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D515 May 11, 2015 
Gregory Guy Nadeau, of Maine, to be Adminis-
trator of the Federal Highway Administration. 
Ann Calvaresi Barr, of Maryland, to be Inspector 
General, United States Agency for International De-velopment. 
1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S2766 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-
tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 
Katherine Simonds Dhanani, of Florida, to be 
Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Somalia, which was sent to the Senate on February 25, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S2766 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2757–58 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2759–61 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2761–62 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2754–57 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2763 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—175)                                                         Pages S2750–51 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:53 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, May 12, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2764.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
AUTHORIZATION—DEFENSE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland 
met in closed session and approved for full com-mittee consideration, those provisions which fall within the jurisdiction of the subcommittee, of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fis-cal year 2016. 
U.S.-CHINA CIVIL NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a closed hearing to examine the commercial, polit-ical, and security implications of the United States- China Civil Nuclear Agreement, after receiving testi-mony from Thomas M. Countryman, Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of International Security and Non-proliferation, and Susan Thornton, Deputy Assistant Secretary for East Asian and Pacific Affairs, both of the Department of State; Lieutenant General Frank G. Klotz, USAF (Ret.), Under Secretary for Nuclear Security and Administrator, and Admiral John M. Richardson, Deputy Administrator, Office of Naval Reactors, both of the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration, Department of Energy; and Maureen Smith, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Analysis, International Trade Adminis-tration. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, May 12, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
MAY 12, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Financial 
Services and General Government, to hold hearings to ex-amine proposed budget estimates and justification for fis-cal year 2016 for the Federal Communications Commis-sion, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on SeaPower, 
closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, closed business 
meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National De-fense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 11 a.m., SR–222. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11MY5.REC D11MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D516 May 11, 2015 
Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, 
business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 2 p.m., SD–106. 
Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, 
business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 3:30 p.m., SD–106. 
Subcommittee on Personnel, business meeting to mark-
up those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2016, 5:30 p.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine S. 883, to facilitate the reestablishment of domestic, critical mineral designation, assessment, pro-duction, manufacturing, recycling, analysis, forecasting, workforce, education, and research capabilities in the United States, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the civil nuclear agreement with China, focusing on balancing potential risks and rewards, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the implementation and future of the Veterans Choice Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
36, the ‘‘Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act’’; and H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’ (General Debate), 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of May 11 through May 15, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , Senate will be in a period of morning 
business until 12:30 p.m. At 2:30 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1314, Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to Appeal Act. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: May 14, 
to hold hearings to examine regulatory issues impacting end-users and market liquidity, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Appropriations: May 12, Subcommittee on 
Financial Services and General Government, to hold hear-ings to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2016 for the Federal Communications 
Commission, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. 
May 13, Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, 
Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Bureau of Land Management, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
May 14, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Na-tional Labor Relations Board, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
Committee on Armed Services: May 11, Subcommittee on 
Airland, closed business meeting to markup those provi-sions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fis-cal year 2016, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. 
May 12, Subcommittee on SeaPower, closed business 
meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National De-fense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. 
May 12, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, closed 
business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 11 a.m., SR–222. 
May 12, Subcommittee on Readiness and Management 
Support, business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 2 p.m., SD–106. 
May 12, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Ca-
pabilities, business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 3:30 p.m., SD–106. 
May 12, Subcommittee on Personnel, business meeting 
to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 5:30 p.m., SD–106. 
May 13, Full Committee, closed business meeting to 
markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. 
May 14, Full Committee, closed business meeting to 
continue to markup the proposed National Defense Au-thorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. 
May 15, Full Committee, closed business meeting to 
continue to markup the proposed National Defense Au-thorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: May 12, to 
hold hearings to examine S. 883, to facilitate the reestab-lishment of domestic, critical mineral designation, assess-ment, production, manufacturing, recycling, analysis, forecasting, workforce, education, and research capabilities in the United States, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
May 14, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
S. 411, to authorize the approval of natural gas pipelines and establish deadlines and expedite permits for certain natural gas gathering lines on Federal land and Indian land, S. 485, to prohibit the use of eminent domain in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11MY5.REC D11MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D517 May 11, 2015 
carrying out certain projects, S. 1017, to amend the Fed-
eral Power Act to improve the siting of interstate electric transmission facilities, S. 1037, to expand the provisions for termination of mandatory purchase requirements under the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, S. 1196, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to grant rights-of-ways on Federal land, S. 1201, to advance the integration of clean distributed energy into electric grids, S. 1202, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to as-sist States in adopting updated interconnection procedures 
and tariff schedules and standards for supplemental, backup, and standby power fees for projects for combined heat and power technology and waste heat to power tech-nology, S. 1207, to direct the Secretary of Energy to es-tablish a grant program under which the Secretary shall make grants to eligible partnerships to provide for the transformation of the electric grid by the year 2030, S. 1210, to provide for the timely consideration of all li-censes, permits, and approvals required under Federal law with respect to oil and gas production and distribution, S. 1213, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 and the Federal Power Act to facilitate the free market for distributed energy resources, S. 1217, to establish an Interagency Rapid Response Team for Trans-mission, to establish an Office of Transmission Ombudsperson, S. 1219, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to provide for the safe and reliable interconnection of distributed resources and to provide for the examination of the effects of net meter-ing, S. 1220, to improve the distribution of energy in the United States, S. 1225, to improve Federal land manage-ment, resource conservation, environmental protection, and use of Federal real property, by requiring the Sec-retary of the Interior to develop a multipurpose cadastre of Federal real property and identifying inaccurate, dupli-cate, and out-of-date Federal land inventories, S. 1227, to require the Secretary of Energy to develop an implemen-tation strategy to promote the development of hybrid micro-grid systems for isolated communities, S. 1228, to require approval for the construction, connection, oper-ation, or maintenance of oil or natural gas pipelines or electric transmission facilities at the national boundary of the United States for the import or export of oil, natural gas, or electricity to or from Canada or Mexico, S. 1231, to require congressional notification for certain Strategic Petroleum Reserve operations and to determine options available for the continued operation of the Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve, S. 1232, to amend the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 to modify provisions relating to smart grid modernization, S. 1233, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to ex-pand the electric rate-setting authority of States, S. 1237, to amend the Natural Gas Act to limit the authority of the Secretary of Energy to approve certain proposals relat-ing to export activities of liquefied natural gas terminals, S. 1242, to amend the Natural Gas Act to require the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to consider re-gional constraints in natural gas supply and whether a proposed LNG terminal would benefit regional consumers of natural gas before approving or disapproving an appli-cation for the LNG terminal, and S. 1243, to facilitate 
modernizing the electric grid, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Finance: May 14, to hold hearings to ex-
amine a pathway to improving care for Medicare patients with chronic conditions, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: May 11, to hold closed 
hearings to examine the commercial, political, and secu-rity implications of the U.S.-China Civil Nuclear Agree-ment, 6 p.m., SH–219. 
May 12, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the civil nuclear agreement with China, focusing on bal-ancing potential risks and rewards, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. 
May 13, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
safeguarding American interests in the East and South China Seas, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. 
May 14, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and 
International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to ex-amine cybersecurity, focusing on setting the rules for re-sponsible global cyber behavior, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
May 13, to hold hearings to examine securing the border, focusing on fencing, infrastructure, and technology force 
multipliers, 2 p.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: May 13, business meeting 
to consider S. 986, to require the Secretary of the Interior to take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the benefit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to ex-amine the Bureau of Indian Education, focusing on orga-nizational challenges in transforming educational oppor-tunities for Indian children, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: May 13, to hold hearings to 
examine protecting the constitutional right to counsel for indigents charged with misdemeanors, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
May 14, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: May 12, to hold hearings 
to examine the implementation and future of the Vet-erans Choice Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
May 13, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
pending benefits legislation, 3 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: May 12, to receive a 
closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
May 14, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing 
on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, May 13, Subcommittee on 
Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research, hearing to re-view the federal coordination and response regarding pol-linator health, 1:30 p.m., 1300 Longworth. 
May 14, Full Committee, markup on a bill to reau-
thorize the CFTC, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, May 13, Full Committee, 
markup on Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill for FY 2016, 10:15 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
May 14, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, 
and Related Agencies, markup on Commerce, Justice, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11MY5.REC D11MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D518 May 11, 2015 
Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 
2016, 10:30 a.m., H–140 Capitol. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, May 14, Full 
Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Federal Government’s Mismanagement of Native American Schools’’, 10:30 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, May 13, Sub-
committee on Energy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘Dis-cussion Drafts Addressing Hydropower Regulatory Mod-ernization and FERC Process Coordination under the Natural Gas Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
May 13, Subcommittee on Communications and Tech-
nology, hearing entitled ‘‘Stakeholder Perspectives on the IANA Transition’’, 2 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
May 15, Subcommittee on Environment and the Econ-
omy, hearing entitled ‘‘Update on the Current State of Nuclear Waste Management Policy’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. 
May 15, Subcommittee on Communications and Tech-
nology, hearing entitled ‘‘FCC Reauthorization: Improv-ing Commission Transparency Part II’’, 9:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, May 13, Subcommittee 
on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Dodd-Frank Act and Regulatory Overreach’’, 9:30 a.m., HVC–210. 
May 13, Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Gov-
ernment Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘Legisla-tive Proposals to Enhance Capital Formation and Reduce Regulatory Burdens, Part II’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. 
May 14, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting 
Consumers: Financial Data Security in the Age of Com-puter Hackers’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
May 14, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, 
hearing entitled ‘‘TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure: Ex-amining the Costs and Benefits of Changes to the Real Estate Settlement Process’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, May 13, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Ancient Communities Under Attack: ISIS’s War on Religious Minorities’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Ray-burn. 
May 14, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing 
U.S. Economic Interests in Asia’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Ray-burn. 
May 14, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Energy Revolution in the Western Hemisphere: Opportunities and Challenges for the U.S.’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
May 14, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, 
Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, markup on H.R. 2140, to promote freedom, human rights, and the rule of law as part of United States-Viet-nam relations; and H. Res. 213, condemning the April 2015 terrorist attack at the Garissa University College in Garissa, Kenya, and reaffirming the United States support for the people and Government of Kenya, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
May 14, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, 
Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘A Pathway to Freedom: Rescue and Refuge for Sex Trafficking Victims’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 
Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, May 13, Subcommittee 
on Oversight and Management Efficiency, markup on H.R. 1615, the ‘‘DHS FOIA Efficiency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1626, the ‘‘DHS IT Duplication Reduction Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1633, the ‘‘DHS Paid Administrative Leave Accountability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1640, the ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security Headquarters Consolidation Accountability Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1646, the ‘‘Homeland Security Drone Assessment and Analysis 
Act’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
May 14, Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, 
Response, and Communications, markup on H.R. 1300, the ‘‘First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act’’; H.R. 2200, the ‘‘CBRN Intelligence and Information Sharing Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2206, the ‘‘State Wide Inter-operable Communications Enhancement Act’’ or the ‘‘SWIC Enhancement Act’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, May 13, Subcommittee on 
Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘Stakeholder Perspectives on ICANN: The .Sucks Domain and Essential Steps to Guarantee Trust and Ac-countability in the Internet’s Operation’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
May 15, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Com-
mercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Antitrust Enforcement Agencies’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, May 13, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Obama Administration’s CEQ Recently Revised Draft Guidance for GHG Emis-sions and the Effects of Climate Change’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
May 14, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Litigation and Increased Planning’s Impact on Our Nation’s Overgrown, Fire-Prone National Forests’’, 9:30 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
May 14, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-
sources, hearing on H.R. 1644, the ‘‘Supporting Trans-parent Regulatory and Environmental Actions in Mining Act’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
May 14, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska 
Native Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Inadequate Standards for Trust Land Acquisition in the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, May 13, 
Full Committee, markup on a bill to clarify the effective date of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014; and hearing entitled ‘‘Transportation Security: Are Our Airports Safe?’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
May 13, Subcommittee on National Security; and Sub-
committee on the Interior, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The EMP Threat: The State of Preparedness Against the Threat of an Electromagnetic Pulse (EMP) Event’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
May 14, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Secret 
Service: Accountability for March 4, 2015 Misconduct’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, May 13, Full Committee, hearing 
on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Mar 01, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\D11MY5.REC D11MY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D519 May 11, 2015 
for Fiscal Year 2016’’ (Amendment Consideration); and 
H.R. 1806, the ‘‘America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, May 13, Sub-
committee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Nuclear Energy Innovation and the National Labs’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Ray-burn. 
May 13, Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Spurring 
Private Aerospace Competitiveness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1508, the ‘‘Space Resource Explo-ration and Utilization Act of 2015’’; the ‘‘Commercial Remote Sensing Act of 2015’’; and the ‘‘Office of Space Commerce Act’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, May 13, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Bridging the Small Business Capital Gap: Peer-to-Peer Lending’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, May 13, 
Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials, hearing entitled ‘‘The 35th Anniversary of the Staggers Rail Act: Railroad Deregulation Past, Present, 
and Future’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
May 14, Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime 
Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Coast Guard Major Ac-quisitions’’, 10:30 a.m., 2253 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, May 13, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the Promise and Progress of the Choice Program’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
May 14, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-
tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Waste, Fraud, and Abuse in VA’s Purchase Card Program’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
May 14, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and 
Memorial Affairs, markup on pending legislation, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
May 15, Subcommittee on Health, markup on pending 
legislation; hearing entitled ‘‘Overcoming Barriers to More Efficient and Effective VA Staffing’’, 9:45 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11MY5.REC D11MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD520 May 11, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, May 12 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business until 12:30 p.m. At 2:30 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1314, Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to Appeal Act. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Tuesday, May 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 May 12, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D11MY5.REC D11MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST