Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9083 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 2015 No. 178 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
December 9, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable C HARLES J. 
‘‘CHUCK ’’ FLEISCHMANN to act as Speaker pro 
tempore on this day. 
PAULD. R YAN, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
MICHAEL HAROLD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
one of my pleasures in public service is the opportunity to work with some ex-traordinarily motivated and talented staff. Nowhere in my career has it been more evident than here on Capitol Hill. 
The joy of working with smart, dedi-
cated, committed young people, often under very difficult, even chaotic, situ-ations, who are here because they make a difference, brightens every day 
I work here. 
There are inevitably bittersweet mo-
ments when it is time for some trusted members of your team to move on to other careers, graduate school, or move to follow their families. Today in my office we are celebrating one such mo-ment. 
Michael Harold has been in our office 
for over 7 years in positions of increas-ing responsibility until ultimately be-coming our Legislative Director. 
He is preparing to leave for graduate 
school. Long before he assumed the management of our legislative oper-ations, Michael had made significant impacts far beyond my office. One spe-cific area that he carved out was inter-national water and sanitation. 
Thanks to Michael’s heroic efforts on 
the Paul Simon Water for the World Act and dealing with funding for re-lated programs, literally millions of lives will be saved. 
Another key achievement has been 
Mr. Harold’s personal commitment to the Special Immigrant Visa Program to protect those Iraqis and Afghans who put their lives on the line to help American personnel as drivers, inter-preters and guides under the most dif-ficult of circumstances. 
Michael understood and fought for 
their protection to avoid leaving those who are relying on us to the tender mercies of the Taliban and al Qaeda. 
Now, one would think that that 
would be a relatively simple issue. They risked their lives to help us. We made a commitment to protect them. But it became hopelessly confused and complex, with frayed nerves, long hours, and frustration. 
Now, unlike his work on inter-
national water and sanitation, which was massive, long term, and dealt with millions of people he would never meet, this was intensely personal. 
There were a few thousand people, 
having been confronted with the most personal and searing examples, often 
on a one-on-one basis. But whether it was saving millions with water policies or saving thousands with Special Im-migrant Visas, Michael was relentless. He managed key efforts on public broadcasting and started our Neuro-science Caucus. I could go on and on. 
He was resolute, focused, and deter-
mined. He built a network of partners at the staff level with legislative lead-ership, with the committee staff, and other member offices in both the House and the Senate. 
It was a textbook example of how 
progress on often overlooked sets of issues have profound consequences for the United States’ credibility, our moral standing, and for future genera-tions around the world. 
Michael and his wife Brynne are pur-
suing new academic and career oppor-tunities in Boston that will make them more effective in the long run, but also enable the ability to share their atti-tude and experience and effectiveness, the results of his model, that so much of the public will never see that takes place behind the scenes. 
While Members are obviously essen-
tial to the process, it is absolutely crit-ical that men and women like Michael Harold make it happen. 
It has been amazingly satisfying for 
me to watch Michael progress profes-sionally, to marry, start a family, all the while advancing some of the most consequential actions in Congress. 
Everyone who works with Michael 
Harold knows what he has done and ap-preciates all his special efforts to make the world and Capitol Hill a better place. 
f 
PENNSYLVANIA HUNTERS 
SHARING THE HARVEST 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.000 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9084 December 9, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an important program which is assist-ing needy Pennsylvanians at a pivotal time of the year. 
In my State, this is deer season, with 
hundreds of thousands of Pennsylva-nians estimated to participate through the end of this week. 
It is also the holiday season, which 
is, of course, a very difficult time for people across the Commonwealth who are less fortunate. 
This is why the Hunters Sharing the 
Harvest is so important. Through this program, hunters across Pennsylvania can take a deer they have harvested to a participating meat processing facil-ity, and it will be donated to a food pantry, a soup kitchen, or other orga-nization which assists the needy. 
This program is in its 24th year of as-
sisting people across the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania. One deer alone can provide enough meat for up to 200 meals. Last year more than 2,300 deer were donated, amounting to nearly 100,000 pounds of venison. 
This is a season of giving, and I am 
proud of the hunters, the meat proc-essing facilities, and charitable organi-zations across Pennsylvania who are participating in this program. 
f 
THE URGENT NEED FOR CONGRES-
SIONAL ACTION ON PUERTO RICO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, as my 
colleagues are aware, the heavily in-debted U.S. territory of Puerto Rico is ensnared in a severe economic crisis. 
My constituents are not responsible 
for this crisis, but they are its primary victims. I know they would prefer to live, work, and raise a family in Puerto Rico, but thousands are departing for the States every month in search of quality of life, which is not available in Puerto Rico. Each time an individual leaves because they feel compelled to go, it represents a small human trag-edy. 
I have participated in five congres-
sional hearings on Puerto Rico this year. The message I delivered about the roots of the crisis was clear and consistent. I have acknowledged that, over the years, Puerto Rico’s leaders, with a few exceptions, have dem-onstrated a lack of discipline and transparency in managing Puerto Rico’s public finances. For this, we have no one to blame but ourselves. 
But, as I have reiterated time and 
again, the crisis has a second, equally significant source. It is the relation-ship between the Federal Government and Puerto Rico, which is like the rela-tionship between a master and his serv-ant. 
This relationship is a national dis-
grace. It denies my constituents, countless numbers of whom have served this country in uniform, the fundamental right to vote for their na-
tional leaders. Remember this the next time you hear our country lecture an-other country about the importance of democracy. 
As an advocate for statehood for 
Puerto Rico, I am a proud American citizen. But protesting the mistreat-ment of my people will always take precedence over being polite. 
The relationship between the Federal 
Government and Puerto Rico allows you to treat us decently when it suits you and to treat us poorly whenever it does not. We live at your whim, subject to your impulses, which are bound by virtually no legal rules or moral stand-ards. 
If there is a silver lining in this cri-
sis, it is that the crisis has caused a clear majority of my constituents to conclude that the relationship between the Federal Government and Puerto Rico must change. 
Puerto Rico must have equality in 
this Union or independence outside of it. No longer should we be reduced to begging this Congress for crumbs and hoping you throw some our way. We must get off our knees, stand up straight, look you in the eye, and say ‘‘No more.’’ 
However, until Puerto Rico becomes 
a State or a sovereign nation, our fate rests largely in the hands of Congress. I have introduced a series of bills that would empower Puerto Rico to help itself. These bills don’t seek a handout or special treatment. They seek the same or similar treatment as the States receive under the Federal health and other safety net programs, Federal tax credit programs, and the Federal law that authorizes debt restructuring. 
If Congress declines to act, it will not 
be because my colleagues did not have options to choose from. It will be be-cause they made a conscious decision not to choose at all. 
Federal action is necessary to pre-
vent a default by the Puerto Rico Gov-ernment on its obligations to creditors, which would be catastrophic for all parties. To avoid this outcome, Con-gress should authorize Puerto Rico to restructure a meaningful portion of its bonded debt, but in a way that honors the territory’s constitution. 
Such authority can be provided at no 
cost to American taxpayers. If it is, I will not oppose the creation of a tem-porary, independent board that re-spects the Puerto Rico Government’s primary role in crafting its budget and making fiscal policy, but that is au-thorized to ensure that the Puerto Rico Government complies with appropriate budgeting standards and fiscal metrics. 
Ultimately, what Puerto Rico needs 
is good elected leadership, not heavy- handed Federal intervention that fur-ther erodes democracy in the territory. 
It is in the national interest for Con-gress to act and to act now. 
f 
OBAMACARE IS COSTING JOBS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, just this 
past week the nonpartisan Congres-sional Budget Office confirmed again what we already knew: ObamaCare is costing jobs. Yes, 2 million of them over the next 10 years, to be exact. 
But those aren’t just numbers. Rep-
resented within this study are real peo-ple whose lives and livelihoods are being upended by a Government- knows-best law that, more than 5 years later, still remains underwater with the American public. 
We saw a real-life picture of the dam-
age of ObamaCare in my home State of Tennessee when a Music City institu-tion, the Noshville Deli, announced this week that it would close its doors after 19 years because of the onerous mandates and high cost of this law. 
The restaurant’s owner, Tom 
Loventhal, said this: The administra-tive time and cost of managing a man-dated healthcare insurance in the res-taurant industry create an untenable burden, and that’s before the cost of premiums. 
He goes on to say: I’ve spent many 
hours, including some sleepless nights, trying to find a solution, but I can’t find one. 
Mr. Speaker, the Noshville Deli is 
one of a kind, but, sadly, its story is not. It is being repeated across the country every single day. 
While I continue to believe that the 
only real solution to the damage of ObamaCare is to repeal this law, root and branch, I am pleased that the House and the Senate have passed a 
reconciliation bill combating the most onerous portions of this law. 
When we put this bill on the Presi-
dent’s desk, I hope he will think of the real people, like Tom and the employ-ees there at the restaurant, who are being hurt by ObamaCare. 
b1015 
The next time that my colleagues 
across the aisle want to call ObamaCare a jobs bill, as Leader P
ELOSI infamously said, I would invite 
them to come to the Noshville Deli, where they can get a good meal and a healthy dose of reality. But they had better do it quickly because, thanks to their votes, time for this beloved Nash-ville icon is running out. 
f 
DENYING FIREARMS AND EXPLO-
SIVES TO DANGEROUS TERROR-ISTS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, we are ap-
proaching the third anniversary of the day 20 6- and 7-year-old children and 6 brave educators were gunned down at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in my district in Newtown, Connecticut. 
Many advocates and families from 
Newtown are here in Washington this week. They are joining with survivors and families of victims all across America. We are holding a vigil to-night—the third, sadly. The third an-nual national vigil to end gun violence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.003 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9085 December 9, 2015 
will be held at St. Mark’s Church near 
Capitol Hill. The vigil will be held from 7 to 8:30 p.m., and I encourage all of my colleagues and staff members to join us. 
Mr. Speaker, the Members of this 
House should spend more time with the families and victims of gun violence. I say that because, in the 3 years since the shootings at Sandy Hook, the ma-jority of this House hasn’t even al-lowed a single vote—not one vote—on gun safety legislation. It has now be-come the habit that, after every new, tragic mass shooting that claims the lives of more innocent Americans, this House merely acknowledges a moment of silence and then goes back to busi-ness as usual. 
I am heartsick, and I am outraged. 
Every time one of these mass shootings happens, people are retraumatized in my communities: the families, the first responders who went into the school, all of us. It is appalling and it is unac-ceptable that this keeps happening in America, and this Congress, the Amer-ican Congress, does nothing. 
Mr. Speaker, the time has passed for 
moments of silence. It is time for days of action. As vice chair of the House Gun Violence Prevention Task Force, I am working on several commonsense measures, bills that would help prevent gun violence in this country while re-specting and protecting the Second Amendment. It is time for congres-sional leaders to bring these bills to the floor to allow a vote. 
The cost of the inaction is being paid 
by American families all across this great Nation. The families of victims and survivors of gun violence deserve a vote. They deserve a vote on a bipar-tisan bill that will close background check loopholes and save lives. They deserve a vote on legislation to end the prohibition on Federal research fund-ing for public health research on our gun violence epidemic, and they de-serve a vote on a bipartisan bill this week to close the loophole that allows suspected terrorists to walk into a gun shop and legally buy a weapon. 
More than 2,000 suspects on the FBI 
terrorist watch list have successfully bought guns in the United States in the past 11 years. I am a cosponsor of the Republican bill to fix this. H.R. 1076, the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act, would bar the sale or distribution of firearms to anyone the Attorney General has de-termined to be engaged in terrorist ac-tivities. 
The time for silence is over. We in 
Congress have a sworn duty to protect and defend the American people, but that is not what we are doing when we observe a moment of silence and do nothing. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House bring up H.R. 1076, the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the House is in session sole-ly for the purpose of conducting morn-
ing-hour debate. Therefore, that unani-mous consent request cannot be enter-tained. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I will there-
fore stand quietly for the remainder of my time to protest the appalling si-lence and inaction of this House’s re-fusal to take meaningful action to pro-tect the American people from the rav-ages of gun violence. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
f 
HONORING KIRK P. GREGG UPON 
HIS RETIREMENT AS EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF AD-MINISTRATIVE OFFICER, COR-NING INCORPORATED 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to talk about a great company in my district, Corning Incorporated, an American company that has risen over its 164-year history to become one of the most innovative manufacturers in the world. But, Mr. Speaker, in par-ticular, I rise to take a moment to honor one of the individuals of that company that has made it one of the leading manufacturers across the world. That individual is Kirk Gregg, Corning’s executive vice president and chief administrative officer, who is re-tiring from the company after 22 years of executive leadership. 
Over his tenure, Kirk has made an 
enormous contribution to the com-pany’s success and to the community’s development. I am most grateful to Kirk for his unparalleled commitment to the community. He has had an enor-mously positive impact on our con-stituents and our extended family who live in the district. 
Mr. Speaker, Kirk joined Corning in 
1993 and was named chief administra-tive officer in 2002. The same year, he was appointed to serve on Corning’s management committee, a small, very senior group of executives who lead the company on a day-to-day basis. Over the last decade, Kirk has risen up the corporate ladder to become the third highest ranking executive in the com-pany. 
As chief administrative officer, Kirk 
has built the core infrastructure that makes Corning efficient and effective. He has had global responsibility for the corporate staff, including human re-sources, information technology, sup-ply management, transportation, busi-ness services, community relations, government affairs, and aviation—a long list indeed. In total, he has man-aged over $1 billion annually in cor-porate infrastructure, making Cor-ning’s staff one of the top performers among its peers in the country’s cor-porate community. 
It has been Kirk’s work for the com-
munity that distinguishes him among the corporate leaders and for which I am most grateful. He has played a huge role in meeting the needs of New 
York’s southern tier. For 17 years, he chaired the Three Rivers Development board, attracting tens of millions of dollars of investment to diversify the local community and create jobs. For 15 years, he led the Corning Classic LPGA tournaments, raising millions of dollars for our area hospitals. And statewide, he served for a decade on the board of directors for the Business Council of New York State, 2 years as the board’s chairman. Last, but not least, he has been an enthusiastic sup-porter of our local charities, cultural institutions, and human service organi-zations. 
Mr. Speaker, every Member of Con-
gress seeks the perspective of people with broad insight into and who would contribute generously to the commu-nities we represent. For me, Kirk is one of those rare people. He under-stands the people, the community, and the responsibility that corporate lead-ers have to support their local institu-tions. At the same time, Kirk is mod-est and self-effacing. Kirk is one of those people who works quietly and ef-fectively to make our communities better. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very happy to call 
Kirk Gregg my friend. I know that I speak for the entire southern tier-Cor-ning, New York, community when I thank him for his citizenship and serv-ice. We wish him and his wife, Penny, the very best in a well-deserved retire-ment. May they enjoy many more happy days entering this new chapter in their great lives. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE IS THE GREAT-
EST THREAT TO OUR PLANET 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, as the 
world looks to its leaders convened in Paris this month to act on the greatest threat to our planet, I rise today in support of a strong and fair global cli-mate agreement. Now is the time to demonstrate our leadership and our ob-ligation to the security and protection of our communities and our economy by committing to a robust agreement that puts us on a safer path for future generations. 
Last week, Mr. Speaker, House Re-
publicans showed the American people, once again, where they stand when it comes to tackling the threat of climate change. By casting political votes against the Clean Power Plan, their message is loud and clear that any meaningful action will be met with at-tacks and political theater. 
Mr. Speaker, political theater does 
nothing to stop rising sea levels, ex-treme weather, and land erosion. Fail-ure to act will risk American economic prosperity and will disproportionately impact the poorest and most vulner-able communities across our Nation. 
In the American Southwest, Latino 
and African American populations are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.004 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9086 December 9, 2015 
more vulnerable to heat exposure and 
heat stress due to factors like sub-standard housing and the lack of af-fordable utility costs. Native American communities face additional unique challenges. They rely directly on nat-ural resources for food, medicine, and jobs, all of which are expected to be negatively affected by climate change. These communities have all called for action on a national and international scale, and we must listen. 
Mr. Speaker, my Democratic col-
leagues on the Natural Resources Com-mittee have called on the Republican leadership to tackle this problem. But time and time again, we have been met with silence and inaction when it comes to discussing and acting on these critical issues. We must do bet-ter. Around the world, nations are looking to the United States for leader-ship on this serious issue. We must step up and join other nations who have al-ready made commitments to act on cli-mate change. 
The facts are clear: Action on cli-
mate change will not undermine our economy; it will support economic growth. In fact, acting will produce real benefits for our environment and our economy, including new businesses, better jobs, lower poverty, and reduced mortality rates. And businesses agree. 
Last week, in a full-page ad in The 
Wall Street Journal, over 100 top com-panies, including Coca-Cola, Microsoft, Sprint, and DuPont, all called for strong action to tackle climate change in order to minimize climate risk and boost the economy. These businesses recognize what I hear from folks in my district from Phoenix and across Ari-zona: The time to act is now. We must build on the progress made in Paris. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand with the sci-
entific, environmental, and public health communities who all agree that Paris must be the floor, not the ceiling, of our ambition. If the world takes a step forward in Paris, our partners will be prepared to build stronger climate policies and agreements moving for-ward. Local governments, States, and businesses will be empowered to reaf-firm their commitments to low-carbon pathways for decades to come. 
Some argue that America cannot 
lead on climate. Mr. Speaker, America led the way into space, to the creation of the Internet and computers, to cellphones and so much more. We can and must lead into this new energy fu-ture. Our innovations and our leader-ship are going to fuel a cleaner and safer environment and economy, and our policies must reflect these reali-ties. 
When future generations look back 
on the progress made in Paris, I hope it will be to thank us for what we have accomplished in order to leave them a healthier and safer environment. Let’s not let politics and grandstanding pre-vent us from taking responsibility for the planet we are leaving behind for our children and our grandchildren. MENTAL ILLNESS AND GUN 
VIOLENCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, next week is the third anni-versary of the sad tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School; but it is also time to recall all those other cities in America where tragedies have oc-curred: Tucson, Colorado Springs, La-fayette, Charlotte, Chattanooga, Dal-las, Houston, Roseburg, Isla Vista, the Navy Yard, and closer to my district in Pittsburgh, Franklin Regional High School. 
What is common among these trage-
dies is the lives lost. I keep in my of-fice photographs of some of the chil-dren whose lives were lost at Sandy Hook—Benjamin Andrew Wheeler, Dylan Hockley, and Daniel Barden—as well as those of teachers and other peo-ple from the school. A day doesn’t go by that I greet them in the morning and throughout the day and remember their lives, snuffed out too early. 
But, sadly, the body count is more 
than just them when it comes to deal-ing with what people with severe men-tal illness and violence do. The body count this year is amazing. There will be 41,000 suicide deaths, 43,000 deaths from drug overdose, perhaps 1,000 to 1,500 homicides, perhaps a couple hun-dred people who encounter the police and are mentally ill and end up with their death, an unknown number of homeless who die that slow-motion death of homelessness, and those who are mentally ill that die 25 years soon-er because of other chronic illness. 
The body count this year will be 
greater than the U.S. combat deaths in Korea and Vietnam combined. Will that wake us up to do something in this Chamber? 
b1030 
There are several things we must do: 
We must reform the agency called 
SAMHSA, which has used Federal money over the years for the most lu-dicrous and preposterous things; from designing art for pillowcases to col-lages and other aspects. We must re-form the 112 Federal agencies that we pump money into every year to deal with mental illness. We have to deal with the shortage of beds. We have to get rid of the same-day doctor rule. We have to bring in more psychiatrists and psychologists who can provide treat-ment. We have to provide more early intervention and prevention, a greater workforce. And this Chamber has to stop postponing action on reforming our mental health system and bring to the floor H.R. 2646. 
I have been working with a wide 
range of Democrats and Republicans over the last couple of years to reform this bill, revise it, and perfect it. But at some point, if we are serious about helping those with serious mental ill-ness, we have to bring it for action. Part of what happened is we closed 
all these asylums years ago and thought that if we provided some treat-ment for people, things would get bet-ter. States failed to provide that treat-ment. We shut down hundreds of thou-sands of psychiatric hospital beds and leave people still dumped into a system where they don’t get care. 
Our current mental health system is 
hugely discriminatory. The most fun-damental, dangerous, and destructive hidden undercurrent of prejudice is low expectations; that your disability is as good as it gets. The shift to consider changes in how we treat severe mental health is a pendulum swinging the other way. 
The grand experiment has failed of 
closing down all the institutional care and stopping all treatment. It is a prin-ciple that operated under the mis-guided self-centered and projected be-lief that all people at all times are fully capable of deciding their own fate and direction, regardless of their defi-cits and disease, and that the right to self-decay and the right to self-destruc-tion overrides the right to be healthy. 
Those children at Sandy Hook had 
rights. The people throughout the country who are mentally ill have the right to be well and not just the right to be sick. 
But to maintain the current philos-
ophy that many have, we abdicate comfortably our responsibility to ac-tion and live under the perverse redefi-nition that the most compassionate compassion is to do nothing at all. 
It further bolsters the most evil of 
prejudices that a person with disabil-ities deserves no more than what they are. Under that approach, no dreams, no aspirations, no goals to be better can even exist. Indeed, to help a person heal is a head-on collision with a big-oted belief that the severely mentally ill have no right to be better than they are and we have no obligation to help. 
This is the corrupt evil of the hands- 
up approach in the anti-treatment model. That perversion of thought is 
embedded in the glorification that to live a life of deterioration, paranoia, filth, squalor, and emotional torment trumps a healed brain and a true chance to choose a better life. 
We have to change this trajectory. 
When we leave for the holiday period here, we will go by another month be-fore we can bring this bill to the floor. Two hundred and forty people will die each day being a victim or perpetrator because of the mentally ill. For good-ness sake, if we are going to do any-thing to help this country, Mr. Speak-er, let’s bring H.R. 2646 for a vote on this floor and fix this problem in Amer-ica. 
f 
TERRORISM AND ISIS STRATEGY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to address the imminent danger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.005 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9087 December 9, 2015 
facing our Nation in the wake of the 
terrorist attacks in California. 
Earlier this week, the President ad-
dressed the country to talk about the impact of the Islamic State and the at-tacks in California. From what I saw, he gave his usual very brief and very naive analysis of the threat of global terrorism. Yet, once again, he still failed to provide any actual plan or strategy. 
He made very clear that he believes 
his plan is working. He talked a lot about how we would continue to do the same things we have been doing for months. Meanwhile, ISIS continues to grow, expanding their influence, and hitting targets far from their home in Syria. 
It is unfortunate that very few people 
I have spoken to feel surprised by the lack of focus and direction coming from the White House. This is the same President that has been dismantling our military piece by piece. He has con-tinued to push for unsustainably low funding for our military in favor of so-cial programs, while making dangerous deals that jeopardize the safety and se-curity of our Nation and our allies overseas. 
All the while, he claims to be putting 
the safety and security of the Amer-ican people first. It seems abundantly clear to me and the rest of the country that the most important thing to this President is his personal legacy of in-stituting social change and other lib-eral wish-list items. 
During the same address, where he 
claimed all of his plans were working and we should continue along the same course, he also argued that part of the solution to Muslim extremism was more gun control here in America. Ob-viously, the President’s memory is pretty weak. The Boston bombers did unthinkable harm with household items. The San Bernardino terrorists— yes, terrorists—had a dozen pipe bombs in their residence. These people are dedicated to destroying the West and instituting a caliphate. Do you really think that telling them that they can’t buy an AR–15 is going to stop them from hurting people? 
Let me be clear: this is not a gun 
issue. This is a terrorism issue. To combine the two is a blatant attempt to capitalize on a tragedy that should be looked at with disdain. But you never know. It wasn’t too long ago that Rahm Emanuel, former chief of staff to President Obama, would always remind his party to ‘‘never let a good crisis go to waste.’’ 
This isn’t the first time though. Last 
week, while everyone was talking about the terrorist attack in Cali-fornia—and despite pleas from the Ma-rine Corps to make exemptions to cer-tain military occupational special-ties—the Secretary of Defense made the historic, but unbelievably dan-gerous, decision to open all combat jobs to women. 
But if there is one thing the Presi-
dent loves to do, it is to ignore his sen-ior military leadership. Many people 
believe that the emergence of ISIS is directly related to his premature with-drawal from Iraq, and I agree. 
These are just a few examples of the 
AWOL nature of this President. But in this case, AWOL stands for ‘‘absent without leadership.’’ 
What happened in Paris and here in 
California was a brutal reminder of just how dedicated our enemy is in fighting this war against us. Yet, the President only acknowledges it as a setback, similar to how he refused to acknowledge ISIS at all over a year ago. And when he finally did, he brushed it off, calling them the JV team. The night before the Paris at-tacks, he stated that ISIS had been contained. 
This President is either delusional or 
unbelievably misinformed. Either way, it does not inspire confidence for the next year of his Presidency. Now here we are. He was wrong then, and he is wrong now. 
Mr. Speaker, while the President 
held his annual holiday ball on Monday night, I held a tele-town hall with my constituents. When asked if they felt more safe or less safe under this admin-istration’s handling of our national se-curity and foreign affairs, 92 percent of my constituents said they felt less safe, and 73 percent said that we should do anything in our power to destroy ISIS. I have got to say, this is a clear message that I think would resonate nationwide. 
Time and again, the President, our 
Commander in Chief, has proven to be oblivious to the real threat that ISIS poses to our national security. He said that what we are doing is working, when it is clearly not. 
Folks, we are under attack, and we 
cannot be afraid to call it what it is: This enemy is radical Muslim extre-mism. 
The American people don’t feel safe 
under this President’s failed policies. The time has come to change course in this new war against ISIS, secure our borders, halt the Syrian refugee pro-gram, and start listening to the Amer-ican people. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded not to engage in per-sonalities toward the President. 
f 
REMOVE ESSURE FROM THE 
MARKET 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to tell the story of Angie Firmalino of Tannersville, New York, one of the tens of thousands of women harmed by the permanent sterilization device, Essure. 
Essure is a nickel-based coil that is 
designed to be inserted into the fallo-pian tube and cause tissue scarring, leading to blockage of the tube. How-ever, tens of thousands of women have complained of terrible side effects and 
excruciating pain. Women have died. And when the device has failed and women have become pregnant, this de-vice has killed their unborn child. Yet, despite its failings, this device remains on the market with the full support of the Food and Drug Administration and industry. 
In 2009, 3 months after the birth of 
Angie and her husband’s last child, she underwent the Essure procedure. While the procedure itself was extremely painful, the pain didn’t stop when she went home, as she began having side ef-fects immediately thereafter. 
For almost 2 years, Angie suffered 
from a sharp, stabbing pain in her lower left side, back pain, heavy and constant bleeding, joint pains, fevers, fatigue, and depression. Her doctor re-assured her that it was just her body recovering from the pregnancy, C-sec-tion, and Essure procedure, and that she would eventually get back to her old self. That did not happen. 
In 2011, after nearly 2 years of pain 
and complications, Angie’s doctor or-dered an ultrasound to try to deter-mine a cause. What was discovered was shocking. An Essure coil had dislodged itself from her right fallopian tube and had become embedded in the wall of her uterus. Meanwhile, the left coil was almost completely expelled, but twist-ed and coiled. These were the causes of her pain. 
Overwhelmed and alone, Angie tried 
to comprehend the situation. She was never told that the coils could expel, migrate, or embed in other organs. She wondered how this could happen. Searching online for answers, she found little information and little comfort. 
It took Angie weeks after identifying 
the problem to find a doctor she felt comfortable with for the removal sur-gery. With no information available about Essure removal, Angie located a doctor who seemed to know what they were doing and seemed to have a plan for the device’s removal. Unfortu-nately, during the procedure, the Essure coils broke as they were re-moved, sending metal fragments, like shrapnel, further into her body. 
In the years since, Angie has under-
gone four surgeries directly resulting from Essure, and eventually lost her fallopian tubes, uterus, cervix, and one ovary. And as her joints mysteriously began deteriorating, she has undergone an additional three surgeries on her joints. 
Today, after a hysterectomy and sur-
gery after surgery, Angie still lives with daily, chronic pain, joint issues, and debilitating headaches. And while some of her pain may be gone, the emo-tional scars have stayed with her. 
At the age of 43, the mother of four, 
Angie says she is still not, nor will she ever be, her old self. But as a result of all this pain and suffering, she was able to do something pretty incredible: Angie started a Facebook group called the Essure Problems Group—something to fill the void that she found. It was a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.008 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9088 December 9, 2015 
place to tell her story and to see if oth-
ers had been impacted the same way that she had. 
Mr. Speaker, in the years since, this 
online community has surged to more than 24,000 members. Sadly, Angie now knows that she was not alone. Every day, this group connects women living through their own Essure nightmares; and every day, Angie is brought to tears at seeing the stories, many so similar to her own, of thousands of women around the country. Together with her Essure sisters, they now work 
toward one common goal: to remove this dangerous device from the market so that no more women are harmed. 
I am proud to rise today as a voice 
for these women, to tell the Chamber that their stories are real, their pain is real, their fight is real. If the manufac-turer or the regulatory industry tasked with oversight won’t act, then we, as representatives of the thousands of harmed women, must act. 
That is why I rise in support of the E- 
Free Act, a one-page bill to remove Essure from the market by forcing the Food and Drug Administration to re-voke the pre-market approval that let this product into the public back in 2002. 
Mr. Speaker, the E-Free Act can halt 
this tragedy. I urge my colleagues to join this fight because stories like Angie’s are too important to ignore. 
f 
HOLY ANGELS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize two fine institu-tions in my home community that I grew up in: Gaston County, North Carolina. I grew up in that community and spent most of my life living in Gas-ton County, and there is an incredible story. 
Beginning in 1955, a newborn baby 
named Maria Morrow was brought to the Sisters of Mercy’s motherhouse in Belmont, North Carolina. 
b1045 
Maria was born with severe physical 
disabilities, and her mother was over-whelmed and unable to care for her. The Sisters of Mercy nuns took Maria in, and, thus, Holy Angels was born. 
As word about Maria spread through-
out the community, State—and coun-try, in fact—more children with special needs began arriving at Holy Angels. As each new child arrived, the Sisters of Mercy worked to meet their needs. Funds were raised, and the necessary facilities were built. Over time, more professional nursing and medical staff were hired. Today, Holy Angels pro-vides full-time resident care as well as physical therapy, day programs, and vocational programs through their Cherubs Cafe and Life Choices loca-tions. 
Holy Angels’ CEO, Dr. Regina Moody, 
and her dedicated team of professionals continue to fulfill the promise that the 
Sisters of Mercy made when they took Maria in 60 years ago. That promise is now enshrined in Holy Angels’ motto: Loving, living, and learning for the dif-ferently able. 
Holy Angels has been serving those 
in need for 60 years, and their timeless spirit will be around forever in the families they have touched, in the lives they have touched, and in how they have helped shape our community in Gaston County. I honor Holy Angels, and I thank them for their service, not just for those people in their midst for whom they are providing care, but for what they mean to our community. 
TONY ’S ICE CREAM  
Mr. M CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, we also 
hear stories of small businesses being around for 10 or 20 or 30 years, and it is amazing, in and of itself, that a small business can survive that long. In my hometown of Gastonia, North Carolina, Tony’s Ice Cream has been a landmark for over 100 years. In fact, this year marks its 100th anniversary. 
In 1915, an Italian immigrant named 
Carmine Coletta began Tony’s as a horse-drawn wagon that served ice cream to those in Gastonia’s Loray Mill Village. Eventually, the first store was opened and took the name ‘‘Tony’s’’ in honor of Carmine’s broth-er-in-law, who managed the store. The current location was built in the 1930s and now is run by Carmine Coletta’s grandson and his children. Generations of Gaston County kids—me included— have grown up knowing there is no bet-ter milkshake than one from Tony’s. In fact, my favorite is chocolate. 
To the Coletta family, I thank them 
for their service to our community. Really, building an enduring institu-tion for a century is such a significant achievement, especially given the chal-lenges that we face as a country and with the economy. They have meant a lot to their employees. They have also meant so much to generations of chil-dren, like me and so many others, in what they have provided. 
I thank the Coletta family, and I 
honor them on their 100th anniversary. I also thank Holy Angels, on their 60th anniversary, for their significant con-tribution. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an amazing place 
in which to grow up, Gaston County. It has such great values and also wonder-ful institutions there that I learned so much from as a child, growing up there with my two brothers and two sisters and my parents, from whom I learned so much. So I take this moment to rec-ognize these fine institutions in Gaston County. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 48 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
OST) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Merciful God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
Recent events and current inter-
national tensions have many living in fear. Continue to be ‘‘God With Us’’ through these days of contentious de-bate around the issue of our security. 
As true statesmen and -women, may 
the Members of this assembly find the fortitude to make judgments to benefit all Americans at this time, and protect those who are vulnerable from those who would do them harm. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P IN-
GREE ) come forward and lead the House 
in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. PINGREE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.009 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9089 December 9, 2015 
FAREWELL, JACOB BARTON 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, today I am grateful to express my appreciation for Major Jacob Bar-ton. He has been serving in the office of South Carolina’s Second Congressional District on loan from the Army for the past year as a defense fellow. 
Major Barton enlisted in the United 
States Army in 1996 and quickly distin-guished himself, being commissioned as an intelligence officer in 2005. He served as a member of the 75th Ranger Regiment from 2006 to 2013, with 3 years’ service in Iraq. He is also an es-teemed scholar, earning two bachelor’s degrees, a master of arts in national se-curity, a master of professional studies in legislative affairs, and a doctor of philosophy in public policy administra-tion. Jacob’s extensive experience has been successful for the American peo-ple. 
Beginning in January, Mr. Speaker, 
Major Barton will serve as a legislative liaison within the program’s division of the Office of Chief Legislative Liaison, specifically working on the intel-ligence portfolio. I wish him and his wife, Darlene, and their four children, Douglas, Nya, Alyssa, and Jene, all the best in the future. Godspeed. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
FOOD RECOVERY ACT 
(Ms. PINGREE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, every 
day in kitchens across the country, someone pulls a can of soup right out of their cupboard or a box of pasta off the shelf. They look at the ‘‘best by’’ date on the package, and then they try to decide whether to throw it out or not. Is the food no good because it is past the date, or does it still have weeks or even years of shelf life left? 
Too often perfectly good food gets 
thrown out, contributing to the 40 per-cent of all food that is wasted every year in this country. Much of it ends up in a landfill, where it produces methane, a potent greenhouse gas. 
Currently, Mr. Speaker, there is no 
standard for date labeling, which is one reason I have introduced the Food Re-covery Act this week. My bill has near-ly two dozen proposals to reduce food waste, including a provision that would require manufacturers who do put a date on their food to include the words ‘‘manufacturer’s suggestion only.’’ It doesn’t mean that the food is bad just because the date has gone by. 
Mr. Speaker, if we cut food waste by 
just 15 percent and direct the food that would be wasted to those in need, we can reduce the number of Americans 
struggling with hunger by one-half. I urge my colleagues to join me to help reduce food waste in the United States. 
f 
GEORGE CANON AND FRED 
MONROE 
(Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor two giants of our Adi-rondack community. George Canon and Fred Monroe have led distinguished ca-reers fighting to protect their constitu-ents over the past quarter century. I had the honor of celebrating their pub-lic service at a meeting of the Adiron-dack Association of Towns and Villages just this past weekend, a critical orga-nization to our region that they helped create. 
Fred Monroe has been the supervisor 
of the town of Chester since 1992, over-seeing a cultural, commercial, and en-vironmental revitalization of the town and being one of our foremost leaders on the issue of combating invasive spe-cies. 
George Canon has been serving the 
town of Newcomb as supervisor for 13 terms, working to preserve the town’s history and architectural treasures, in-
cluding the Santanoni Great Camp. 
Mr. Speaker, these two men are true 
godfathers of the Adirondacks, and it is my pleasure to honor them and cele-brate their distinguished careers today. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
(Mr. KILMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, right 
now, representatives from 195 nations are gathered in Paris to talk about the future of this planet. I am hopeful that these climate talks produce a strong commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and tackle climate change, because the impacts of climate change have moved from theory to fact. 
Now, there are some in this building 
who still want to debate this. For those who want the Paris talks to fail, I have a simple request: Come. Come visit my region. Come to the Pacific Northwest. 
I would ask them to visit a tribal vil-
lage a stone’s throw away from the Pa-cific Ocean where water continues to rise toward homes, cultural centers, and sacred sites. I would ask them to come and visit with shellfish growers whose futures and the jobs that are tied to them are at risk because of changing ocean chemistry. I would ask them to talk to folks who are threat-ened every single year by wildfires. And I would ask them to talk to mili-tary leaders who view climate change as what they call a threat multiplier. 
For a brighter future for my daugh-
ters and for all of our children, it is a good thing that the United States and the rest of the world are taking steps to confront this challenge. JEWISH NATIONAL FUND 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize the Jewish National Fund, an organization that works tirelessly to advocate for the safety and security of the people of the State of Israel. 
Just one example of the amazing 
work that the JNF is doing is a pilot initiative to ensure the safety of the Israeli children in the town of Sderot. Residents of the town of Sderot have endured constant rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip. 
Children have grown up with the psy-
chological trauma that comes from liv-ing under the constant threat of at-tack. Because they must always be within about 15 to 30 seconds of a rock-et shelter, even an afternoon in the park is dangerous. 
In response, Mr. Speaker, the JNF 
built a 21,000-square-foot secure indoor playground at a community center in Sderot. The recreation center has pro-vided young people with a safe place to simply be kids again, and also it pro-vides parents with the peace of mind that their children are safe from ter-ror. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to con-
tinuing to work with the JNF and thank them for all that they do. 
f 
MODERN DINER 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, the 
Modern Diner in Pawtucket, Rhode Is-land, was recognized last week for its legendary custard French toast, which the Food Network named the best diner dish in America. 
Rhode Island is the birthplace of the 
diner, with the first horse-drawn can-teen established in Providence by Wal-ter Scott in the year 1872. 
Since 1940, Mr. Speaker, the Modern 
Diner has been a landmark for the city of Pawtucket. Situated in a vintage Sterling Streamliner, the Modern Diner is known for its breakfast spe-cials and great meals. 
In the late 1980s, it became the first 
diner to be placed on the National Reg-ister of Historic Places. Last week’s award told the world what Rhode Is-land already knows—that the Modern Diner and its offerings are second to none. 
Mr. Speaker, as a regular patron of 
this noteworthy establishment, I want to applaud Modern Diner owner Nick Demou on this significant recognition. I look forward to celebrating with him and his staff on my next visit to the Modern Diner. 
f 
HONORING VIRGINIA TECH’S 
COACH FRANK BEAMER 
(Mr. WITTMAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.012 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9090 December 9, 2015 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Virginia Tech’s Coach Frank Beamer, who, after 29 years, will retire at the end of this season as a football coach, mentor, friend, and role model on and off the field. 
Coach Beamer was a 3-year starting 
cornerback for the Hokies, and after taking over as the Hokies’ head coach in 1987, he built the football program at his alma mater into a national power. Coach Beamer stands as the winningest active Division I football coach and the sixth all-time, with 279 career wins. 
Mr. Speaker, during his 29 years at 
Virginia Tech, he has 237 victories and has guided the Hokies to four ACC ti-tles, 3 Big East championships, 6 ap-pearances in BCS bowl games, and has posted 13 seasons with 10 or more wins. At the end of this month, Virginia Tech will play in a bowl game for the 23rd consecutive year under Beamer’s lead, the longest current streak in col-lege football recognized by the NCAA. 
Beamer has been the face of the 
Hokie football team and the Virginia Tech community as a whole for many years, and he will certainly be missed. 
Thank you, Coach Beamer, for all 
that you have contributed to Virginia Tech, to Blacksburg, and to the game of college football. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF D. 
PATRICK CURLEY AND HIS 50 YEARS OF SERVICE TO WESTERN NEW YORK 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize the career of D. Patrick Cur-ley and his 50 years of service to west-ern New York. 
Pat Curley was born and raised in 
Buffalo. After a stop at Boston College to earn a mathematics degree, he re-
turned home and became an instructor at D’Youville and Canisius Colleges. 
In 1977, Pat started a consulting com-
pany where, for decades, he helped western New York businesses stay competitive in the global marketplace. 
Pat served on the board of the New 
York Power Authority and was elected to three terms on the Orchard Park Town Board. He has served in leader-ship positions for more than two dozen charitable organizations; and for the past 46 years, he has been a member of the Orchard Park Volunteer Fire Com-pany, where he has responded to more than 5,000 emergency calls. 
Pat has had a varied career, but the 
common thread in his life and his work has been his love for his family and western New York. 
So, Pat, on behalf of a grateful com-
munity, please enjoy your well-earned retirement. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS OSSEO HIGH 
SCHOOL FOOTBALL 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Osseo High School football team for winning the Minnesota State title with a tight vic-tory over East Ridge in the champion-ship game. 
The Orioles showed heart with close 
victories in both the semifinals and in the title game. With only 24 seconds left on the clock, Osseo scored the game-tying touchdown, and the suc-cessful extra point gave them the vic-tory and State championship. 
Osseo’s State run had the entire town 
buzzing as they sent off the team with a parade before the championship game. 
Mr. Speaker, winning a State title is 
only possible with years of dedication and hard work. At the same time, these student athletes must focus off the field as well, at the same time, in order to succeed in the classroom and make a positive impact in the school commu-nity. 
The families, friends, and fans of the 
players at Osseo High School should all be very proud of their fantastic season. 
Congratulations to the Orioles on 
their successful State championship. 
f 
b1215 
TAKE ACTION TO END GUN 
VIOLENCE IN OUR NATION 
(Mr. M CNERNEY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, last 
Wednesday, December 2, the Nation was devastated by another mass shoot-ing in San Bernardino, California. On December 2, there were three mass shootings in the United States. The fact that this violence is routine and ordinary is incomprehensible. 
Mr. Speaker, it is particularly in-
comprehensible that people who are on the no-fly list are able to legally pur-chase assault weapons. How is it that someone considered too dangerous to fly is able to purchase an assault weap-on? There is a solution, though, Mr. Speaker. A bill proposed by P
ETER  
KINGof New York will not allow people 
on the no-fly list to purchase weapons without a sufficient background check. 
Mr. Speaker, gun violence in our Na-
tion kills nearly 90 people every day, roughly 32,000 people a year. I am a gun owner, but there are reasonable ap-proaches to keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals while still protecting our Second Amendment rights. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support legislation that will end daily shootings and protect our citizens. 
f 
FRIVOLOUS ADJOURNMENT 
MOTIONS STALL HOUSE BUSINESS 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, respon-
sibly funding the government on time is one of the most basic and funda-mental tasks of Members of Congress. 
This entire year, Republicans have 
been at the table pushing the work through the committee process to de-termine how best to allocate this fund-ing. And coming into this week, there was healthy debate and negotiations on moving forward with these plans. 
However, yesterday, the partisan dia-
logue we witnessed from a number of my colleagues across the aisle was nothing more than a ruse. Five sepa-rate motions to adjourn in order to stall a bipartisan bill to tighten our visa system and protect our Nation’s security, with purely political proce-dural votes to push their own gun con-
trol agendas is simply ridiculous. It wasted at least 3 hours of legislative time. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a time when 
Americans need their Representatives to come to the table and stop letting politics get in the way of actually get-ting the people’s work done around this place. 
f 
DENYING FIREARMS AND EXPLO-
SIVES TO DANGEROUS TERROR-ISTS 
(Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to echo the demands of my col-leagues, on both sides of the aisle, for a vote on the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act of 2015. 
Passing this bill transcends politics. 
It is about ensuring the safety and se-curity of families, communities, and the country we represent. 
In the past 2 years, 94 percent of indi-
viduals we suspect of planning terror attacks have been able to successfully pass background checks and purchase deadly weapons. We are sitting idly by as those planning to do harm to our citizens obtain the tools to do just that. That we would choose to do noth-ing to stop it is simply unfathomable to me. 
We have a chance today to close a 
loophole in our laws before it is ex-ploited, before we find ourselves stand-ing on this floor once again for another moment of silence. The families who have lost loved ones to gun violence and the victims themselves deserve more than a deafening silence ema-nating from this Chamber. 
f 
65 PERCENT SAY MEDIA HAS 
‘‘NEGATIVE EFFECT’’ ON COUNTRY 
(Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
Americans’ distrust of national news 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.014 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9091 December 9, 2015 
outlets continues to rise because of the 
media’s persistent bias and one-sided coverage. 
A recent Pew Research Center survey 
found that nearly two-thirds, or 65 per-cent, of Americans believe the national news media has a negative effect on our country. This is because the media slants stories with their opinions in-stead of reporting the facts. 
For example, the media often praises 
President Obama’s regulations involv-ing climate change, but their reports fail to cite the costs of extreme envi-ronmental regulations and the loss of jobs. National news stories also fail to mention that these regulations would have little impact on global warming. 
Americans will continue to believe 
the media has a negative impact on the country until the media provides the American people with the facts, rather than tells them what to think. 
f 
TERRORIST GUN LOOPHOLE 
(Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, my constituents in San Bernardino County are still reeling from the horror of last week’s attack in the city of San Bernardino, as is ev-erybody throughout the Nation. Four-teen people died, at least 21 were in-jured, and thousands are asking: What now? 
There are people who are afraid that 
their office, shopping plaza, or commu-nity could be next, which is why al-ready country officials in my area and elsewhere are seeking ways to tighten and improve security so that an attack 
like this does not happen again. They cannot be alone in this endeavor. It is time for Congress to act. 
We cannot let terrorists on our own 
U.S. terrorist watch list buy guns. If you are considered too dangerous to board a plane, you are too dangerous to buy a gun. That is why closing this loophole is just common sense. Yet, over the past 11 years, 2,000 suspected terrorists have walked out of stores with a lethal firearm. Ninety percent of them have been able to buy guns, no questions asked. We have left a huge hole in our counterterrorism efforts, and it is time we close it. 
f 
HONORING MIAMI DADE COLLEGE 
MEDICAL CAMPUS PRESIDENT DR. ARMANDO FERRER 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor Dr. Armando Ferrer, retiring from his post as Presi-dent of the Medical Campus of Miami Dade College, a state-of-the-art com-plex in the heart of Miami’s health dis-trict. Dr. Ferrer has worked at Miami Dade College for over 30 years, includ-ing as Dean of both the North and Ken-dall Campuses. According to the U.S. Department of 
Education, Miami Dade College, my alma mater, ranks first in the Nation in awarding health profession and nurs-ing degrees, and Dr. Ferrer’s tenure as President of the Medical Campus is a key feature of that success. I thank Armando for his many years of dedi-cated teaching and professional devel-opment efforts in service to the stu-dents of Miami Dade College. It is through these students that he leaves a positive and lasting legacy throughout our community. 
Congratulations, and Godspeed, 
Armando Ferrer. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE PARIS 
CONFERENCE 
(Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of our Nation’s efforts in Paris to work together with world leaders to combat and address climate change. 
The impacts of climate change are 
real. And as the consequences are being felt here at home and around the world, now is the time to make his-tory. 
By taking action here in Congress, 
the United States has an opportunity to lead by example, while protecting the health of our communities and our environment. This involves supporting efforts like the Clean Power Plan, which will reduce carbon emissions by more than 30 percent by 2030; by pro-moting critical investments in renew-able energy, while eliminating our de-pendence on fossil fuels; and supporting innovative new technologies to keep up in a global economy. These are steps we must take or risk being left behind by the rest of the world. 
For the first time in history, the 
United States has the opportunity to work together with the world’s largest emitters, including China, India, and Brazil, to build the foundation upon which we can take real action to ad-dress climate change. We must cap-italize on this historic step and be a leader in this fight. 
f 
SOCIAL MEDIA, A TOOL OF FOR-
EIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZA-TIONS 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, ter-
rorists have used Twitter to convert thousands of young American minds and recruit new jihadists for ISIS. 
Federal law prohibits giving aid or 
helping a designated foreign terrorist organization. These FTOs use Twitter, an American company, as a tool, and no one is adequately stopping them. 
Why are American companies and the 
U.S. Government allowing social media platforms to be hijacked by terrorists? Some say shutting down terrorists’ so-
cial media accounts would be violating free speech. That is nonsense. They are wrong. The United States Supreme Court has already ruled there are no constitutional protections for foreign terrorist organizations to incite vio-lence. Allowing terrorists to wage their cyber war with America has helped radicalize thousands of foreign fighters and raise millions of dollars online. 
Today, the House Foreign Affairs 
Committee passed my bill, co-authored by my friend, Mr. C
ONNOLLY from Vir-
ginia, the Combat Terrorist Use of So-cial Media Act. This bill requires the administration to come up with a com-prehensive strategy to counter terror-ists’ cyber war and use of social media. 
Private American companies should 
not be operating as the war propaganda mouthpiece of designated foreign ter-rorist organizations like ISIS. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
CONGRESS MUST ACT TO KEEP 
GUNS AND EXPLOSIVES OUT OF THE HANDS OF TERRORISTS 
(Ms. CASTOR of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I strongly urge the House Republicans to allow a debate and a vote on an im-portant bill that would address a ter-rorist threat in America and help keep our families safe. 
We must address the loophole in the 
law that allows someone who has been identified as a terrorist to obtain a firearm or explosive license. Many of these folks are not allowed to board airplanes, yet they can walk into a gun store and buy a firearm. And after the Paris and San Bernardino attacks, no loophole is more glaring than the one that has allowed 2,000 terrorists to buy deadly weapons in the U.S. over the past 11 years. 
I urge my GOP colleagues to stop 
blocking this bill. We must act to keep guns and explosives out of the hands of 
terrorists, and we must do so as ur-gently and quickly as possible. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PATRICK PROKOP 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize Mr. Pat-rick Prokop. 
After 38 years as a meteorologist, 35 
of which were spent in Savannah, Geor-gia, Pat Prokop is retiring. 
He started his broadcasting career in 
1977 and, through the years, worked in Kansas, Missouri, and Georgia. He was an advocate for letting science do the talking and never missed an oppor-tunity to educate people about the weather. 
Pat announced his retirement on No-
vember 25 and said he is looking for-ward to spending more time volun-teering, marathon training, and trav-eling. He also said he plans to enjoy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.015 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9092 December 9, 2015 
the weather, which we should all do 
more of. 
I commend Pat for his years of serv-
ice to the southeast Georgia commu-nity and wish him all the best. You de-serve it, Pat. 
f 
CLOSING THE TERRORIST WATCH 
LIST LOOPHOLE 
(Ms. MATSUI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, from Cali-
fornia to Colorado, the devastating re-alities of gun violence are hitting home. In the face of more senseless at-tacks on innocent victims, it is past time that we treat gun violence in America as a national crisis. 
Preventable gun violence is inexcus-
able. We need to enact commonsense gun law reforms, like ensuring that no terrorist suspect is able to walk into a gun shop and buy a deadly weapon. 
According to a report by the GAO, 
since 2004, more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s terror watch list have suc-cessfully purchased weapons in the United States. In fact, more than 90 percent of all the suspected terrorists who attempted to purchase guns in the last 11 years walked away with the deadly weapon they wanted. 
These statistics are indefensible. 
Let’s put our political excuses aside and close the terrorist gun loophole be-cause lives are on the line. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TOYOTA MOTOR 
MANUFACTURING KENTUCKY PLANT AS TOYOTA’S LARGEST PRODUCTION PLANT 
(Mr. BARR asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, Kentucky is 
famous for horses, bourbon, college basketball, and hospitality. And now we can add to that list the fact that the Commonwealth is home to Toy-ota’s largest manufacturing plant in the world. 
With production of the 2016 Lexus ES 
fully up and running, the Toyota Motor Manufacturing Kentucky plant now ranks as the company’s largest by pro-duction volume. That is right; Toyota now has its largest manufacturing plant in Georgetown, Kentucky. 
The addition of the Lexus production 
line brought with it 750 new jobs to my district. This continued investment in Kentucky is a testament to the skill, perseverance, and dedication of the American workforce. 
Mr. Speaker, we must continue to 
foster the manufacturing renaissance in America by enacting comprehensive tax reform; reining in burdensome reg-ulations; fixing Dodd-Frank and other financial rules that impede access to capital; ending the EPA’s destructive war on abundant, affordable energy; and promoting free trade so that Amer-ican exporters are competitive around the world. When we are able to manu-
facture in America, companies like Toyota can fulfill the promise of good- paying jobs and secure the American Dream. 
f 
b1230 
GUN VIOLENCE 
(Mr. VARGAS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to talk about the epidemic of gun violence in our country. 
A number of years ago, James 
Huberty, heavily armed, walked into a McDonald’s in my district and killed 21 people. 
A few years later, shortly after deliv-
ering his valedictorian speech at Lin-coln High School in my district, Willie James Jones, III, was tragically shot and killed in a drive-by shooting. 
On March 5, 2001, those in the very 
high school from which I graduated were victims of a shooting that left two people dead and 13 injured. 
It is past time for Congress to act 
and to save American lives. I am call-ing on my colleagues to work together to find comprehensive solutions to this dire problem. 
I believe that Representative K
ING’s 
legislation, which prevents people from flying who are deemed too dangerous, would also prevent them from pur-chasing assault weapons. I believe it is a step in the right direction; so let’s work together and get it done. 
f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA WANTS A 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, this Con-
gress and the White House agree, by December 15, the Federal Government will shut down. 
No one on Capitol Hill wants a shut-
down. I don’t. No House Republican does. No House Democrat does. All we want are honest negotiations. 
President Obama’s spokesman said: 
‘‘The President is not going to sign a CR that will give Members of Congress additional time to negotiate.’’ 
Clearly, President Obama wants a 
shutdown. Why? He thinks a shutdown is good election-year politics. Pain is never good politics. I ask the President to change course. Negotiate. Don’t shut down our government. 
f 
TALLAHASSEE’S BETHEL AME 
CHURCH 
(Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to congratulate Tallahassee’s Bethel AME Church on their 150th an-niversary. Bethel was founded in 1865 when a 
group of courageous Christians walked out of their segregated church. They were led by the Reverend Robert Meacham, a former slave preacher. Since that day, church membership has grown from 116 people in 1865 to more than 1,700 worshippers today; and under the leadership of my friend and neigh-bor, Reverend Dr. Julius H. McAllister, Jr., the church continues to benefit our community and serve as an inspiration to everyone in north Florida. 
I congratulate Bethel AME on a 
blessed 150 years, and I look forward to personally attending many more serv-ices as they continue to grow and thrive. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, December 9, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 9, 2015 at 9:33 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 1719. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, December 9, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 9, 2015 at 11:23 a.m.: 
That the Senate agreed to the Conference 
Report S. 1177. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 2130, RED RIVER PRI-VATE PROPERTY PROTECTION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 556 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.017 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9093 December 9, 2015 
H. R ES. 556 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the 
House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2130) to pro-vide legal certainty to property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other pur-poses. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Re-sources. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Natural Re-sources now printed in the bill. The com-mittee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. 
S
EC. 2. It shall be in order at any time 
through the calendar day of December 13, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I raise a 
point of order against House Resolu-tion 556 because the resolution violates section 426(a) of the Congressional Budget Act. The resolution, in waiving all points of order against consider-ation of the bill, waives section 425 of the Congressional Budget Act, thereby causing a violation of section 426(a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Connecticut makes a point of order that the resolution vio-lates section 426(a) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974. 
The gentlewoman has met the 
threshold burden under the rule, and the gentlewoman from Connecticut and a Member opposed each will control 10 minutes of debate on the question of 
consideration. Following debate, the Chair will put the question of consider-ation as the statutory means of dis-posing of the point of order. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Connecticut. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, Americans, 
understandably, feel a sense of fear and chaos caused by the news of the sense-less attacks that have been carried out against civilians in this country and around the world in the past few weeks. 
We can and we should help reassure 
the American people that their Rep-resentatives in Congress—that we here in this Chamber—are doing everything in our power to prevent such a brutal attack from happening in any one of our communities. 
If we do not act this week, how can 
we go home? How can we go home and look our constituents in the eyes and tell them that we are doing everything we can? that we are upholding our sworn duty to protect the American people? 
But we can act. We can act, and we 
should act today. 
We need to close the loophole that al-
lows dangerous people from buying guns. There is no loophole more egre-gious, more glaring, or more shocking than the one that allows suspected ter-rorists in this country to walk legally into a gun shop, to go online or to go to a gun show, and purchase a weapon in order to kill American citizens. 
This astounding loophole has allowed 
more than 2,000 individuals on the FBI’s terrorist watch list to buy weap-ons legally in this country in the last 11 years. In that time, more than 90 percent of the individuals on the watch list who have tried to buy guns have been given a green light. They have been handed a gun. Those numbers are shocking, and they are disturbing. 
As Members of Congress, it is our re-
sponsibility to protect all Americans wherever they live, and one of those areas of protection is from terror in their communities. It is to keep our citizens safe. 
What is terror? There has been a lot 
of discussion about what terror is. In its most simple sense, terror is spread-ing fear and chaos, and that is exactly what the American people are feeling right now—fear and chaos here and around the world. 
There are no easy answers for mass 
shootings, and there are no easy an-swers for combating terrorism; but the fact that the answers are not easy does not absolve us of our responsibility to step up and do what is hard. We are not elected to do what is easy. We are not elected to do what is possible. We are elected and we are sworn to do what is hard and what is necessary to protect and advance the interests of the Amer-ican people. 
Now is the time to act. Yesterday, the House voted to 
strengthen the security screening proc-ess for those who travel to the United States under the Visa Waiver Program, 
and I was proud to cosponsor that bill. We acted together in this body to pro-tect the American people. 
While reforming the Visa Waiver Pro-
gram is a good thing, it is not enough. It is insufficient to the task. Keeping guns out of the hands of terrorists in this country, on American soil, is a necessary and an important step for us to take; but until we have the oppor-tunity to vote to close this loophole, suspected terrorists in this country will continue to have and to use the op-portunity to buy weapons in our coun-try. 
The simple truth for the American 
people to know is that we have been de-nied even the opportunity to vote to close this loophole, and we have a bi-partisan bill right now that we could act on. It is time for us in this House to stand up for the safety of the Amer-ican people and to stand up to the NRA and others who are sowing fear and misinformation about what is possible to do to protect people. 
I am a proud cosponsor of the bipar-
tisan bill that would protect the Amer-ican people. The Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act would close this loophole by banning the sale or the distribution of firearms to anyone the Attorney General deems to be engaged in terrorist activities. 
The U.S. Government already main-
tains a list of known and suspected ter-rorists. If there are problems with that list—and I have heard my colleagues raise that question—then let’s fix the list. If there are problems with the law, let’s fix the bill. We can’t afford to re-main silent. We can’t afford to remain passive. We can’t afford to be denied the opportunity to exercise our duty to vote as Members of Congress. That is what we do; and, right now, we are being denied that simple and straight-forward right. 
b1245 
It is time. It is past time for this 
Congress to act. Let’s keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists. Let’s bring up the bill. If you can’t fly, you shouldn’t be able to buy a gun. 
Tonight, I will be joining some of my 
colleagues at the third national vigil to end gun violence. Here on Capitol Hill in a church a few blocks away, we will be meeting with families and survivors of gun violence from across the coun-try, from Newtown, Connecticut, in my district; from Aurora, Colorado; from Chicago; from Harlem; from across this great country. Thousands of Americans are affected every month by our inac-tion. 
I am going to have a very hard time 
looking these folks in the eye today. I ask you to join me, come with me, and look them in the eye and tell them why you are unwilling to take one single vote, one single step to try to protect people in America. We have an oppor-tunity to change that today. We have an opportunity to act together. We have an opportunity to fulfill our duty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.037 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9094 December 9, 2015 
to protect and defend the American 
people from the scourge of gun vio-lence. A simple, straightforward, and important way to start is to allow us to vote on this bipartisan bill that will close an absurd loophole in the law that allows terrorists to buy guns to kill Americans. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I 
claim the time in opposition to the point of order and in favor of consider-ation of the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Washington is recognized for 10 minutes. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, the 
question before the House is should the House now consider House Resolution 556. While the resolution waives all points of order against consideration of today’s measures, the Committee on Rules is not aware of any violation of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. In fact, as the gentlewoman from Con-necticut clearly agrees, she did not even mention the word ‘‘unfunded’’ once in her comments. The waiver is only necessary to ensure that the House can continue with its scheduled business. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office has stated in its analysis of this measure that there are no viola-tions of the Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a dilatory tactic. 
This straightforward bill will provide certainty to the landowners on the Red River who are unsure if the land to which they hold title and have paid taxes on will remain in their families. 
In order to allow the House to con-
tinue its scheduled business for the day, I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the question of consideration of the resolution. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, how much 
time do I have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Connecticut has 3 min-utes remaining. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, some say as 
my colleague just did, my friend across the aisle, that we shouldn’t bring up this issue this week; that this is polit-ical and, therefore, inappropriate. Well, I have to disagree and disagree strong-ly. 
Politics is about people coming to-
gether to solve problems. If we can’t come together to help address the cry-ing need of the American citizens to be protected a little bit more from the fear and chaos of terrorists on our soil, armed with guns legally purchased in this country because we have refused to act, I proudly say it is political and that is exactly what we should be doing. We should be coming together as the body politic of the American peo-ple. 
It is precisely the time to take ac-
tion, and I support the underlying leg-islation. I support even more us taking steps now in the wake of mass shoot-ings, now in the wake of terrorism, now at the time when many of the world’s religions are praying for peace, 
hope, and light in the dark time of the year. 
It is a dark time in the soul of the 
American people and in this country, and we have the opportunity to take action. We have the opportunity to be a beacon of light and hope and respon-siveness to the needs of the people. That is our job. 
I call on my colleagues to join me at 
the vigil and to join me in allowing us the opportunity to vote, to act, to pro-tect and defend this country. 
I yield the remaining time to the 
gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ). 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, let me 
thank the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. E
STY) for raising an im-
portant issue, for forcing us to talk about something that the Republican leadership is working overtime to pre-vent us from having a vote on. 
Only in this Republican-controlled 
House of Representatives would the idea of prohibiting terror suspects from getting weapons be considered con-troversial. It is stunning. 
Let me say to the Republican leader-
ship, who are, again, preventing us from being able to deliberate on this issue, you take my breath away. I can-not believe that you will not allow us to have a vote on the floor on this im-portant issue. You are on the wrong side of history. You are certainly on the wrong side of public opinion. 
The vast majority of Americans— 
Democrats, Republicans, Independ-ents—all think we ought to close this loophole, everybody but the leadership of this House, which is beholden to one special interest. 
Terror suspects can’t fly on air-
planes. I fly back and forth from Bos-ton to Washington every week. I am glad that terror suspects can’t fly on airplanes. I feel more safe. The people I fly with feel more safe. 
Why would it be somehow acceptable, 
then, to allow those same people who cannot fly to be able to go out and buy weapons, highly sophisticated weapons, weapons that are used by terrorists to kill civilians? Why would that be ac-ceptable? 
We ought to have a vote on this. Let 
us vote. Let us deliberate on this im-portant issue. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ap-
preciate the comments from my col-leagues from Connecticut and Massa-chusetts. I can’t think of one person out of 535 Members of Congress that wants terrorists to have a firearm. Cer-tainly not. That is not something that is even in question. 
I do find it very interesting, espe-
cially from my colleague from Massa-chusetts—and which we sit together on the Rules Committee—to bring up a point of something that, I would say, he advocates for daily on this floor and in this body and, that is, to follow reg-ular order to allow pieces of legislation to go through the committee process, 
to allow every Member of this body to have their input, to have their say, to be able to amend, to be able to argue, to be able to debate, to allow it to go through the process that this body stands for, until today when it is their side of the aisle’s idea that they have to move an issue forward. 
They say: Let’s circumvent regular 
order, let’s bring something that has not gone through the committee proc-ess, that has not allowed every Member of this body to weigh in on, to debate, to bring up amendments, to make their feelings known. Let’s only do it when it is not their idea. That is the message I am getting. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I certainly appre-
ciate the enormity of the issue before us. We are working on many bills in this legislative body to deal with the issue of terrorism in front of us as a Nation and as a world. I hope that Members of the other side of the aisle will support those efforts to make this country safer. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
The question is, Will the House now 
consider the resolution? 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-
mand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 241, nays 174, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 681] 
YEAS—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.022 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9095 December 9, 2015 
Long 
Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis 
MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—174 
Adams 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—18 
Aguilar 
Gabbard Hoyer Hunter Johnson, Sam Lowey Luetkemeyer 
Norcross Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Rothfus Ruppersberger 
Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Takai Tsongas Turner 
b1325 
Messrs. CICILLINE and RICHMOND 
changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to nay.’’ 
Messrs. GRAVES of Missouri, JODY 
B. HICE of Georgia, CARTER of Geor-gia, WITTMAN, LATTA, FINCHER, JOLLY, WALBERG, and FITZPATRICK changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the question of consideration was 
decided in the affirmative. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
681, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for 
the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on 
Tuesday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule, House Resolution 556, providing for consideration of an im-portant piece of legislation, H.R. 2130, the Red River Private Property Protec-tion Act. 
The rule provides for consideration of 
H.R. 2130 under a structured rule, mak-ing every amendment submitted to the committee in order, which includes a manager’s amendment and an amend-ment by Mr. C
OLEof Oklahoma. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2130, the Red River 
Private Property Protection Act, is critically important to protecting pri-vate property in the great States of Texas and Oklahoma. This bill pre-vents the Federal Government from seizing thousands of acres of private land that is lawfully owned by Amer-ican citizens along the 116-mile stretch of the Red River between Oklahoma and Texas. 
The Bureau of Land Management, or 
the BLM, is currently updating its Texas and Oklahoma Resources Man-agement Plan, which covers this stretch of the Red River. BLM initially stated that there are 
an estimated 90,000 acres of land along this stretch of the river that may be considered public domain and managed as Federal land. They have since re-duced this estimate to 30,000. 
Of these 30,000 acres, less than 6,500 
acres have actually been surveyed. These revisions and drastically dif-ferent estimates based upon a fraction of acreage surveyed have caused great concern among landowners and local stakeholders. 
b1330 
H.R. 2130 would commission a survey 
of the entire 116-mile stretch of the contested area along the Red River using the gradient boundary survey method developed and backed by the Supreme Court of the United States in 1923’s decision, Oklahoma v. Texas, that determined the proper boundaries between private and federally owned land. 
This decision set the precedent for 
determining the boundaries, including taking into account the doctrine of erosion, accretion, and avulsion of the Red River, which changes rapidly and 
materially in flood. 
The underlying bill states the survey 
must be conducted within 2 years by li-censed State land surveyors and ap-proved by the Texas General Land Of-fice in conjunction with the Commis-sioners of the Land Office in Okla-homa. 
Once the survey is approved, affected 
landowners have the ability to appeal the survey to an administrative law judge. After the boundary between pub-lic and private land is settled, the BLM is required to sell the remaining Fed-eral land along the Red River at no less than fair market value. Landowners will rightly be given the rights of first refusal. 
H.R. 2130 also requires that a re-
source management plan adhere to the requirements in the bill and explicitly states that nothing in the language will affect the Red River Boundary Compact, which established the visible boundaries between the two States and solves jurisdictional and sovereignty disputes. 
Land already patented under the 
Color-of-Title Act will not be affected nor will the sovereignty of federally recognized Indian tribes regarding land that is located to the north of the South Bank boundary line. 
Mr. Speaker, the entire section of 
this 116-mile stretch has never even been surveyed by the BLM, and the small portions that the agency has sur-veyed appear to stray widely from the accepted gradient boundary survey method endorsed by the Supreme Court. 
Uncertainty clouds all decisions 
being made with regard to this land. The BLM has never actively managed the small strip of land they actually do own, as they are unsure of exactly what land it is they own. 
Meanwhile, the agency appears in-
capable of understanding basic natural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.038 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9096 December 9, 2015 
movements of the river. While the ap-
proved survey method makes clear that ownership boundaries between private and public land will change with the movements of the river over time, BLM surveys do not. 
A major determinant of land owner-
ship must reflect the location of the existing median line of the river while taking into account past changes in the river’s movement. 
While BLM fails to understand the 
very land they claim to be surveying, landowners along the river are left un-sure if the land they have held titles to and have paid taxes on will remain their property or be subject to Federal ownership. 
This uncertainty threatens the value 
of privately owned lands. It clouds the title and causes landowners to think twice before making improvements on their land. This insecurity is harming local landowners and local economies, stifling any potential economic devel-opment in the area. 
H.R. 2130 will solve this problem and 
clear up the uncertainty caused by BLM’s decision, after over 90 years, to suddenly decide to claim the rights to this land. In conjunction with the States and affected tribes, this legisla-tion will make clear the true owner-ship of the property. 
The House Natural Resources Com-
mittee, which I sit on, favorably or-dered this bill in September. It is im-portant to note that this legislation is an updated version of legislation intro-duced in the 113th Congress and re-flects the input received from land-owners, both States in subject, as well as feedback provided by the minority members on the Natural Resources Committee. 
So I believe the updates reflect the 
bipartisan nature in which this legisla-tion was drafted and highlights the ne-cessity of solving this problem for the 
people of Texas and the people of Okla-homa. 
This legislation is necessary to not 
only right an obvious wrong in this specific instance regarding the Okla-homa-Texas border, but is essential to ensuring that local landowners have a judicious, practical process to firmly establish title to their rightfully owned land. 
Government exists to protect our 
natural rights. Those include property rights. H.R. 2130 will put in place the proper process to ensure government agencies assist, rather than impede, with the protection of private prop-erty. 
So, Mr. Speaker, this rule allowing 
for consideration of H.R. 2130, the Red River Private Property Protection Act, will support the protection of private property and prevent the Federal Gov-ernment from falsely claiming thou-sands of acres of land lawfully owned by American citizens. 
I support the rule’s adoption. I urge 
my colleagues to support both the rule and the underlying bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
(Mr. M CGOVERN asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) for yielding me 
the customary 30 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, what we should be talk-
ing about today is keeping the govern-ment open before funding runs out. With the horrific terrorist attack in San Bernardino taking place just 1 week ago, we should also be talking about how to keep guns out of the wrong hands. 
House Democrats are united in mak-
ing these our top priorities so that we can address the pressing issues the American people elected us to tackle. Instead, we are talking about H.R. 2130, the Red River Private Property Protec-tion Act. 
This is a bill that Republicans know 
is going nowhere, but they still insist that we take it up. Today I rise in strong opposition to the rule and the underlying legislation. 
Proponents of this bill claim that the 
Bureau of Land Management’s effort to survey land along the Red River is a Federal land grab. In fact, H.R. 2130 is a land grab by the State of Texas which will harm local Native American tribes and taxpayers nationwide. 
H.R. 2130 would set aside existing 
Federal surveys of land along the 116- mile stretch of the Red River in Texas and would require the Secretary to commission and to accept, without Federal participation, surveys of the land approved by the Texas General Land Office. 
We should be helping to provide legal 
certainty to property owners along the Red River, but we should not use the approach of voiding or nullifying Fed-eral surveys. 
BLM’s survey and public planning 
process is not a land grab or a govern-ment overreach, but simply a Federal agency trying to resolve a very com-plex situation. If Texas wants to chal-lenge the BLM’s survey methods, they should do it in the normal way, in the courts, not through Congress. 
Additionally, this legislation would 
require the Interior Department to del-egate its authority for determining Federal estate to a State agency, would be counter to near 100 years of settled law, and could reduce mineral revenue opportunities for the Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache tribes and the State of Oklahoma. 
Passing this bill could potentially 
complicate oil and gas leases that local tribes rely on for income. The Kiowa, Apache, and Comanche tribes receive 62.5 percent of any royalty generated for oil and gas development along this section of the Red River. 
If part of this land no longer belongs 
to the Federal Government, then this agreement would disappear and the im-portant source of revenue relied on by these tribes could vanish into thin air. These tribes view this bill as a threat 
to their livelihood and an assault on their property. 
In addition to potentially losing rev-
enues from mineral revenues, tribes have also expressed concern about ac-cess to water. Water is scarce in this arid region, and tribes rely on access to the Red River significantly. So H.R. 2130 could threaten that critical access. 
If we want to do what is right by the 
people of Texas, the people of Okla-homa, the affected tribes, and the peo-ple of the United States, we have got to reject this bill in its current form. 
We all know that it is going nowhere 
and will be just another waste of the House’s precious time. I ask my col-leagues: Shouldn’t we be tackling pressing issues, like gun violence or funding for our government? 
Mr. Speaker, Congress only has 1 leg-
islative day left to avert a government shutdown. Let me remind my Repub-lican friends about the last time that they shut down the government: 
The economy lost $24 billion and 
120,000 private sector jobs. Veterans’ disability claims were stalled. Head Start centers were forced to close. Small businesses were cut off from SBA loans. $4 billion in tax refunds were delayed. Hundreds of Americans were prevented from enrolling in NIH clinical trials. 
So instead of heading down that road 
again and damaging our recovering economy, I hope my friends on the other side of the aisle will do the right thing. 
I urge the Republican leadership to 
drop their demands for radical policy riders that put an omnibus funding bill in jeopardy. Work with our leadership. Work in a bipartisan way to advance a bill that will keep the government open and avert yet another Republican- manufactured crisis. 
There is a lot of work that needs to 
be done, Mr. Speaker, and it needs to be done right now. 
My friend from Washington earlier 
made reference to regular order, saying that those of us who are trying to get a vote on a bill to basically close a loophole that allows terrorist suspects to be able to buy weapons are not ad-hering to regular order. 
Well, I have news for my friend from 
Washington State. Regular order is dead in this House of Representatives. It died a long time ago. My Republican friends killed it a long time ago. There is no regular order in this House. 
Whether it is on your bills to defund 
Planned Parenthood, the energy pack-age, the Syrian refugee bill, the oil bill, none of that came before us in reg-ular order. We are on this floor day after day, demanding votes on proce-dural motions precisely because there is no regular order in this House. 
The committees of jurisdiction are 
not doing their job, are not even doing hearings or reporting a bill out of com-mittee that would prevent terrorist suspects from getting access to weap-ons. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.026 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9097 December 9, 2015 
So we are using procedural motions 
to try to put some pressure on the leadership in this House—if not pres-sure, maybe to shame the leadership of this House to bring a bill to the floor that the overwhelming majority of the American people want. 
As I said earlier, only in this Repub-
lican-controlled House of Representa-tives would the idea of prohibiting ter-rorist suspects from getting weapons be considered controversial. 
These people that we are talking 
about are on the no-fly list. They can’t fly on airplanes, and I am glad that they can’t fly with me when I go back and forth from Washington to Boston every week. I think the majority of Americans, Democrats and Repub-licans, are glad that terrorist suspects are not on their plane flying around the country when they are on these planes. 
Why, then, would it somehow be a 
good idea to say that these people who cannot fly on our airplanes because we suspect them of links to terrorism can somehow go out and buy a weapon of war that could potentially be used against our citizens? 
There are a lot of things we need to 
do. This is one of them. I get it that there is a particular special interest out there that is putting a lot of pres-sure on the leadership and on some Members on the other side to not be able to bring this bill to the floor. But I would say that a majority of the members of the National Rifle Associa-tion actually agree with us on this issue. 
By the way, this idea that we are 
putting forward here today is not a democratic idea. It is introduced by a Republican Member of Congress, Con-gressman P
ETER KINGof New York. It 
is an idea that has been endorsed by a Republican President and its adminis-tration, the Bush administration prior to this one. Their Justice Department thought this was a good idea. 
Former New Jersey Governor Tom 
Kean, who is the co-chair of the 9/11 Commission, said this is a good idea. I mean, reasonable, rational people think this is good idea. 
Yet, in this House of Representa-
tives, we can’t even get it on the floor for a vote. If you don’t want to vote for it, then have the courage to vote ‘‘no.’’ Allow it to come to the floor. Let your constituents know where you stand on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I thank the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), my col-
league on the Rules Committee. I ap-preciate his opening comments and take great interest in some of the things that were pointed out. 
Certainly, nobody in this body on 
this side of the aisle or on your side is interested in closing down the govern-ment and shutting the government. In fact, just yesterday Leader McCarthy stood at this very podium and told ev-
eryone to make sure that they kept their travel plans flexible enough to be able to stay here and get their work done. 
So I think there is a commitment on 
both sides of the aisle in order to get work done for the American people. Also, protecting Americans in this very dangerous time that we face in the world today is one of the highest prior-ities that we have as a Congress and is certainly a constitutional duty that all of us take very seriously. 
b1345 
We are working very hard. We have 
committees of jurisdiction working very hard and coming up with work-able ideas in order to accomplish just that. In fact, we just passed something this week that had to do with the waiv-er program for visas that I think will go a long way in keeping this country safe. 
We can walk and chew gum at the 
same time. We can deal with the im-portant issues of the American people as well as not only keeping the govern-ment open, keeping Americans safe, but also protecting property rights when a Federal agency creates a prob-lem by trying to take private property away from citizens. In this case, it is not in my State, but tomorrow it could be, and it could be in your State to-morrow. So we can do multiple impor-tant things that the American people expect us to do on their behalf. 
Mr. Speaker, we talked a lot about 
regular order in my colleague’s opening statements, so here we go again. As I said earlier, we are lectured on a daily basis on the importance of regular order. This bill that we are considering here is a perfect example of regular order. It went through the committee process. We have accepted two amend-ments in the Rules Committee that were offered to perfect this bill that the Members of this full body will get an opportunity to voice their opinions on and to vote whether they accept them or not. 
Just last week, Mr. Speaker, we 
heard two conference reports: one on the highways bill and one on edu-cation. That is a great example of reg-ular order being reestablished in this House of Representatives. Speaker R
YAN is committed to regular order, 
working from the ground up, letting the committees do their jobs, and al-lowing every Member to have a voice in this process. 
So I am very happy. I am very opti-
mistic about the future of this body and our ability to get work done under Republican leadership. I think we have shown that we can get work done, and we are doing a great job doing it. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). He would like 
to speak on this issue of the Red River Valley. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
appreciate very much the gentleman from Washington yielding me the time 
and his work on this issue, as well as the chairman of the Natural Resources Committee for bringing it to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, I do not intend to spend 
a great deal of time debating the mer-its of the bill at this point on the rule. I think it is important, however, that I try to clear up some misunder-standings, apparently, that have been generated. 
Let me just say that one misunder-
standing that I have heard referred to on the floor is that the committees in this House are not taking action against terrorism. I can say that the committee I am privileged to chair, the Armed Services Committee, has had a briefing this very morning about how we can be more effective against ISIS and the threat of terrorism. So there is a great deal of work that is going on around this House. It may not be every bill that every Member wants to see de-bated, but a variety of committees and committees working together are working to take action to try to keep this country safe, and I think that is important for the American people to know. 
Mr. Speaker, the Red River Private 
Property Protection Act is an impor-tant act not only for the landowners on both sides of the river along this 116- mile stretch in Texas and Oklahoma, but it is important for property owners across the country; because, if an agen-cy of the Federal Government can wake up one day and say, ‘‘We own more land than we ever have thought we owned over the last 90 years,’’ it puts in doubt the property rights of landowners everywhere because it is very difficult to fight the Federal Gov-ernment. 
The suggestion was made that this 
underlying legislation is a landgrab by Texas. Of course, my opinion, Mr. Speaker, is that reflects a fundamental understanding of the situation and cer-tainly of what this legislation does. 
Let me take just a moment to ex-
plain that, when Thomas Jefferson bought the Louisiana Purchase from France in 1803, he bought for the United States all of the land in the riv-erbed of the Red River down to the south bank of the river. That was af-firmed in numerous treaties between the United States and Spain, the United States and Mexico, and the United States and the Republic of Texas. That is the boundary, the south bank. But in 1867, the United States made a treaty with three Indian tribes, and that reservation that was the sub-ject of that treaty just went to the middle of the river. 
I have the exact treaty which I may 
well enter into the R
ECORD at a future 
point. 
So, Mr. Speaker, the bottom line is, 
any reservation which later became private property in the State of Okla-homa extended only to the middle of the river, while Texas did not go fur-ther north than the south bank of the river. That leaves a narrow strip from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.027 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9098 December 9, 2015 
the middle of the river to the south 
bank that is absolutely Federal terri-tory. 
That is the way it has been since, as 
I say, at least 1867, with nobody else making a claim that they owned it— until 2 years ago; and then the Bureau of Land Management said: We think we own a lot more land, not just the south bank, but a lot more land. And that is what has caused this controversy. 
So how do you solve a controversy 
like that? You do a survey. You follow the Supreme Court decision from the 1920s. You get professionals out there who know what they are doing, and you conduct a survey exactly along the line the Supreme Court said we should. And that is what this bill does. It re-quires a survey along the whole 116- mile stretch, which has never been done. As the gentleman from Wash-ington states, as a matter of fact, they have only surveyed 6,000 acres in a spot sort of fashion. 
So this tries to answer this issue 
once and for all. Survey the whole thing. We know where the line is, and, therefore, people who are private prop-erty owners on both sides of the river know where the line is as well. 
Now, clearly, Mr. Speaker, there is 
no intention of infringing upon any of the rights that the tribes or anybody else has. Let me just quote a few provi-sions from the underlying legislation: 
Nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to ‘‘alter the valid rights of the Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Nations to the mineral interest trust fund cre-ated pursuant to the act of June 12, 1926.’’ 
‘‘Nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to modify the interest of Texas or Oklahoma or sovereignty rights of any federally recognized Indian tribe over lands located to the north of the South Bank boundary line as estab-lished by the survey.’’ 
‘‘The sale of a parcel under this sec-
tion shall be subject to . . . valid exist-ing State, tribal, and local rights.’’ 
There are more protections in here 
than even I can count. So the point is not to change anybody’s rights. It is to prevent the Federal Government from confiscating the land that private prop-erty owners have deeds to, often for generations, and have paid taxes on for years and years. That is what this is trying to solve. 
The suggestion has been made, well, 
all this ought to be worked out in court. Number one, private landowners sometimes don’t have the pockets to work it out—especially a fight with the Federal Government—in court. 
Secondly, while you are working it 
out in court, this cloud hangs over your title. You can’t sell your land. You can’t borrow money on it because nobody knows if that is really Federal land or private land. 
This was not a problem until 2 years 
ago, when the Bureau of Land Manage-ment said: We are going to take in more land than anybody has ever al-leged that the Federal Government owns. The way to fix a BLM overreach is 
for this House to take action and an-swer the question once and for all. That is what this legislation does. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate very much 
the gentleman from Washington and the chairman of the committee for giv-ing us the opportunity to debate it. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the R ECORD  
the Statement of Administration Pol-icy on H.R. 2130, which says that if the President were presented with H.R. 2130, his senior advisers would rec-ommend that he veto the bill. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 2130—RED RIVER PRIVATE PROPERTY  
PROTECTION ACT  
(Rep. Thornberry, R–TX, Dec. 8, 2015) 
The Administration strongly opposes H.R. 
2130, which would set aside existing Federal surveys, divest the Secretary of the Interior of responsibility as surveyor of record for the United States, and transfer lands out of Fed-eral ownership without ensuring a fair re-turn to the taxpayer. 
H.R. 2130 would set aside existing Federal 
surveys of land along the Red River in Texas and would require the Secretary to commis-sion and to accept, without Federal partici-pation, surveys of the land approved by the Texas General Land Office. This legislation would require the Secretary to delegate her authority for determining Federal estate to a state agency, would be counter to nearly 100 years of settled law, and could reduce mineral revenue opportunities for the Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Tribes and the State of Oklahoma. 
The Administration shares the goal of pro-
viding legal certainty to property owners along the Red River, but strongly opposes the approach of voiding or nullifying Federal surveys. 
If the President were presented with H.R. 
2130, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-
clude that in the R ECORD , first of all, to 
make it clear to my colleagues that what we are doing here is a waste of time. This bill isn’t going anywhere. 
I would say to the gentleman from 
Washington that, if his idea of regular order is bringing bills to the floor that are going nowhere, we have a different definition of what regular order is all about. I have listed for you a series of major bills that did not go through reg-ular order. Most of them never went through committee. This whole proc-ess, since we are 1 day away from a government shutdown, of putting an omnibus together is not regular order. 
Mr. Speaker, my friends control the 
House, they control the Senate, and yet we are going to get this big bill no matter whether it passes or not. We are not going to know what is in this bill for weeks and months afterwards, all these riders and all these different deals on the omnibus bill and the tax extender bill. So, please, regular order is dead. 
We are again pursuing these proce-
dural motions to try to force you, to try to shame my friends on the other side of the aisle, to bring a bill to the 
floor that the overwhelming majority of the American people want us to vote on. 
Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge my 
colleagues to defeat the previous ques-tion. If the previous question is de-feated, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up bipartisan legisla-tion that would close a glaring loop-hole in our gun laws allowing suspected terrorists to legally buy firearms. Mr. Speaker, this bill would bar the sale of firearms and explosives to those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. Why that is so controversial for the Republican leadership is beyond me. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. To discuss our pro-
posal, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the distin-
guished gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank Mr. M CGOVERN . 
Mr. Speaker, with just 2 days until 
the government runs out of funding, House Republicans have chosen to bring a bill to the floor to solve a dis-pute between two States: Texas and Oklahoma. 
Mr. Speaker, we have an epidemic of 
gun violence in this country, and Con-gress is doing nothing to end the kill-ing. Right now, a person on the FBI’s terrorist watch list can go to a gun store or a gun show and purchase a firearm legally. 
If a person on the terrorist watch list 
is too dangerous to buy a plane ticket, why are they allowed to purchase un-limited quantities of weapons and am-munition? 
Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to act 
now to protect the American people. The Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act is a bipar-tisan bill which prohibits the sale of firearms to people on the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation’s terrorist watch list. Congress needs to take the most basic step we can by passing this bill to keep Americans safe from those who wish to do us harm. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman 
from Massachusetts again for the time. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from 
Rhode Island (Mr. C ICILLINE .) 
Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a gun violence 
epidemic in this country. There have been nearly 50,000 incidents of gun vio-lence in our country this year. More than 12,400 people have lost their lives. There have been more than 350 mass shootings in the United States this year, more than there have been days 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.029 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9099 December 9, 2015 
in the year. For many killers in these 
mass shootings, assault weapons are the weapons of choice. 
Right now, Mr. Speaker, someone 
who is on the terrorist watch list, someone law enforcement has deemed too dangerous to board an airplane, can walk into a gun store and buy an as-sault rifle. This is insane. H.R. 1076 will fix this. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman 
K
INGof New York for introducing this 
commonsense bill, and I applaud him for actually working with the Demo-crats. I am proud to be an original co-sponsor of the bill. We need more peo-ple on his side of the aisle to stop kneeling at the altar of the NRA and actually do something about this ur-gent threat to public safety. 
Mr. Speaker, if we don’t pass this 
into law, then shame on us for doing nothing while thousands of Americans are dying each year from gun violence. Instead of spending time on this Texas landgrab, as Mr. M
CGOVERN says, we 
should be focused on the urgent issues facing our country. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
defeat the previous question so we can take up H.R. 1076 and do something to protect our constituents from gun vio-lence in this country. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I have 
just one comment to make in response to the gentleman from Massachusetts. 
If the definition of regular order is 
only considering those issues that the administration approves of, then what really is our function here as a Con-gress? Should we just put a sign out that says that we are closed until a new administration comes along? It seems to me that we have a duty to the American people to consider issues that are important from the majority’s perspective. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I will 
just respond to the gentleman by say-ing that my objection is that we have become a place where trivial issues get debated passionately and important ones not at all. The difference between debating a Texas landgrab bill that is going nowhere versus a bill that could protect the American people from ter-ror suspects who now have access to buy guns, I don’t think there is any comparison here. The difference be-tween doing this Texas landgrab bill and actually passing a bill to keep the government running, I think passing a bill to keep the government running is more important. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. H
AHN). 
b1400 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
colleague from Massachusetts for the few moments to talk about something really important. 
Colleagues, it is our responsibility to 
take action on behalf of the American people that we represent, and right now they are begging us to take action 
to keep them safe. We should not be wasting our time debating this legisla-tion on the floor today when so many lives are at stake. 
The American people are anxious, 
many are afraid, and they have reason to be. Guns kill 36 people every day in our country. No other developed coun-try comes close to that level. 
Some would say it is we, in this body, 
who are to blame because we have failed to enact even the most reason-able policies to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous criminals. 
It is unbelievable that an individual 
on the terrorist watch list can walk into a gun shop and buy the firearm of their choice in this country. Among all the gaps in our gun laws, this loophole is the most glaring. In fact, in the past 11 years, 2,000 suspects on our FBI’s terrorist watch list have walked into a gun store and bought the weapon of their choice. 
All we are asking for is the common-
sense legislation that P
ETER KINGhas 
introduced that would close this loop-hole be brought to this floor for a vote. This bill, introduced by P
ETER KING, 
has bipartisan support. Of course, this bill is not a cure-all for all gun vio-lence in this Nation, but it is a step in the right direction. 
I join my colleagues in asking Speak-
er R
YANto bring this legislation to the 
floor for a vote. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
I had to take this opportunity to 
come to the floor to urge my GOP col-leagues to allow a vote on closing the loophole that allows terrorists and ter-rorist suspects to go and purchase fire-arms and get a license for explosives. It is unbelievable that this loophole still exists. This is something that we can work together on to help keep our fam-ilies safe all across America. 
And here is the state of the law. Cur-
rently, if you are a felon, you cannot purchase a firearm. If you are a fugi-tive, you cannot purchase a firearm. If you are a drug addict, you cannot pur-chase a firearm. If you have been con-victed of domestic violence, you cannot purchase a firearm. 
Here is the loophole: If you are on 
the terrorist watch list and you cannot fly, you can still go into the gun store and purchase a firearm. This really is truly unbelievable. 
I ask the gentleman from Massachu-
setts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) to tell us again 
the statistic, based upon the GAO re-port, of how many people, terrorists, suspected terrorists, have been able to purchase firearms. 
Do you know? Mr. M
CGOVERN. Will the gentle-
woman yield? 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I yield to 
the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M CGOVERN. This astounding 
loophole has allowed more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list to buy guns in the United States over the last 11 years. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Reclaiming 
my time, I include in the R
ECORD a 
page that summarizes the GAO report from a few years ago, because I know folks think this is a partisan fight. And don’t take it from us. Take it from the independent GAO. It states: 
‘‘Membership in a terrorist organiza-
tion does not prohibit a person from possessing firearms or explosives under current Federal law.’’ 
[From GAO Highlights, May 5, 2010] 
TERRORIST WATCHLIST SCREENING : FBI H AS 
ENHANCED ITSUSE OF INFORMATION FROM 
FIREARM AND EXPLOSIVES BACKGROUND  
CHECKS TOSUPPORT COUNTERTERRORISM  
EFFORTS  
WHY GAO DID THIS STUDY  
Membership in a terrorist organization 
does not prohibit a person from possessing firearms or explosives under current federal law. However, for homeland security and other purposes, the FBI is notified when a firearm or explosives background check in-volves an individual on the terrorist watchlist. This statement addresses (1) how many checks have resulted in matches with the terrorist watchlist, (2) how the FBI uses information from these checks for counter-terrorism purposes, and (3) pending legisla-tion that would give the Attorney General authority to deny certain checks. GAO’s tes-timony is based on products issued in Janu-ary 2005 and May 2009 and selected updates in March and April 2010. For these updates, GAO reviewed policies and other documenta-tion and interviewed officials at FBI compo-nents involved with terrorism-related back-ground checks. 
WHAT GAO RECOMMENDS  
GAO is not making new recommendations, 
but has made prior recommendations to the Attorney General to help ensure that back-ground checks involving individuals on the terrorist watchlist are properly handled and that allowable information from these checks is shared with counterterrorism offi-cials, which the FBI has implemented. GAO also suggested that Congress consider adding a provision to any future legislation that would require the Attorney General to define when firearms or explosives could be denied, which has been included in a subsequent bill. 
WHAT GAO FOUND  
From February 2004 through February 2010, 
FBI data show that individuals on the ter-rorist watchlist were involved in firearm or explosives background checks 1,228 times; 1,119 (about 91 percent) of these transactions were allowed to proceed because no prohib-iting information was found—such as felony convictions, illegal immigrant status, or other disqualifying factors—and 109 of the transactions were denied. In response to a recommendation in GAO’s January 2005 re-port, the FBI began processing all back-ground checks involving the terrorist watchlist in July 2005—including those gen-erated via state operations—to ensure con-sistency in handling and ensure that rel-evant FBI components and field agents are contacted during the resolution of the checks so they can search for prohibiting in-formation. 
Based on another recommendation in 
GAO’s 2005 report, the FBI has taken actions to collect and analyze information from these background checks for counterter-rorism purposes. For example, in April 2005, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.030 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9100 December 9, 2015 
the FBI issued guidance to its field offices on 
the availability and use of information col-lected as a result of firearm and explosives background checks involving the terrorist watchlist. The guidance discusses the proc-ess for FBI field offices to work with FBI personnel who conduct the checks and the 
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to obtain information about the checks, such as the purchaser’s residence ad-dress and the make, model, and serial num-ber of any firearm purchased. The guidance states that any information that FBI field offices obtain related to these background checks can be shared with other counterter-rorism and law enforcement agencies. The FBI is also preparing monthly reports on these checks that are disseminated through-out the FBI to support counterterrorism ef-forts. 
In April 2007, the Department of Justice 
proposed legislative language to Congress that would provide the Attorney General with discretionary authority to deny the transfer of firearms or explosives to known or suspected ‘‘dangerous terrorists.’’ At the time of GAO’s May 2009 report, neither the department’s proposed legislative language nor related proposed legislation included provisions for the development of guidelines further delineating the circumstances under which the Attorney General could exercise this authority. GAO suggested that Congress consider including a provision in any rel-evant legislation that would require the At-torney General to establish such guidelines; and this provision was included in a subse-quent legislative proposal. If Congress gives the Attorney General authority to deny fire-arms or explosives based on terrorist watchlist concerns, guidelines for making such denials would help to provide account-ability for ensuring that the expected results of the background checks are being achieved. Guidelines would also help ensure that the watchlist is used in a manner that safe-guards legal rights, including freedoms, civil liberties, and information privacy guaran-teed by federal law and that its use is con-sistent with other screening processes. For example, criteria have been developed for de-termining when an individual should be de-nied the boarding of an aircraft. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
we have got to act in a bipartisan fash-ion to close this loophole. 
I urge my GOP colleagues to stop 
blocking the bill from consideration. Bring it up for debate, and let’s have a vote. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). 
Mr. TONKO. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask, why are we not 
addressing gun violence? People who aren’t allowed to fly because they are suspected of terrorism should not be al-lowed to purchase firearms. 
I can’t believe that in 2015 this is a 
problem that needs fixing. Democrats have tried three times over to open de-bate on a bill—a bill, by the way, au-thored by a Republican that would block people on the no-fly list from walking out of a gun shop with their firearm of choice—and three times, the Republican House majority has blocked that opportunity. Ninety-one percent of the time, suspected terrorists pass a background check because the system 
we have in place does not check to see if a potential buyer is on the no-fly list. This is absolutely unacceptable. 
I ask the leadership in this House to 
immediately bring to the floor Repub-lican Congressman P
ETER KING’s bill to 
close the loophole that allows sus-pected terrorists to buy guns. And if they won’t, I call upon my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to sign the discharge petition, a petition currently before the House to force a vote on this bill. 
We must allow the House to work the 
will of the people instead of those in Congress who are more concerned with losing their ‘‘A’’ rating with the NRA than keeping Americans safe. 
Let us address gun violence. Bring 
the bill to the floor. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Mas-sachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ). 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank my colleague from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for yielding me 
the time and for the tremendous work that he has done on this issue over his career in elected office and, before that, as a staff member here on Capitol Hill. 
Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues 
today in calling for this House to move a bipartisan piece of legislation be-cause we have an opportunity to close a loophole that allows suspected ter-rorists to legally purchase firearms and explosives. I believe we have a respon-sibility to do so before this House takes another moment of silence, as we have done countless times already this session. 
Mr. Speaker, in the last 2 years 
alone, 94 percent of individuals sus-pected of planning terrorist attacks have been able to successfully pass background checks and purchase dead-ly weapons. If we don’t trust somebody to board a plane, why on Earth would we trust them to buy a gun? 
That is why I led over 60 colleagues, 
along with my colleague from Cali-fornia, M
IKETHOMPSON , to write a let-
ter to Speaker R YAN asking him to 
bring up our colleague P ETER KING’s 
bill for a vote. 
Our response to gun violence, this 
body’s response to gun violence, can no longer be moments of silence and thoughts and prayers by Members in this Chamber. We can do more than that. We are expected to do more than that. My hope today is that we will. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
4 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank my friend from the State of Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
Again, I want to emphasize with him, 
as I was down here listening to my friend, that this is regular order. And, frankly, the one thing I have learned in the Rules Committee, especially under this administration, is, it wouldn’t be a 
Rules Committee party if we didn’t get a letter from the administration say-ing, I am not going to sign it. 
I am not sure, many times, what they 
are for. Again, if we are just going to talk about issues today—we are talk-ing about a piece of legislation that af-fects Americans. And it is amazing to me, every time I come down here to hear my colleagues actually talk about trivial pieces of legislation—if it af-fects the American public and it is something that affects American lives, then it is not trivial on the floor of this House. 
This bill is worth it. This Red River 
Private Property Protection Act, we are going to vote on the rule. It needs to be supported. The underlying bill is going to be debated. It came through regular order. These are the things that we need to be doing. 
But if we also want to talk about 
things that are going on in the world right now, I want to talk about the ab-solutely anemic response that we have seen in the world situation from the administration, especially when it comes to where terrorists are moving and growing and being unfettered while we stand by and watch. Especially now. In fact, for this, we have had a debate, and we are looking through it. 
Iran, you know, oops, here we go 
again; it is not just a song on the radio. Iran has decided that they are just going to flaunt what we have been say-ing for years. 
But this is the key thought of our ad-
ministration on attacking and being at peace with the world. They just tested nuclear missiles again in violation of two U.N. directives, just did it. Where is the outrage? There is none. 
We want to hang dangly little things 
out here. And let’s talk about this: The real terrorists in the world, who hate us just because we are free, are still unabated. 
It is time not to tell Congress, we 
will work with AUMF. But, Mr. Presi-dent, it is time for you to actually give us a plan. It is time for you to stop passing the buck. It is time for the ad-ministration to give us an actual idea of how you want to address this, how you want to go about it. 
Iran says: I will make a deal with 
America, flaunt it whenever I want to. I will do whatever I need. 
We come to the floor. We debate 
things that matter to Americans. The majority understands that national se-curity is projecting a strong national security. The majority is putting forth bills that actually work for people. The majority is looking today to work on a piece of legislation that affects real people’s lives. 
We will continue to have debates 
with my friends across the aisle on a number of issues. But today, let’s move forward. And let’s also have a time to say, Mr. President, we are looking for 
direction. It is time to lead. Check in, or check out. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
Y
OUNG of Iowa). Members are reminded 
to address their remarks to the Chair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.039 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9101 December 9, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
If my colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle wanted to defend the record of this House in terms of regular order, they can have it at. It is laughable, the record. This is the most closed Con-gress in the history of the United States Congress. That is the record that they are proud of. 
We are here, again, trying to pressure 
the leadership of this House to let this House do what it is supposed to do: have the committees of jurisdiction re-port this bill to shut down this terrible loophole which is a potential danger to our citizens. Bring it to the floor. We can’t get you to bring anything to the floor related to this issue. 
But to get up here and to somehow 
talk like my friends on the other side care about regular order or even are in the most minimal way committed to an open process here is laughable. Look at the record of this Congress. 
The Speaker and the previous Speak-
er all get up here and talk about their commitment to regular order. And then what do they do? They do the op-posite time and time again. 
I read to you some of the bills that 
you brought up recently that have come to the floor not under regular order. We don’t need lectures on reg-ular order from my friends on the Re-publican side who, again, are presiding over the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of Amer-ica. 
With that, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ). 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, despite 
the increasing frequency with which mass shootings seem to happen in this country, we never expect it to happen in our community. But a week ago today, that is exactly what happened when tragedy hit home. 
I knew the Inland Regional Center 
well, represented the city of San Bernardino during my time in the State senate; and on this tragic day, five individuals who lived in cities that I represent were murdered. 
Far too many communities have felt 
the pain that the San Bernardino and Inland Empire community is facing right now. Far too many Americans have lost loved ones in similar acts of violence. 
Mr. Speaker, the loophole that allows 
suspects on terrorist watch lists to pur-chase a gun, to walk into a gun store and purchase a high caliber weapon, must be fixed. 
This is an urgent, commonsense, 
widely supported reform that we can make to reduce gun violence, but we haven’t. We haven’t been able to have a serious conversation about any of these issues. 
Those who want to support changes 
to our gun laws need to make their voices heard and say, enough is enough; check in, or check out. 
Before we gather for yet another mo-
ment of silence, I remind my col-leagues that this House floor is for ac-
tion, not inaction. Doing nothing is in-excusable. It is an insult to the lives lost on that tragic day. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
11⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Illinois (Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ). 
b1415 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I would challenge any 
one of my colleagues to go out on any street corner in the United States of America and ask people who are walk-ing by: Do you think the people who are on the terrorist watch list who are not allowed to get on an airplane should be able to go into any gun store and buy a weapon of their choice? 
For example, a weapon that looks 
like this. This is a Smith & Wesson .223-caliber assault rifle. This is a weapon that is available to people who are on the terrorist watch list. It is also the weapon that was used by the shooters in San Bernardino to fire off 65 to 75 rounds and kill the coworkers of one of those shooters. 
Since 2004, over 2,000 suspects on the 
FBI’s terrorist watch list have success-fully purchased weapons in the United States. More than 90 percent of all sus-pected terrorists who attempted to purchase guns in the last 11 years were able to do that. It may not be the big-gest issue, but, clearly, the American people don’t think that potential ter-rorists should be able to buy guns. 
Let’s do it. H.R. 1076 would ban the sale of weap-
ons to any individual, according to the Attorney General, who is considered to be engaged in terrorist activities. In-troduced by a Republican, this is bipar-tisan. Let’s support P
ETER KING’s bill, 
the bill that many of us have gotten together to sponsor, as a beginning in order to say we are serious about pro-tecting our communities. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia (Mr. C ONNOLLY ). 
Mr. CONNOLLY. I thank my friend 
from Massachusetts. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise more in sadness 
than in anger. This debate has gone on long enough. Too many of our fellow Americans have been victimized by gun violence because we are enthralled by the gun lobby. 
Who do we serve in this body if it 
isn’t the American people? It is the sa-cred responsibility of every Member of this body to protect that public, not a special interest lobby. Are we ever going to be willing to put aside what we perceive we owe that lobby and act on behalf of the American people? 
If we can’t do it in this example—pre-
venting guns from getting in the hands of people on a terrorist watch list—I would venture to guess, Mr. Speaker, that the American people who are watching this debate think it is made 
up, that it can’t be true, that it can’t be true that somebody on the terrorist 
watch list qualifies and is going to be protected by this body to exercise his Second Amendment right and buy a gun. Surely that cannot be true. 
I hope we examine our hearts as well 
as our minds in this discussion and come to our senses and do something vitally important for the American people. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
think most Americans think it is im-portant for the Constitution to be pro-tected. The Second Amendment is pro-tected. We have the right to bear arms. 
But most Americans would find our 
actions and inactions questionable at best because, after the 353rd mass mur-der, this Congress cannot come to-gether and vote on one simple bill, that is, that individuals on the no-fly and terrorist watch lists would not be able to purchase guns. 
Yes, my colleagues, today, as we 
stand here, they can purchase guns. They can purchase guns without im-prisonment, without charges. In mem-ory of San Bernardino, among the other failures that caused their deaths, the one we know of was the utilization of automatic weapons that shot thou-sands or hundreds of rounds—many rounds—killing these innocent persons. 
I rise today to say that we should not 
move from this place without passing the Peter King bill, which keeps guns— automatic weapons—out of the hands of terrorists. How simple a question. How simple an answer. Vote ‘‘yes’’ for the American people. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire as to how much time is left on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Washington has 11
1⁄2min-
utes remaining. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 3
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire if the gentleman has any fur-ther speakers? 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. I have one further 
speaker. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I am the last speak-
er on my side. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Ne-vada (Mr. A
MODEI ). 
Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Speaker, I don’t 
usually show up unannounced or uninvited. But I have listened to the debate on this, and I find absolutely amazing the outpouring of abhorrence for potential gun violence from a body that failed to have a moment of silence for Kate Steinle, that failed to do any-thing to recognize that instance of gun violence in the Bay Area. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.033 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9102 December 9, 2015 
So, as I sit here and listen to all of 
the deplorable, junior varsity theater on the message, I wonder: Why aren’t we doing something about that in-stance, which was put in the rearview mirror instantly and accelerate it away at the speed of light? 
America, the junior varsity theater 
is in session on this issue. I encourage you to skip the show. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself my remaining time. 
I am sorry that the previous speaker 
doesn’t see the importance of this issue and thinks that this is theater. I assure you that the vast majority of Ameri-cans—Democrats, Republicans, and Independents alike—think this is a very serious issue. 
Right now, according to the ATF, the 
people who cannot own a gun in this country are criminals, unlawful users of controlled substances, people who are mentally ill, people who have re-nounced their citizenship, and people who have been convicted of domestic violence. 
Our laws are clear on that. These 
people can’t go out and buy guns. Yet, when it comes to people who are sus-pected of terrorism, for some reason, we can’t apply the law to them. For some reason, there is a reluctance by some on the other side of the aisle—not all, but some—to do something about this. 
This is fairly easy. Congressman 
K
ING, a Republican from New York, has 
a bill that I think is fairly straight-forward. It basically says that people who are suspected of being terrorists, who right now can’t fly on airplanes, should not be able to go out and pur-chase a gun, should not be able to pur-chase a weapon of war. 
That concept is controversial in this 
House of Representatives. It is hard to fathom. People can’t quite understand what the problem is. 
Now, maybe my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle are going to in-troduce bills to allow us to be able to sell weapons to people who are con-victed of domestic violence or to people who are felons or to people who have renounced their citizenship. Maybe that is going to mysteriously come to the House floor. Maybe that is what the plan is, but I hope not. 
I don’t hear them saying that. I don’t 
hear people on the other side of the aisle saying we should do away with the no-fly list and allow suspected ter-rorists to be able to fly on airplanes with the American people. I don’t hear people asking to do that. So what is the problem? 
We are making a big deal of this. I 
am sorry the gentleman from Nevada doesn’t appreciate the importance of this issue, but we are making a big deal of this because it is a big deal. We need to do a lot of different things to pro-tect the American people, and this is one of them. No one is up here saying this will solve all of our problems, but we are saying this is an important piece that we ought to get done. I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to defeat the previous ques-tion. Allow us to have the opportunity to bring this up because we have tried every which way—we even have a dis-charge petition going to try to force a vote on this issue—and all we have en-countered is resistance, resistance, re-sistance. Give us the opportunity to de-liberate. Let the people’s House do the people’s business. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the previous question and to then vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
It has been an interesting hour in our 
discussion of private property rights in Texas and in Oklahoma. We have quite a broad subject here. Let me just say a couple of things before I close. 
It was just yesterday that the news-
paper in Los Angeles, the LA Times, which is not known to be a conserv-ative newspaper, stated: ‘‘One problem is that the people on the no-fly list’’— and Mr. M
CGOVERN was saying nobody 
wants to do anything about the no-fly list. 
The LA Times points out: ‘‘One prob-
lem is that the people on the no-fly list . . . have not been convicted of doing anything wrong . . . And the United States doesn’t generally punish or pe-nalize people unless and until they have been charged and convicted of a crime.’’ 
It continues: ‘‘But serious flaws in 
the list have been identified. According to the American Civil Liberties Union’’—the ACLU—‘‘which is suing the government over the no-fly list, the two lists include thousands of names that have been added in error . . .The no-fly list has also been used to deny boarding passes to people who only share a name with a suspected terrorist. Former Sen. Ted Kennedy’’— from your State of Massachusetts— ‘‘was famously questioned at airports in 2004 because a terror suspect had used the alias ‘T. Kennedy.’ It took the senator’s office three weeks to get his name cleared.’’ 
Does that sound like common sense 
to my colleagues? 
This is about upholding the Constitu-
tion, which we all swear an oath to every 2 years. Even the ACLU believes so. 
Mr. Speaker, even though this has 
been a great distraction by the other side, I think, to blur the fact that the current administration has no policy in place to defeat terrorism, to defeat ISIS, I think we need to keep our eye on the ball. 
The special terrorism task force has 
come up with fully 30 recommendations that I am hopeful the other side of the aisle will help us work through and pass in order to keep this country safe. 
This is a serious issue that all Ameri-
cans are concerned with. I am sure my office is no different than anyone else’s in that the majority of calls and con-tacts they have received over the last 
few weeks has been about security, about being safe in our country. 
I hope we can work in a bipartisan 
way to address the true issues that will keep Americans safe and not address the distractions that take away the at-tention from where it needs to be: on the lack of a clear policy on the admin-istration’s part to defeat terrorism. 
Let me get back to the underlying 
reason we are having this discussion this afternoon, Mr. Speaker, that being the Red River Private Property Protec-tion Act. 
For over 200 years, confusion and dis-
pute over the Texas-Oklahoma border have been ongoing staples of land man-agement in that region. I am sure my colleagues from Oklahoma and Texas would agree with me that the last thing we need further muddying this confusion is a Federal agency’s step-ping in and claiming ownership of a large portion of that area. 
Dozens of landowners along the Red 
River should not have to live in a rest-less state, unsure if the land they have held titles to, have worked hard to pay taxes on, and, in some cases, have owned for generations will suddenly be snatched up through a shoddily con-ducted survey. 
Conducting a survey using the Su-
preme Court’s approved gradient boundary method is the only way to truly find the boundary between public and private ownership to settle this dispute once and for all. 
b1430 
My colleagues from Oklahoma and 
Texas and their constituents deserve to have this matter finally settled and in a just fashion. H.R. 2130 protects pri-vate property and settles the question of ownership by requiring the BLM to commission a survey along the entire 116 mile stretch of the Red River using that gradient boundary survey method backed by the Supreme Court to deter-mine the property ownership boundary between private and public land. This bill ensures that the survey is done correctly, accurately, and according to the Supreme Court’s instructions. 
I support the rule’s adoption, and I 
urge my colleagues to support the pro-tection of private landowners, the States, and the affected tribal nations’ rights upheld by this rule and the un-derlying bill. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. M
CGOVERN of Massachusetts is 
as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 556 O FFERED BY  
MR. MCGOVERN OF MASSACHUSETTS  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1076) to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of a firearm or the issuance of firearms or explosives licenses to a known or suspected dangerous terrorist. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.034 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9103 December 9, 2015 
The first reading of the bill shall be dis-
pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 1076. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of 
amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 178, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 682] 
YEAS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk 
Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—178 
Adams Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.040 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9104 December 9, 2015 
Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Aguilar 
Barr Bishop (GA) Garamendi Green, Al Huffman 
Johnson, Sam Lee Perlmutter Rush Sanchez, Loretta 
Turner Wagner 
b1458 
Mr. ENGEL changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 682, 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
today I missed the following vote: Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 2130. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 241, noes 183, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 683] 
AYES—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford 
Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino 
Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—183 
Adams 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr 
Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Aguilar 
Bishop (GA) Franks (AZ) Johnson, Sam 
Kinzinger (IL) Perlmutter Rush 
Sanchez, Loretta Turner 
b1506 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 644, 
TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas submitted the 
following conference report and state-ment on the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthor-ize trade facilitation and trade enforce-ment functions and activities, and for other purposes: 
CONFERENCE REPORT (TOACCOMPANY H.R. 
644) 
The committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 644), to reau-thorize trade facilitation and trade enforce-ment functions and activities, and for other purposes, having met, after full and free con-ference, have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their respective Houses as fol-lows: 
That the Senate recede from its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate and agree to the same with an amendment as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted by the House amendment, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. 
TITLE I—TRADE FACILITATION AND 
TRADE ENFORCEMENT 
Sec. 101. Improving partnership programs. 
Sec. 102. Report on effectiveness of trade en-
forcement activities. 
Sec. 103. Priorities and performance standards 
for customs modernization, trade facilitation, and trade enforce-ment functions and programs. 
Sec. 104. Educational seminars to improve ef-
forts to classify and appraise im-ported articles, to improve trade enforcement efforts, and to other-wise facilitate legitimate inter-national trade. 
Sec. 105. Joint strategic plan. Sec. 106. Automated Commercial Environment. Sec. 107. International Trade Data System. Sec. 108. Consultations with respect to mutual 
recognition arrangements. 
Sec. 109. Commercial Customs Operations Advi-
sory Committee. 
Sec. 110. Centers of Excellence and Expertise. Sec. 111. Commercial risk assessment targeting 
and trade alerts. 
Sec. 112. Report on oversight of revenue protec-
tion and enforcement measures. 
Sec. 113. Report on security and revenue meas-
ures with respect to merchandise transported in bond. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.042 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9105 December 9, 2015 
Sec. 114. Importer of record program. 
Sec. 115. Establishment of importer risk assess-
ment program. 
Sec. 116. Customs broker identification of im-
porters. 
Sec. 117. Priority trade issues. Sec. 118. Appropriate congressional committees 
defined. 
TITLE II—IMPORT HEALTH AND SAFETY 
Sec. 201. Interagency import safety working 
group. 
Sec. 202. Joint import safety rapid response 
plan. 
Sec. 203. Training. 
TITLE III—IMPORT-RELATED PROTECTION 
OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
Sec. 301. Definition of intellectual property 
rights. 
Sec. 302. Exchange of information related to 
trade enforcement. 
Sec. 303. Seizure of circumvention devices. Sec. 304. Enforcement by U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection of works for which copyright registration is pending. 
Sec. 305. National Intellectual Property Rights 
Coordination Center. 
Sec. 306. Joint strategic plan for the enforce-
ment of intellectual property rights. 
Sec. 307. Personnel dedicated to the enforce-
ment of intellectual property rights. 
Sec. 308. Training with respect to the enforce-
ment of intellectual property rights. 
Sec. 309. International cooperation and infor-
mation sharing. 
Sec. 310. Report on intellectual property rights 
enforcement. 
Sec. 311. Information for travelers regarding 
violations of intellectual property rights. 
TITLE IV—PREVENTION OF EVASION OF 
ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS 
Sec. 401. Short title. 
Sec. 402. Definitions. Sec. 403. Application to Canada and Mexico. 
Subtitle A—Actions Relating to Enforcement of 
Trade Remedy Laws 
Sec. 411. Trade remedy law enforcement divi-
sion. 
Sec. 412. Collection of information on evasion of 
trade remedy laws. 
Sec. 413. Access to information. Sec. 414. Cooperation with foreign countries on 
preventing evasion of trade rem-edy laws. 
Sec. 415. Trade negotiating objectives. 
Subtitle B—Investigation of Evasion of Trade 
Remedy Laws 
Sec. 421. Procedures for investigating claims of 
evasion of antidumping and coun-tervailing duty orders. 
Subtitle C—Other Matters 
Sec. 431. Allocation and training of personnel. 
Sec. 432. Annual report on prevention and in-
vestigation of evasion of anti-dumping and countervailing duty orders. 
Sec. 433. Addressing circumvention by new 
shippers. 
TITLE V—SMALL BUSINESS TRADE ISSUES 
AND STATE TRADE COORDINATION 
Sec. 501. Short title. 
Sec. 502. Outreach and input from small busi-
nesses to trade promotion author-ity. 
Sec. 503. State Trade Expansion Program. Sec. 504. State and Federal Export Promotion 
Coordination. 
Sec. 505. State trade coordination. 
TITLE VI—ADDITIONAL ENFORCEMENT 
PROVISIONS 
Sec. 601. Trade enforcement priorities. Sec. 602. Exercise of WTO authorization to sus-
pend concessions or other obliga-tions under trade agreements. 
Sec. 603. Trade monitoring. Sec. 604. Establishment of Interagency Center 
on Trade Implementation, Moni-toring, and Enforcement. 
Sec. 605. Inclusion of interest in certain dis-
tributions of antidumping duties and countervailing duties. 
Sec. 606. Illicitly imported, exported, or traf-
ficked cultural property, archae-ological or ethnological materials, and fish, wildlife, and plants. 
Sec. 607. Enforcement under title III of the 
Trade Act of 1974 with respect to certain acts, policies, and prac-tices. 
Sec. 608. Honey transshipment. Sec. 609. Establishment of Chief Innovation and 
Intellectual Property Negotiator. 
Sec. 610. Measures relating to countries that 
deny adequate protection for in-tellectual property rights. 
Sec. 611. Trade Enforcement Trust Fund. 
TITLE VII—ENGAGEMENT ON CURRENCY 
EXCHANGE RATE AND ECONOMIC POLI-CIES 
Sec. 701. Enhancement of engagement on cur-
rency exchange rate and economic policies with certain major trad-ing partners of the United States. 
Sec. 702. Advisory Committee on International 
Exchange Rate Policy. 
TITLE VIII—MATTERS RELATING TO U.S. 
CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION 
Subtitle A—Establishment of U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection 
Sec. 801. Short title. 
Sec. 802. Establishment of U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection. 
Subtitle B—Preclearance Operations 
Sec. 811. Short title. 
Sec. 812. Definitions. Sec. 813. Establishment of preclearance oper-
ations. 
Sec. 814. Notification and certification to Con-
gress. 
Sec. 815. Protocols. Sec. 816. Lost and stolen passports. Sec. 817. Recovery of initial U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection preclearance operations costs. 
Sec. 818. Collection and disposition of funds 
collected for immigration inspec-tion services and preclearance ac-tivities. 
Sec. 819. Application to new and existing 
preclearance operations. 
TITLE IX—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Sec. 901. De minimis value. 
Sec. 902. Consultation on trade and customs 
revenue functions. 
Sec. 903. Penalties for customs brokers. Sec. 904. Amendments to chapter 98 of the Har-
monized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
Sec. 905. Exemption from duty of residue of 
bulk cargo contained in instru-ments of international traffic pre-viously exported from the United States. 
Sec. 906. Drawback and refunds. Sec. 907. Report on certain U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection agreements. 
Sec. 908. Charter flights. Sec. 909. United States-Israel trade and com-
mercial enhancement. 
Sec. 910. Elimination of consumptive demand 
exception to prohibition on impor-tation of goods made with convict labor, forced labor, or indentured labor; report. 
Sec. 911. Voluntary reliquidations by U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection. Sec. 912. Tariff classification of recreational 
performance outerwear. 
Sec. 913. Modifications to duty treatment of 
protective active footwear. 
Sec. 914. Amendments to Bipartisan Congres-
sional Trade Priorities and Ac-countability Act of 2015. 
Sec. 915. Trade preferences for Nepal. Sec. 916. Agreement by Asia-Pacific Economic 
Cooperation members to reduce rates of duty on certain environ-mental goods. 
Sec. 917. Amendment to Tariff Act of 1930 to re-
quire country of origin marking of certain castings. 
Sec. 918. Inclusion of certain information in 
submission of nomination for ap-pointment as Deputy United States Trade Representative. 
Sec. 919. Sense of Congress on the need for a 
miscellaneous tariff bill process. 
Sec. 920. Customs user fees. Sec. 921. Increase in penalty for failure to file 
return of tax. 
Sec. 922. Permanent moratorium on Internet ac-
cess taxes and on multiple and discriminatory taxes on electronic commerce. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) A UTOMATED COMMERCIAL ENVIRONMENT .— 
The term ‘‘Automated Commercial Environ-ment’’ means the Automated Commercial Envi-ronment computer system authorized under sec-tion 13031(f)(4) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)). 
(2) C
OMMERCIAL OPERATIONS OF U .S. CUSTOMS  
AND BORDER PROTECTION .—The term ‘‘commer-
cial operations of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection’’ includes— 
(A) administering any customs revenue func-
tion (as defined in section 415 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 215)); 
(B) coordinating efforts of the Department of 
Homeland Security with respect to trade facili-tation and trade enforcement; 
(C) coordinating with the Director of U.S. Im-
migration and Customs Enforcement with re-spect to— 
(i) investigations relating to trade enforce-
ment; and 
(ii) the development and implementation of 
the joint strategic plan required by section 105; 
(D) coordinating, on behalf of the Department 
of Homeland Security, efforts among Federal agencies to facilitate legitimate trade and to en-force the customs and trade laws of the United States, including representing the Department of Homeland Security in interagency fora ad-dressing such efforts; 
(E) coordinating with customs authorities of 
foreign countries to facilitate legitimate inter-national trade and enforce the customs and trade laws of the United States and the customs and trade laws of foreign countries; 
(F) collecting, assessing, and disseminating 
information as appropriate and in accordance with any law regarding cargo destined for the United States— 
(i) to ensure that such cargo complies with the 
customs and trade laws of the United States; and 
(ii) to facilitate the legitimate international 
trade of such cargo; 
(G) soliciting and considering on a regular 
basis input from private sector entities, includ-ing the Commercial Customs Operations Advi-sory Committee established by section 109 and the Trade Support Network, with respect to, as appropriate— 
(i) the implementation of changes to the cus-
toms and trade laws of the United States; and 
(ii) the development, implementation, or revi-
sion of policies or regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and 
(H) otherwise advising the Secretary of Home-
land Security with respect to the development of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9106 December 9, 2015 
policies associated with facilitating legitimate 
trade and enforcing the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
(3) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commissioner’’ 
means the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, as described in section 411(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amend-ed by section 802(a) of this Act. 
(4) C
USTOMS AND TRADE LAWS OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—The term ‘‘customs and trade laws of 
the United States’’ includes the following: 
(A) The Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1202 et 
seq.). 
(B) Section 249 of the Revised Statutes (19 
U.S.C. 3). 
(C) Section 2 of the Act of March 4, 1923 (42 
Stat. 1453, chapter 251; 19 U.S.C. 6). 
(D) The Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, 
chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2071 et seq.). 
(E) Section 13031 of the Consolidated Omnibus 
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c). 
(F) Section 251 of the Revised Statutes (19 
U.S.C. 66). 
(G) Section 1 of the Act of June 26, 1930 (46 
Stat. 817, chapter 617; 19 U.S.C. 68). 
(H) The Act of June 18, 1934 (48 Stat. 998, 
chapter 590; 19 U.S.C. 81a et seq.; commonly known as the ‘‘Foreign Trade Zones Act’’). 
(I) Section 1 of the Act of March 2, 1911 (36 
Stat. 965, chapter 191; 19 U.S.C. 198). 
(J) The Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2101 et 
seq.). 
(K) The Trade Agreements Act of 1979 (19 
U.S.C. 2501 et seq.). 
(L) The North American Free Trade Agree-
ment Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.). 
(M) The Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 
U.S.C. 3501 et seq.). 
(N) The Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery 
Act (19 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). 
(O) The Andean Trade Preference Act (19 
U.S.C. 3201 et seq.). 
(P) The African Growth and Opportunity Act 
(19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.). 
(Q) The Customs Enforcement Act of 1986 
(Public Law 99–570; 100 Stat. 3207–79). 
(R) The Customs and Trade Act of 1990 (Pub-
lic Law 101–382; 104 Stat. 629). 
(S) The Customs Procedural Reform and Sim-
plification Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–410; 92 Stat. 888). 
(T) The Trade Act of 2002 (Public Law 107– 
210; 116 Stat. 933). 
(U) The Convention on Cultural Property Im-
plementation Act (19 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.). 
(V) The Act of March 28, 1928 (45 Stat. 374, 
chapter 266; 19 U.S.C. 2077 et seq.). 
(W) The Act of August 7, 1939 (53 Stat. 1262, 
chapter 566). 
(X) The Bipartisan Congressional Trade Pri-
orities and Accountability Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–26; 19 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.). 
(Y) The Trade Preferences Extension Act of 
2015 (Public Law 114–27; 129 Stat. 362). 
(Z) Any other provision of law implementing a 
trade agreement. 
(AA) Any other provision of law vesting cus-
toms revenue functions in the Secretary of the Treasury. 
(BB) Any other provision of law relating to 
trade facilitation or trade enforcement that is administered by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection on behalf of any Federal agency that is required to participate in the International Trade Data System established under section 411(d) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1411(d)). 
(CC) Any other provision of customs or trade 
law administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement. 
(5) P
RIVATE SECTOR ENTITY .—The term ‘‘pri-
vate sector entity’’ means— 
(A) an importer; (B) an exporter; (C) a forwarder; (D) an air, sea, or land carrier or shipper; 
(E) a contract logistics provider; (F) a customs broker; or (G) any other person (other than an employee 
of a government) affected by the implementation of the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
(6) T
RADE ENFORCEMENT .—The term ‘‘trade 
enforcement’’ means the enforcement of the cus-toms and trade laws of the United States. 
(7) T
RADE FACILITATION .—The term ‘‘trade fa-
cilitation’’ refers to policies and activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection with re-spect to facilitating the movement of merchan-dise into and out of the United States in a man-ner that complies with the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
TITLE I—TRADE FACILITATION AND 
TRADE ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 101. IMPROVING PARTNERSHIP PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to advance the se-
curity, trade enforcement, and trade facilitation missions of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the Commissioner shall ensure that partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection established before the date of the enactment of this Act, such as the Customs–Trade Partner-ship Against Terrorism established under sub-title B of title II of the Security and Account-ability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.), and partnership programs of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection established on or after such date of enactment, provide trade ben-efits to private sector entities that meet the re-quirements for participation in those programs established by the Commissioner under this sec-tion. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—In developing and operating 
partnership programs under subsection (a), the Commissioner shall— 
(1) consult with private sector entities, the 
public, and other Federal agencies when appro-priate, to ensure that participants in those pro-grams receive commercially significant and measurable trade benefits, including providing preclearance of merchandise for qualified per-sons that demonstrate the highest levels of com-pliance with the customs and trade laws of the United States, regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and other requirements the Commissioner determines to be necessary; 
(2) ensure an integrated and transparent sys-
tem of trade benefits and compliance require-ments for all partnership programs of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection; 
(3) consider consolidating partnership pro-
grams in situations in which doing so would support the objectives of such programs, in-crease participation in such programs, enhance the trade benefits provided to participants in such programs, and enhance the allocation of the resources of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; 
(4) coordinate with the Director of U.S. Immi-
gration and Customs Enforcement, and other Federal agencies with authority to detain and release merchandise entering the United States— 
(A) to ensure coordination in the release of 
such merchandise through the Automated Com-mercial Environment, or its predecessor, and the International Trade Data System established under section 411(d) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1411(d)); 
(B) to ensure that the partnership programs of 
those agencies are compatible with the partner-ship programs of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; 
(C) to develop criteria for authorizing the re-
lease, on an expedited basis, of merchandise for which documentation is required from one or more of those agencies to clear or license the merchandise for entry into the United States; and 
(D) to create pathways, within and among the 
appropriate Federal agencies, for qualified per-sons that demonstrate the highest levels of com-pliance with the customs and trade laws of the 
United States to receive immediate clearance ab-sent information that a transaction may pose a national security or compliance threat; and 
(5) ensure that trade benefits are provided to 
participants in partnership programs. 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than the 
date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and not later than December 31 of each calendar year thereafter, the Commis-sioner shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report that— 
(1) identifies each partnership program re-
ferred to in subsection (a); 
(2) for each such program, identifies— 
(A) the requirements for participants in the 
program; 
(B) the commercially significant and measur-
able trade benefits provided to participants in the program; 
(C) the number of participants in the program; 
and 
(D) in the case of a program that provides for 
participation at multiple tiers, the number of participants at each such tier; 
(3) identifies the number of participants en-
rolled in more than one such partnership pro-gram; 
(4) assesses the effectiveness of each such 
partnership program in advancing the security, trade enforcement, and trade facilitation mis-sions of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, based on historical developments, the level of participation in the program, and the evolution of benefits provided to participants in the pro-gram; 
(5) summarizes the efforts of U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection to work with other Federal agencies with authority to detain and release merchandise entering the United States to en-sure that partnership programs of those agen-cies are compatible with partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(6) summarizes criteria developed with those 
agencies for authorizing the release, on an expe-dited basis, of merchandise for which docu-mentation is required from one or more of those agencies to clear or license the merchandise for entry into the United States; 
(7) summarizes the efforts of U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection to work with private sector entities and the public to develop and improve such partnership programs; 
(8) describes measures taken by U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection to make private sector entities aware of the trade benefits available to participants in such partnership programs; and 
(9) summarizes the plans, targets, and goals of 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection with re-spect to such partnership programs for the 2 years following the submission of the report. 
SEC. 102. REPORT ON EFFECTIVENESS OF TRADE 
ENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a report on the effectiveness of trade en-forcement activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include— 
(1) a description of the use of resources, re-
sults of audits and verifications, targeting, or-ganization, and training of personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(2) a description of trade enforcement activi-
ties to address undervaluation, transshipment, legitimacy of entities making entry, protection of revenues, fraud prevention and detection, and penalties, including intentional misclassification, inadequate bonding, and other misrepresentations; and 
(3) a description of trade enforcement activi-
ties with respect to the priority trade issues de-scribed in section 117, including— 
(A) methodologies used in such enforcement 
activities, such as targeting; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9107 December 9, 2015 
(B) recommendations for improving such en-
forcement activities; and 
(C) a description of the implementation of pre-
vious recommendations for improving such en-forcement activities. 
(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by 
subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 103. PRIORITIES AND PERFORMANCE 
STANDARDS FOR CUSTOMS MOD-ERNIZATION, TRADE FACILITATION, AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT FUNC-TIONS AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) P RIORITIES AND PERFORMANCE STAND -
ARDS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner, in con-
sultation with the appropriate congressional committees, shall establish priorities and per-formance standards to measure the development and levels of achievement of the customs mod-ernization, trade facilitation, and trade enforce-ment functions and programs described in sub-section (b). 
(2) M
INIMUM PRIORITIES AND STANDARDS .— 
Such priorities and performance standards shall, at a minimum, include priorities and standards relating to efficiency, outcome, out-put, and other types of applicable measures. 
(b) F
UNCTIONS AND PROGRAMS DESCRIBED .— 
The functions and programs referred to in sub-section (a) are the following: 
(1) The Automated Commercial Environment. (2) Each of the priority trade issues described 
in section 117. 
(3) The Centers of Excellence and Expertise 
described in section 110. 
(4) Drawback for exported merchandise under 
section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313), as amended by section 906 of this Act. 
(5) Transactions relating to imported mer-
chandise in bond. 
(6) Collection of countervailing duties assessed 
under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and antidumping duties assessed under subtitle B of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673 et seq.). 
(7) The expedited clearance of cargo. (8) The issuance of regulations and rulings. (9) The issuance of Regulatory Audit Reports. (c) C
ONSULTATIONS AND NOTIFICATION .— 
(1) C ONSULTATIONS .—The consultations re-
quired by subsection (a)(1) shall occur, at a min-imum, on an annual basis. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The Commissioner shall 
notify the appropriate congressional committees of any changes to the priorities or performance standards referred to in subsection (a) not later than 30 days before such changes are to take ef-fect. 
SEC. 104. EDUCATIONAL SEMINARS TO IMPROVE 
EFFORTS TO CLASSIFY AND AP-PRAISE IMPORTED ARTICLES, TO IM-PROVE TRADE ENFORCEMENT EF-FORTS, AND TO OTHERWISE FACILI-TATE LEGITIMATE INTERNATIONAL TRADE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Commissioner and 
the Director shall establish and carry out on a fiscal year basis educational seminars to— 
(1) improve the ability of personnel of U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection to classify and appraise articles imported into the United States in accordance with the customs and trade laws of the United States; 
(2) improve the trade enforcement efforts of 
personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion and personnel of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
(3) otherwise improve the ability and effective-
ness of personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and personnel of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to facilitate legitimate international trade. 
(b) C
ONTENT .— 
(1) C LASSIFYING AND APPRAISING IMPORTED AR -
TICLES .—In carrying out subsection (a)(1), the 
Commissioner, the Director, and interested par-ties in the private sector selected under sub-section (c) shall provide instruction and related 
instructional materials at each educational sem-inar carried out under this section to personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and, as appropriate, to personnel of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement on the following: 
(A) Conducting a physical inspection of an 
article imported into the United States, includ-ing testing of samples of the article, to determine if the article is mislabeled in the manifest or other accompanying documentation. 
(B) Reviewing the manifest and other accom-
panying documentation of an article imported into the United States to determine if the coun-try of origin of the article listed in the manifest or other accompanying documentation is accu-rate. 
(C) Customs valuation. (D) Industry supply chains and other related 
matters as determined to be appropriate by the Commissioner. 
(2) T
RADE ENFORCEMENT EFFORTS .—In car-
rying out subsection (a)(2), the Commissioner, the Director, and interested parties in the pri-vate sector selected under subsection (c) shall provide instruction and related instructional materials at each educational seminar carried out under this section to personnel of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection and, as appropriate, to personnel of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to identify opportunities to en-hance enforcement of the following: 
(A) Collection of countervailing duties as-
sessed under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and anti-dumping duties assessed under subtitle B of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673 et seq.). 
(B) Addressing evasion of duties on imports of 
textiles. 
(C) Protection of intellectual property rights. (D) Enforcement of child labor laws. (3) A
PPROVAL OF COMMISSIONER AND DIREC -
TOR.—The instruction and related instructional 
materials at each educational seminar carried out under this section shall be subject to the ap-proval of the Commissioner and the Director. 
(c) S
ELECTION PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall es-
tablish a process to solicit, evaluate, and select interested parties in the private sector for pur-poses of assisting in providing instruction and related instructional materials described in sub-section (b) at each educational seminar carried out under this section. 
(2) C
RITERIA .—The Commissioner shall evalu-
ate and select interested parties in the private sector under the process established under para-graph (1) based on— 
(A) availability and usefulness; (B) the volume, value, and incidence of 
mislabeling or misidentification of origin of im-ported articles; and 
(C) other appropriate criteria established by 
the Commissioner. 
(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Commissioner 
and the Director shall publish in the Federal Register a detailed description of the process es-tablished under paragraph (1) and the criteria established under paragraph (2). 
(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ANTIDUMPING AND  
COUNTERVAILING DUTYORDERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall give 
due consideration to carrying out an edu-cational seminar under this section in whole or in part to improve the ability of personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to enforce a countervailing or antidumping duty order issued under section 706 or 736 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671e or 1673e) upon the re-quest of a petitioner in an action underlying such countervailing or antidumping duty order. 
(2) I
NTERESTED PARTY .—A petitioner described 
in paragraph (1) shall be treated as an inter-ested party in the private sector for purposes of the requirements of this section. 
(e) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARDS .—The Commis-
sioner and the Director shall establish perform-ance standards to measure the development and 
level of achievement of educational seminars carried out under this section. 
(f) R
EPORTING .—Not later than September 30, 
2016, and annually thereafter, the Commissioner and the Director shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the effec-tiveness of educational seminars carried out under this section. 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) D IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
(2) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘‘United States’’ 
means the customs territory of the United States, as defined in General Note 2 to the Har-monized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
(3) U.S. 
CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  
PERSONNEL .—The term ‘‘U.S. Customs and Bor-
der Protection personnel’’ means import special-ists, auditors, and other appropriate employees of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(4) U.S. 
IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCE -
MENT PERSONNEL .—The term ‘‘U.S. Immigration 
and Customs Enforcement personnel’’ means Homeland Security Investigations Directorate personnel and other appropriate employees of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
SEC. 105. JOINT STRATEGIC PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Commissioner and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall jointly develop and submit to the appropriate congressional committees a joint strategic plan. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The joint strategic plan re-
quired under this section shall be comprised of a comprehensive multiyear plan for trade enforce-ment and trade facilitation, and shall include— 
(1) a summary of actions taken during the 2- 
year period preceding the submission of the plan to improve trade enforcement and trade facilita-tion, including a description and analysis of specific performance measures to evaluate the progress of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in meeting each such responsibility; 
(2) a statement of objectives and plans for fur-
ther improving trade enforcement and trade fa-cilitation; 
(3) a specific identification of the priority 
trade issues described in section 117 that can be addressed in order to enhance trade enforcement and trade facilitation, and a description of strategies and plans for addressing each such issue, including— 
(A) a description of the targeting methodolo-
gies used for enforcement activities with respect to each such issue; 
(B) recommendations for improving such en-
forcement activities; and 
(C) a description of the implementation of pre-
vious recommendations for improving such en-forcement activities; 
(4) a description of efforts made to improve 
consultation and coordination among and with-in Federal agencies, and in particular between U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, regard-ing trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
(5) a description of the training that has oc-
curred to date within U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to improve trade enforcement and trade facilitation, including training at edu-cational seminars carried out under section 104; 
(6) a description of efforts to work with the 
World Customs Organization and other inter-national organizations, in consultation with other Federal agencies as appropriate, with re-spect to enhancing trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
(7) a description of U.S. Custom and Border 
Protection organizational benchmarks for opti-mizing staffing and wait times at ports of entry; 
(8) a specific identification of any domestic or 
international best practices that may further im-prove trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9108 December 9, 2015 
(9) any legislative recommendations to further 
improve trade enforcement and trade facilita-tion; and 
(10) a description of efforts made to improve 
consultation and coordination with the private sector to enhance trade enforcement and trade facilitation. 
(c) C
ONSULTATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In developing the joint stra-
tegic plan required under this section, the Com-missioner and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall consult with— 
(A) appropriate officials from relevant Federal 
agencies, including— 
(i) the Department of the Treasury; (ii) the Department of Agriculture; (iii) the Department of Commerce; (iv) the Department of Justice; (v) the Department of the Interior; (vi) the Department of Health and Human 
Services; 
(vii) the Food and Drug Administration; (viii) the Consumer Product Safety Commis-
sion; and 
(ix) the Office of the United States Trade Rep-
resentative; and 
(B) the Commercial Customs Operations Advi-
sory Committee established by section 109. 
(2) O
THER CONSULTATIONS .—In developing the 
joint strategic plan required under this section, the Commissioner and the Director shall seek to consult with— 
(A) appropriate officials from relevant foreign 
law enforcement agencies and international or-ganizations, including the World Customs Orga-nization; and 
(B) interested parties in the private sector. (d) F
ORM OF PLAN.—The joint strategic plan 
required under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 106. AUTOMATED COMMERCIAL ENVIRON-
MENT. 
(a) F UNDING .—Section 13031(f)(4)(B) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)(B)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘2003 through 2005’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘2016 through 2018’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘such amounts as are available 
in that Account’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $153,736,000’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘for the development’’ and in-
serting ‘‘to complete the development and imple-mentation’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 
2016, the Commissioner shall submit to the Com-mittee on Appropriations and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report detailing— 
(A) U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s in-
corporation of all core trade processing capabili-ties, including cargo release, entry summary, cargo manifest, cargo financial data, and export data elements, into the Automated Commercial Environment not later than September 30, 2016, to conform with the admissibility criteria of agencies participating in the International Trade Data System identified pursuant to para-graph (4)(A)(iii) of section 411(d) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1411(d)), as added by sec-tion 107 of this Act; 
(B) U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s re-
maining priorities for processing entry summary data elements, cargo manifest data elements, cargo financial data elements, and export ele-ments in the Automated Commercial Environ-ment, and the objectives and plans for imple-menting these remaining priorities; 
(C) the components of the National Customs 
Automation Program specified in section 411(a)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 that have not been implemented; and 
(D) any additional components of the Na-
tional Customs Automation Program initiated by the Commissioner to complete the develop-ment, establishment, and implementation of the 
Automated Commercial Environment. 
(2) U
PDATE OF REPORTS .—Not later than Sep-
tember 30, 2017, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Represent-atives an updated report addressing each of the matters referred to in paragraph (1), and— 
(A) evaluating the effectiveness of the imple-
mentation of the Automated Commercial Envi-ronment; and 
(B) detailing the percentage of trade processed 
in the Automated Commercial Environment every month since September 30, 2016. 
(3) R
EPEAL .—Section 311(b) of the Customs 
Border Security Act of 2002 (19 U.S.C. 2075 note) is amended by striking paragraph (3). 
(c) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE RE-
PORT.—Not later than December 31, 2017, the 
Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Represent-atives a report— 
(1) assessing the progress of other Federal 
agencies in accessing and utilizing the Auto-mated Commercial Environment; and 
(2) assessing the potential cost savings to the 
United States Government and importers and exporters and the potential benefits to enforce-ment of the customs and trade laws of the United States if the elements identified in sub-paragraphs (A) through (D) of subsection (b)(1) are implemented. 
SEC. 107. INTERNATIONAL TRADE DATA SYSTEM. 
Section 411(d) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1411(d)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(7) as paragraphs (5) through (8), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) I NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUC -
TURE.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall work 
with the head of each agency participating in the ITDS and the Interagency Steering Com-mittee to ensure that each agency— 
‘‘(i) develops and maintains the necessary in-
formation technology infrastructure to support the operation of the ITDS and to submit all data to the ITDS electronically; 
‘‘(ii) enters into a memorandum of under-
standing, or takes such other action as is nec-essary, to provide for the information sharing between the agency and U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection necessary for the operation and maintenance of the ITDS; 
‘‘(iii) not later than June 30, 2016, identifies 
and transmits to the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection the admissibility cri-teria and data elements required by the agency to authorize the release of cargo by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection for incorporation into the operational functionality of the Auto-mated Commercial Environment computer sys-tem authorized under section 13031(f)(4) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget and Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)); and 
‘‘(iv) not later than December 31, 2016, utilizes 
the ITDS as the primary means of receiving from users the standard set of data and other relevant documentation, exclusive of applica-tions for permits, licenses, or certifications re-quired for the release of imported cargo and clearance of cargo for export. 
‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
paragraph shall be construed to require any ac-tion to be taken that would compromise an on-going law enforcement investigation or would compromise national security.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (8), as redesignated, by strik-
ing ‘‘section 9503(c) of the Omnibus Budget Rec-onciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 109 of the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015’’. SEC. 108. CONSULTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO MU-
TUAL RECOGNITION ARRANGE-MENTS. 
(a) C ONSULTATIONS .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security, with respect to any proposed mu-tual recognition arrangement or similar agree-ment between the United States and a foreign government providing for mutual recognition of supply chain security programs and customs revenue functions, shall consult with the appro-priate congressional committees— 
(1) not later than 30 days before initiating ne-
gotiations to enter into any such arrangement or similar agreement; and 
(2) not later than 30 days before entering into 
any such arrangement or similar agreement. 
(b) N
EGOTIATING OBJECTIVE .—It shall be a ne-
gotiating objective of the United States in any negotiation for a mutual recognition arrange-ment or similar agreement with a foreign coun-try on partnership programs, such as the Cus-toms–Trade Partnership Against Terrorism es-tablished under subtitle B of title II of the Secu-rity and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.), to seek to ensure the compatibility of the partnership programs of that country with the partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to enhance security, trade facilitation, and trade enforce-ment. 
SEC. 109. COMMERCIAL CUSTOMS OPERATIONS 
ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than the date 
that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall jointly establish a Commercial Customs Operations Ad-visory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Advisory Committee’’). 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee 
shall be comprised of— 
(A) 20 individuals appointed under paragraph 
(2); 
(B) the Assistant Secretary for Tax Policy of 
the Department of the Treasury and the Com-missioner, who shall jointly co-chair meetings of the Advisory Committee; and 
(C) the Assistant Secretary for Policy and the 
Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, who shall serve as deputy co-chairs of meetings of the Advisory Committee. 
(2) A
PPOINTMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall jointly appoint 20 individuals from the pri-vate sector to the Advisory Committee. 
(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In making appointments 
under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall appoint members— 
(i) to ensure that the membership of the Advi-
sory Committee is representative of the individ-uals and firms affected by the commercial oper-ations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and 
(ii) without regard to political affiliation. (C) T
ERMS .—Each individual appointed to the 
Advisory Committee under this paragraph shall be appointed for a term of not more than 3 years, and may be reappointed to subsequent terms, but may not serve more than 2 terms se-quentially. 
(3) T
RANSFER OF MEMBERSHIP .—The Secretary 
of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security may transfer members serving on the Advisory Committee on Commercial Operations of the United States Customs Service established under section 9503(c) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act to the Advisory Committee established under subsection (a). 
(c) D
UTIES .—The Advisory Committee estab-
lished under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) advise the Secretary of the Treasury and 
the Secretary of Homeland Security on all mat-ters involving the commercial operations of U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9109 December 9, 2015 
Customs and Border Protection, including ad-
vising with respect to significant changes that are proposed with respect to regulations, poli-cies, or practices of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(2) provide recommendations to the Secretary 
of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security on improvements to the commercial op-erations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(3) collaborate in developing the agenda for 
Advisory Committee meetings; and 
(4) perform such other functions relating to 
the commercial operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection as prescribed by law or as the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security jointly direct. 
(d) M
EETINGS .—Notwithstanding section 10(f) 
of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), the Advisory Committee shall meet at the call of the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security, or at the call of not less than 
2⁄3of the membership of the Advi-
sory Committee. The Advisory Committee shall meet at least 4 times each calendar year. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than Decem-
ber 31, 2016, and annually thereafter, the Advi-sory Committee shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a report that— 
(1) describes the activities of the Advisory 
Committee during the preceding fiscal year; and 
(2) sets forth any recommendations of the Ad-
visory Committee regarding the commercial oper-ations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .—Section 14(a)(2) of the Fed-
eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.; re-lating to the termination of advisory committees) shall not apply to the Advisory Committee. 
(g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Effective on the date on 
which the Advisory Committee is established under subsection (a), section 9503(c) of the Om-nibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is repealed. 
(2) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in law to the 
Advisory Committee on Commercial Operations of the United States Customs Service established under section 9503(c) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) made on or after the date on which the Advisory Committee is established under subsection (a), shall be deemed a reference to the Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee estab-lished under subsection (a). 
SEC. 110. CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE AND EXPER-
TISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner shall, in 
consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and the Commercial Customs Oper-ations Advisory Committee established under section 109, develop and implement Centers of Excellence and Expertise throughout U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection that— 
(1) enhance the economic competitiveness of 
the United States by consistently enforcing the laws and regulations of the United States at all ports of entry of the United States and by facili-tating the flow of legitimate trade through in-creasing industry-based knowledge; 
(2) improve enforcement efforts, including en-
forcement of priority trade issues described in section 117, in specific industry sectors through the application of targeting information from the National Targeting Center under section 111 and from other means of verification; 
(3) build upon the expertise of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection in particular industry operations, supply chains, and compliance re-quirements; 
(4) promote the uniform implementation at 
each port of entry of the United States of poli-cies and regulations relating to imports; 
(5) centralize the trade enforcement and trade 
facilitation efforts of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(6) formalize an account-based approach to 
apply, as the Commissioner determines appro-priate, to the importation of merchandise into 
the United States; 
(7) foster partnerships though the expansion 
of trade programs and other trusted partner programs; 
(8) develop applicable performance measure-
ments to meet internal efficiency and effective-ness goals; and 
(9) whenever feasible, facilitate a more effi-
cient flow of information between Federal agen-cies. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 
2016, the Commissioner shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report de-scribing— 
(1) the scope, functions, and structure of each 
Center of Excellence and Expertise developed and implemented under subsection (a); 
(2) the effectiveness of each such Center of 
Excellence and Expertise in improving enforce-ment efforts, including enforcement of priority trade issues described in section 117, and facili-tating legitimate trade; 
(3) the quantitative and qualitative benefits of 
each such Center of Excellence and Expertise to the trade community, including through fos-tering partnerships through the expansion of trade programs such as the Importer Self Assess-ment program and other trusted partner pro-grams; 
(4) all applicable performance measurements 
with respect to each such Center of Excellence and Expertise, including performance measures with respect to meeting internal efficiency and effectiveness goals; 
(5) the performance of each such Center of Ex-
cellence and Expertise in increasing the accu-racy and completeness of data with respect to international trade and facilitating a more effi-cient flow of information between Federal agen-cies; and 
(6) any planned changes in the number, scope, 
functions, or any other aspect of the Centers of Excellence and Expertise developed and imple-mented under subsection (a). 
SEC. 111. COMMERCIAL RISK ASSESSMENT TAR-
GETING AND TRADE ALERTS. 
(a) C OMMERCIAL RISK ASSESSMENT TAR-
GETING .—In carrying out its duties under sec-
tion 411(g)(4) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 802(a) of this Act, the National Targeting Center, in coordination with the Office of Trade established under section 4 of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chap-ter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2071 et seq.), as added by sec-tion 802(h) of this Act, as appropriate, shall— 
(1) establish targeted risk assessment meth-
odologies and standards— 
(A) for evaluating the risk that cargo destined 
for the United States may violate the customs and trade laws of the United States, particu-larly those laws applicable to merchandise sub-ject to the priority trade issues described in sec-tion 117; and 
(B) for issuing, as appropriate, Trade Alerts 
described in subsection (b); 
(2) to the extent practicable and otherwise au-
thorized by law, use, to administer the meth-odologies and standards established under para-graph (1)— 
(A) publicly available information; (B) information available from the Automated 
Commercial System, the Automated Commercial Environment, the Automated Targeting System, the Automated Export System, the International Trade Data System established under section 411(d) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1411(d)), the TECS (formerly known as the ‘‘Treasury Enforcement Communications Sys-tem’’), the case management system of U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement, and any successor systems; and 
(C) information made available to the Na-
tional Targeting Center, including information provided by private sector entities; 
(3) provide for the receipt and transmission to 
the appropriate U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection offices of allegations from interested par-ties in the private sector of violations of customs 
and trade laws of the United States with respect to merchandise relating to the priority trade issues described in section 117; and 
(4) notify, on a timely basis, each interested 
party in the private sector that has submitted an allegation of any violation of the customs and trade laws of the United States of any civil or criminal actions taken by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or any other Federal agency resulting from the allegation. 
(b) T
RADE ALERTS .— 
(1) I SSUANCE .—In carrying out its duties 
under section 411(g)(4) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 802(a) of this Act, and based upon the application of the tar-geted risk assessment methodologies and stand-ards established under subsection (a), the Exec-utive Director of the National Targeting Center may issue Trade Alerts to directors of United States ports of entry directing further inspec-tion, or physical examination or testing, of spe-cific merchandise to ensure compliance with all applicable customs and trade laws of the United States and regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(2) D
ETERMINATIONS NOT TO IMPLEMENT TRADE  
ALERTS .—The director of a United States port of 
entry may determine not to conduct further in-spections, or physical examination or testing, pursuant to a Trade Alert issued under para-graph (1) if the director— 
(A) finds that such a determination is justified 
by port security interests; and 
(B) not later than 48 hours after making the 
determination, notifies the Assistant Commis-sioner of the Office of Field Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection of the deter-mination and the reasons for the determination. 
(3) S
UMMARY OF DETERMINATIONS NOT TO IM -
PLEMENT .—The Assistant Commissioner of the 
Office of Field Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall— 
(A) compile an annual summary of all deter-
minations by directors of United States ports of entry under paragraph (2) and the reasons for those determinations; 
(B) conduct an evaluation of the utilization of 
Trade Alerts issued under paragraph (1); and 
(C) not later than December 31 of each cal-
endar year, submit the summary to the appro-priate congressional committees. 
(4)INSPECTION DEFINED .—In this subsection, 
the term ‘‘inspection’’ means the comprehensive evaluation process used by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, other than physical examina-tion or testing, to permit the entry of merchan-dise into the United States, or the clearance of merchandise for transportation in bond through the United States, for purposes of— 
(A) assessing duties; (B) identifying restricted or prohibited items; 
and 
(C) ensuring compliance with all applicable 
customs and trade laws of the United States and regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(c) U
SE OF TRADE DATA FOR COMMERCIAL EN-
FORCEMENT PURPOSES .—Section 343(a)(3)(F) of 
the Trade Act of 2002 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(F) The information collected pursuant to 
the regulations shall be used exclusively for en-suring cargo safety and security, preventing smuggling, and commercial risk assessment tar-geting, and shall not be used for any commercial enforcement purposes, including for determining merchandise entry. Notwithstanding the pre-ceding sentence, nothing in this section shall be treated as amending, repealing, or otherwise modifying title IV of the Tariff Act of 1930 or regulations promulgated thereunder.’’. 
SEC. 112. REPORT ON OVERSIGHT OF REVENUE 
PROTECTION AND ENFORCEMENT MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than June 30, 2016, 
and not later than March 31 of each second year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of the Treasury shall submit to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9110 December 9, 2015 
Committee on Finance of the Senate and the 
Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report assessing, with respect to the period covered by the report, as specified in subsection (b), the following: 
(1) The effectiveness of the measures taken by 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection with re-spect to protection of revenue, including— 
(A) the collection of countervailing duties as-
sessed under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and anti-dumping duties assessed under subtitle B of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673 et seq.); 
(B) the assessment, collection, and mitigation 
of commercial fines and penalties; 
(C) the use of bonds, including continuous 
and single transaction bonds, to secure that rev-enue; and 
(D) the adequacy of the policies of U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection with respect to the monitoring and tracking of merchandise trans-ported in bond and collecting duties, as appro-priate. 
(2) The effectiveness of actions taken by U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection to measure ac-countability and performance with respect to protection of revenue. 
(3) The number and outcome of investigations 
instituted by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion with respect to the underpayment of duties. 
(4) The effectiveness of training with respect 
to the collection of duties provided for personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(b) P
ERIOD COVERED BY REPORT .—Each report 
required by subsection (a) shall cover the period of 2 fiscal years ending on September 30 of the calendar year preceding the submission of the report. 
SEC. 113. REPORT ON SECURITY AND REVENUE 
MEASURES WITH RESPECT TO MER-CHANDISE TRANSPORTED IN BOND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than December 31 
of 2016, 2017, and 2018, the Secretary of Home-land Security and the Secretary of the Treasury shall jointly submit to the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a re-port on efforts undertaken by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to ensure the secure transpor-tation of merchandise in bond through the United States and the collection of revenue owed upon the entry of such merchandise into the United States for consumption. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by sub-
section (a) shall include, for the fiscal year pre-ceding the submission of the report, information on— 
(1) the overall number of entries of merchan-
dise for transportation in bond through the United States; 
(2) the ports at which merchandise arrives in 
the United States for transportation in bond and at which records of the arrival of such mer-chandise are generated; 
(3) the average time taken to reconcile such 
records with the records at the final destination of the merchandise in the United States to dem-onstrate that the merchandise reaches its final destination or is re-exported; 
(4) the average time taken to transport mer-
chandise in bond from the port at which the merchandise arrives in the United States to its final destination in the United States; 
(5) the total amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
owed with respect to shipments of merchandise transported in bond and the total amount of such duties, taxes, and fees paid; 
(6) the total number of notifications by car-
riers of merchandise being transported in bond that the destination of the merchandise has changed; and 
(7) the number of entries that remain 
unreconciled. 
SEC. 114. IMPORTER OF RECORD PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than the date 
that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security 
shall establish an importer of record program to assign and maintain importer of record num-bers. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that, as part of the importer of record pro-gram, U.S. Customs and Border Protection— 
(1) develops criteria that importers must meet 
in order to obtain an importer of record number, including— 
(A) criteria to ensure sufficient information is 
collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to verify the existence of the importer re-questing the importer of record number; 
(B) criteria to ensure sufficient information is 
collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to identify linkages or other affiliations between importers that are requesting or have been assigned importer of record numbers; and 
(C) criteria to ensure sufficient information is 
collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to identify changes in address and cor-porate structure of importers; 
(2) provides a process by which importers are 
assigned importer of record numbers; 
(3) maintains a centralized database of im-
porter of record numbers, including a history of importer of record numbers associated with each importer, and the information described in sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (1); 
(4) evaluates and maintains the accuracy of 
the database if such information changes; and 
(5) takes measures to ensure that duplicate 
importer of record numbers are not issued. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the importer of record program established under subsection (a). 
(d) N
UMBER DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘number’’, with respect to an importer of record, means a filing identification number de-scribed in section 24.5 of title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regu-lation) that fully supports the requirements of subsection (b) with respect to the collection and maintenance of information. 
SEC. 115. ESTABLISHMENT OF IMPORTER RISK 
ASSESSMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than the date that 
is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall establish a pro-gram that directs U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to adjust bond amounts for importers, in-cluding new importers and nonresident import-ers, based on risk assessments of such importers conducted by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, in order to protect the revenue of the Fed-eral Government. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Commissioner shall 
ensure that, as part of the program established under subsection (a), U.S. Customs and Border Protection— 
(1) develops risk assessment guidelines for im-
porters, including new importers and non-resident importers, to determine if and to what extent— 
(A) to adjust bond amounts of imported prod-
ucts of such importers; and 
(B) to increase screening of imported products 
of such importers; 
(2) develops procedures to ensure increased 
oversight of imported products of new importers, including nonresident importers, relating to the enforcement of the priority trade issues de-scribed in section 117; 
(3) develops procedures to ensure increased 
oversight of imported products of new importers, including new nonresident importers, by Centers of Excellence and Expertise established under section 110; and 
(4) establishes a centralized database of new 
importers, including new nonresident importers, to ensure accuracy of information that is re-quired to be provided by such importers to U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (c) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN IMPORTERS .—This 
section shall not apply to an importer that is a validated Tier 2 or Tier 3 participant in the Cus-toms–Trade Partnership Against Terrorism pro-gram established under subtitle B of title II of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.). 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than the date that is 2 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a report detailing— 
(1) the risk assessment guidelines developed 
under subsection (b)(1); 
(2) the procedures developed under subsection 
(b)(2) to ensure increased oversight of imported products of new importers, including new non-resident importers, relating to the enforcement of priority trade issues described in section 117; 
(3) the procedures developed under subsection 
(b)(3) to ensure increased oversight of imported products of new importers, including new non-resident importers, by Centers of Excellence and Expertise established under section 110; and 
(4) the number of bonds adjusted based on the 
risk assessment guidelines developed under sub-section (b)(1). 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) I MPORTER .—The term ‘‘importer’’ means 
one of the parties qualifying as an importer of record under section 484(a)(2)(B) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1484(a)(2)(B)). 
(2) N
ONRESIDENT IMPORTER .—The term ‘‘non-
resident importer’’ means an importer who is— 
(A) an individual who is not a citizen of the 
United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence in the United States; or 
(B) a partnership, corporation, or other com-
mercial entity that is not organized under the laws of a jurisdiction within the customs terri-tory of the United States (as such term is de-fined in General Note 2 of the Harmonized Tar-iff Schedule of the United States) or in the Vir-gin Islands of the United States. 
SEC. 116. CUSTOMS BROKER IDENTIFICATION OF 
IMPORTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 641 of the Tariff Act 
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1641) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) I
DENTIFICATION OF IMPORTERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-
scribe regulations setting forth the minimum standards for customs brokers and importers, in-cluding nonresident importers, regarding the identity of the importer that shall apply in con-nection with the importation of merchandise into the United States. 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The regula-
tions required under paragraph (1) shall, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) identify the information that an im-
porter, including a nonresident importer, is re-quired to submit to a broker and that a broker is required to collect in order to verify the iden-tity of the importer; 
‘‘(B) identify reasonable procedures that a 
broker is required to follow in order to verify the authenticity of information collected from an importer; and 
‘‘(C) require a broker to maintain records of 
the information collected by the broker to verify the identity of an importer. 
‘‘(3) P
ENALTIES .—Any customs broker who 
fails to collect information required under the regulations prescribed under this subsection shall be liable to the United States, at the dis-cretion of the Secretary, for a monetary penalty not to exceed $10,000 for each violation of those regulations and shall be subject to revocation or suspension of a license or permit of the customs broker pursuant to the procedures set forth in subsection (d). This penalty shall be assessed in the same manner and under the same proce-dures as the monetary penalties provided for in subsection (d)(2)(A). 
‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9111 December 9, 2015 
‘‘(A) I MPORTER .—The term ‘importer’ means 
one of the parties qualifying as an importer of record under section 484(a)(2)(B). 
‘‘(B) N
ONRESIDENT IMPORTER .—The term ‘non-
resident importer’ means an importer who is— 
‘‘(i) an individual who is not a citizen of the 
United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence in the United States; or 
‘‘(ii) a partnership, corporation, or other com-
mercial entity that is not organized under the laws of a jurisdiction within the customs terri-tory of the United States (as such term is de-fined in General Note 2 of the Harmonized Tar-iff Schedule of the United States) or in the Vir-gin Islands of the United States.’’. 
(b) S
TUDY AND REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later 
than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report con-taining recommendations for— 
(1) determining the most timely and effective 
way to require foreign nationals to provide cus-toms brokers with appropriate and accurate in-formation, comparable to that which is required of United States nationals, concerning the iden-tity, address, and other related information re-lating to such foreign nationals necessary to en-able customs brokers to comply with the require-ments of section 641(i) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (as added by subsection (a) of this section); and 
(2) establishing a system for customs brokers 
to review information maintained by relevant Federal agencies for purposes of verifying the identities of importers, including nonresident importers, seeking to import merchandise into the United States. 
SEC. 117. PRIORITY TRADE ISSUES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner shall es-
tablish the following as priority trade issues: 
(1) Agriculture programs. (2) Antidumping and countervailing duties. (3) Import safety. (4) Intellectual property rights. (5) Revenue. (6) Textiles and wearing apparel. (7) Trade agreements and preference pro-
grams. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION .—The Commissioner is au-
thorized to establish new priority trade issues and eliminate, consolidate, or otherwise modify the priority trade issues described in subsection (a) if the Commissioner— 
(1) determines it necessary and appropriate to 
do so; and 
(2)(A) in the case of new priority trade issues, 
submits to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a summary of proposals to establish such new priority trade issues not later than 30 days after such new priority trade issues are to take effect; and 
(B) in the case of existing priority trade 
issues, submits to the appropriate congressional committees a summary of proposals to eliminate, consolidate, or otherwise modify such existing priority trade issues not later than 60 days be-fore such changes are to take effect. 
SEC. 118. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM-
MITTEES DEFINED. 
In this title, the term ‘‘appropriate congres-
sional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Finance and the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Ways and Means and 
the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
TITLE II—IMPORT HEALTH AND SAFETY 
SEC. 201. INTERAGENCY IMPORT SAFETY WORK-
ING GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established an 
interagency Import Safety Working Group. 
(b) M EMBERSHIP .—The interagency Import 
Safety Working Group shall consist of the fol-lowing officials or their designees: 
(1) The Secretary of Homeland Security, who 
shall serve as the Chair. (2) The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-
ices, who shall serve as the Vice Chair. 
(3) The Secretary of the Treasury. (4) The Secretary of Commerce. (5) The Secretary of Agriculture. (6) The United States Trade Representative. (7) The Director of the Office of Management 
and Budget. 
(8) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. (9) The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection. 
(10) The Chairman of the Consumer Product 
Safety Commission. 
(11) The Director of U.S. Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement. 
(12) The head of any other Federal agency 
designated by the President to participate in the interagency Import Safety Working Group, as appropriate. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The duties of the interagency Im-
port Safety Working Group shall include— 
(1) consulting on the development of the joint 
import safety rapid response plan required by section 202; 
(2) periodically evaluating the adequacy of 
the plans, practices, and resources of the Fed-eral Government dedicated to ensuring the safe-ty of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such mer-chandise, including— 
(A) minimizing the duplication of efforts 
among Federal agencies the heads of which are members of the interagency Import Safety Work-ing Group and ensuring the compatibility of the policies and regulations of those agencies; and 
(B) recommending additional administrative 
actions, as appropriate, designed to ensure the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such mer-chandise and considering the impact of those actions on private sector entities; 
(3) reviewing the engagement and cooperation 
of foreign governments and foreign manufactur-ers in facilitating the inspection and certifi-cation, as appropriate, of such merchandise to be imported into the United States and the fa-cilities producing such merchandise to ensure the safety of the merchandise and the expedi-tious entry of the merchandise into the United States; 
(4) identifying best practices, in consultation 
with private sector entities as appropriate, to as-sist United States importers in taking all appro-priate steps to ensure the safety of merchandise imported into the United States, including with respect to— 
(A) the inspection of manufacturing facilities 
in foreign countries; 
(B) the inspection of merchandise destined for 
the United States before exportation from a for-eign country or before distribution in the United States; and 
(C) the protection of the international supply 
chain (as defined in section 2 of the Security and Accountability For Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 901)); 
(5) identifying best practices to assist Federal, 
State, and local governments and agencies, and port authorities, to improve communication and coordination among such agencies and authori-ties with respect to ensuring the safety of mer-chandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise; and 
(6) otherwise identifying appropriate steps to 
increase the accountability of United States im-porters and the engagement of foreign govern-ment agencies with respect to ensuring the safe-ty of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such mer-chandise. 
SEC. 202. JOINT IMPORT SAFETY RAPID RE-
SPONSE PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 
2016, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the interagency Import Safety Working Group established under section 201, shall develop a plan (to be known as the ‘‘joint import safety rapid response plan’’) that sets forth protocols and defines practices for U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection to use— 
(1) in taking action in response to, and coordi-
nating Federal responses to, an incident in which cargo destined for or merchandise enter-ing the United States has been identified as pos-ing a threat to the health or safety of consumers in the United States; and 
(2) in recovering from or mitigating the effects 
of actions and responses to an incident de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The joint import safety rapid 
response plan shall address— 
(1) the statutory and regulatory authorities 
and responsibilities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other Federal agencies in re-sponding to an incident described in subsection (a)(1); 
(2) the protocols and practices to be used by 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection when tak-ing action in response to, and coordinating Fed-eral responses to, such an incident; 
(3) the measures to be taken by U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection and other Federal agen-cies in recovering from or mitigating the effects of actions taken in response to such an incident after the incident to ensure the resumption of the entry of merchandise into the United States; and 
(4) exercises that U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection may conduct in conjunction with Federal, State, and local agencies, and private sector entities, to simulate responses to such an incident. 
(c) U
PDATES OF PLAN.—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall review and update the joint import safety rapid response plan, as ap-propriate, after conducting exercises under sub-section (d). 
(d) I
MPORT HEALTH AND SAFETY EXERCISES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Homeland 
Security and the Commissioner shall periodi-cally engage in the exercises referred to in sub-section (b)(4), in conjunction with Federal, State, and local agencies and private sector en-tities, as appropriate, to test and evaluate the protocols and practices identified in the joint import safety rapid response plan at United States ports of entry. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR EXERCISES .—In con-
ducting exercises under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary and the Commissioner shall— 
(A) make allowance for the resources, needs, 
and constraints of United States ports of entry of different sizes in representative geographic lo-cations across the United States; 
(B) base evaluations on current risk assess-
ments of merchandise entering the United States at representative United States ports of entry lo-cated across the United States; 
(C) ensure that such exercises are conducted 
in a manner consistent with the National Inci-dent Management System, the National Re-sponse Plan, the National Infrastructure Protec-tion Plan, the National Preparedness Guide-lines, the Maritime Transportation System Secu-rity Plan, and other such national initiatives of the Department of Homeland Security, as appro-priate; and 
(D) develop metrics with respect to the re-
sumption of the entry of merchandise into the United States after an incident described in sub-section (a)(1). 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR TESTING AND EVALUA -
TION.—The Secretary and the Commissioner 
shall ensure that the testing and evaluation car-ried out in conducting exercises under para-graph (1)— 
(A) are performed using clear and objective 
performance measures; and 
(B) result in the identification of specific rec-
ommendations or best practices for responding to an incident described in subsection (a)(1). 
(4) D
ISSEMINATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS AND  
BEST PRACTICES .—The Secretary and the Com-
missioner shall— 
(A) share the recommendations or best prac-
tices identified under paragraph (3)(B) among 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9112 December 9, 2015 
the members of the interagency Import Safety 
Working Group established under section 201 and with, as appropriate— 
(i) State, local, and tribal governments; (ii) foreign governments; and (iii) private sector entities; and (B) use such recommendations and best prac-
tices to update the joint import safety rapid re-sponse plan. 
SEC. 203. TRAINING. 
The Commissioner shall ensure that personnel 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection assigned to United States ports of entry are trained to ef-fectively administer the provisions of this title and to otherwise assist in ensuring the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise. 
TITLE III—IMPORT-RELATED PROTECTION 
OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
SEC. 301. DEFINITION OF INTELLECTUAL PROP-
ERTY RIGHTS. 
In this title, the term ‘‘intellectual property 
rights’’ refers to copyrights, trademarks, and other forms of intellectual property rights that are enforced by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection or U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement. 
SEC. 302. EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION RELATED 
TO TRADE ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Tariff Act of 1930 is 
amended by inserting after section 628 (19 U.S.C. 1628) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 628A. EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION RE-
LATED TO TRADE ENFORCEMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections (c) 
and (d), if the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection suspects that merchan-dise is being imported into the United States in violation of section 526 of this Act or section 602, 1201(a)(2), or 1201(b)(1) of title 17, United States Code, and determines that the examination or testing of the merchandise by a person described in subsection (b) would assist the Commissioner in determining if the merchandise is being im-ported in violation of that section, the Commis-sioner, to permit the person to conduct the ex-amination and testing— 
‘‘(1) shall provide to the person information 
that appears on the merchandise and its pack-aging and labels, including unredacted images of the merchandise and its packaging and la-bels; and 
‘‘(2) may, subject to any applicable bonding 
requirements, provide to the person unredacted samples of the merchandise. 
‘‘(b) P
ERSON DESCRIBED .—A person described 
in this subsection is— 
‘‘(1) in the case of merchandise suspected of 
being imported in violation of section 526, the owner of the trademark suspected of being cop-ied or simulated by the merchandise; 
‘‘(2) in the case of merchandise suspected of 
being imported in violation of section 602 of title 17, United States Code, the owner of the copy-right suspected of being infringed by the mer-chandise; 
‘‘(3) in the case of merchandise suspected of 
being primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological meas-ure that effectively controls access to a work protected under that title, and being imported in violation of section 1201(a)(2) of that title, the owner of a copyright in the work; and 
‘‘(4) in the case of merchandise suspected of 
being primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing protection afforded by a technological measure that effectively protects a right of an owner of a copyright in a work or a portion of a work, and being imported in vio-lation of section 1201(b)(1) of that title, the owner of the copyright. 
‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—Subsection (a) applies only 
with respect to merchandise suspected of in-fringing a trademark or copyright that is re-corded with U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion. 
‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION .—The Commissioner may not 
provide under subsection (a) information, pho-tographs, or samples to a person described in 
subsection (b) if providing such information, photographs, or samples would compromise an ongoing law enforcement investigation or na-tional security.’’. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF PREVIOUS AUTHORITY .— 
Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of section 818(g) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1496; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), paragraph (1) of that section shall have no force or effect on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 303. SEIZURE OF CIRCUMVENTION DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 596(c)(2) of the Tar-
iff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1595a(c)(2)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’; (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) U.S. Customs and Border Protection de-
termines it is a technology, product, service, de-vice, component, or part thereof the importation of which is prohibited under subsection (a)(2) or (b)(1) of section 1201 of title 17, United States Code.’’. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION OF PERSONS INJURED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than the date that 
is 30 business days after seizing merchandise pursuant to subparagraph (G) of section 596(c)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by subsection (a), the Commissioner shall provide to any person identified under paragraph (2) in-formation regarding the merchandise seized that is equivalent to information provided to copy-right owners under regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for merchandise seized for violation of the copyright laws. 
(2) P
ERSONS TO BE PROVIDED INFORMATION .— 
Any person injured by the violation of sub-section (a)(2) or (b)(1) of section 1201 of title 17, United States Code, that resulted in the seizure of the merchandise shall be provided informa-tion under paragraph (1), if that person is in-cluded on a list to be established and main-tained by the Commissioner. The Commissioner shall publish notice of the establishment of and revisions to the list in the Federal Register. 
(3) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than the date 
that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe regulations establishing procedures that implement this subsection. 
SEC. 304. ENFORCEMENT BY U.S. CUSTOMS AND 
BORDER PROTECTION OF WORKS FOR WHICH COPYRIGHT REGISTRA-TION IS PENDING. 
Not later than the date that is 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall authorize a process pursuant to which the Commissioner shall enforce a copyright for which the owner has submitted an application for registration under title 17, United States Code, with the United States Copyright Office, to the same ex-tent and in the same manner as if the copyright were registered with the Copyright Office, in-cluding by sharing information, images, and samples of merchandise suspected of infringing the copyright under section 628A of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 302. 
SEC. 305. NATIONAL INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
RIGHTS COORDINATION CENTER. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall— 
(1) establish within U.S. Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement a National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center; and 
(2) appoint an Assistant Director to head the 
National Intellectual Property Rights Coordina-tion Center. 
(b) D
UTIES .—The Assistant Director of the Na-
tional Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center shall— 
(1) coordinate the investigation of sources of 
merchandise that infringe intellectual property rights to identify organizations and individuals that produce, smuggle, or distribute such mer-
chandise; 
(2) conduct and coordinate training with 
other domestic and international law enforce-ment agencies on investigative best practices— 
(A) to develop and expand the capability of 
such agencies to enforce intellectual property rights; and 
(B) to develop metrics to assess whether the 
training improved enforcement of intellectual property rights; 
(3) coordinate, with U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection, activities conducted by the United States to prevent the importation or exportation of merchandise that infringes intellectual prop-erty rights; 
(4) support the international interdiction of 
merchandise destined for the United States that infringes intellectual property rights; 
(5) collect and integrate information regarding 
infringement of intellectual property rights from domestic and international law enforcement agencies and other non-Federal sources; 
(6) develop a means to receive and organize 
information regarding infringement of intellec-tual property rights from such agencies and other sources; 
(7) disseminate information regarding in-
fringement of intellectual property rights to other Federal agencies, as appropriate; 
(8) develop and implement risk-based alert 
systems, in coordination with U.S. Customs and Border Protection, to improve the targeting of persons that repeatedly infringe intellectual property rights; 
(9) coordinate with the offices of United States 
attorneys in order to develop expertise in, and assist with the investigation and prosecution of, crimes relating to the infringement of intellec-tual property rights; and 
(10) carry out such other duties as the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security may assign. 
(c) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER AGENCIES .—In 
carrying out the duties described in subsection (b), the Assistant Director of the National Intel-lectual Property Rights Coordination Center shall coordinate with— 
(1) U.S. Customs and Border Protection; (2) the Food and Drug Administration; (3) the Department of Justice; (4) the Department of Commerce, including 
the United States Patent and Trademark Office; 
(5) the United States Postal Inspection Serv-
ice; 
(6) the Office of the United States Trade Rep-
resentative; 
(7) any Federal, State, local, or international 
law enforcement agencies that the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement considers appropriate; and 
(8) any other entities that the Director con-
siders appropriate. 
(d) P
RIVATE SECTOR OUTREACH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Assistant Director of the 
National Intellectual Property Rights Coordina-tion Center shall work with U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other Federal agencies to conduct outreach to private sector entities in order to determine trends in and methods of in-fringing intellectual property rights. 
(2) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The Assistant Di-
rector shall share information and best practices with respect to the enforcement of intellectual property rights with private sector entities, as appropriate, in order to coordinate public and private sector efforts to combat the infringement of intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 306. JOINT STRATEGIC PLAN FOR THE EN-
FORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
The Commissioner and the Director of U.S. 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall in-clude in the joint strategic plan required by sec-tion 105— 
(1) a description of the efforts of the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security to enforce intellec-tual property rights; 
(2) a list of the 10 United States ports of entry 
at which U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9113 December 9, 2015 
has seized the most merchandise, both by vol-
ume and by value, that infringes intellectual property rights during the most recent 2-year period for which data are available; and 
(3) a recommendation for the optimal alloca-
tion of personnel, resources, and technology to ensure that U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement are adequately enforcing intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 307. PERSONNEL DEDICATED TO THE EN-
FORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) P ERSONNEL OF U.S. C USTOMS AND BORDER  
PROTECTION .—The Commissioner and the Direc-
tor of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment shall ensure that sufficient personnel are assigned throughout U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, respectively, who have responsi-bility for preventing the importation into the United States of merchandise that infringes in-tellectual property rights. 
(b) S
TAFFING OF NATIONAL INTELLECTUAL  
PROPERTY RIGHTS COORDINATION CENTER .—The 
Commissioner shall— 
(1) assign not fewer than 3 full-time employees 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordina-tion Center established under section 305; and 
(2) ensure that sufficient personnel are as-
signed to United States ports of entry to carry out the directives of the Center. 
SEC. 308. TRAINING WITH RESPECT TO THE EN-
FORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) T RAINING .—The Commissioner shall ensure 
that officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion are trained to effectively detect and iden-tify merchandise destined for the United States that infringes intellectual property rights, in-cluding through the use of technologies identi-fied under subsection (c). 
(b) C
ONSULTATION WITHPRIVATE SECTOR .— 
The Commissioner shall consult with private sector entities to better identify opportunities for collaboration between U.S. Customs and Border Protection and such entities with respect to training for officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in enforcing intellectual property rights. 
(c) I
DENTIFICATION OF NEWTECHNOLOGIES .— 
In consultation with private sector entities, the Commissioner shall identify— 
(1) technologies with the cost-effective capa-
bility to detect and identify merchandise at United States ports of entry that infringes intel-lectual property rights; and 
(2) cost-effective programs for training officers 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to use such technologies. 
(d) D
ONATIONS OF TECHNOLOGY .—Not later 
than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall prescribe regulations to enable U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection to receive donations of hardware, software, equipment, and similar technologies, and to accept training and other support services, from private sector entities, for the purpose of enforcing intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 309. INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION AND IN-
FORMATION SHARING. 
(a) C OOPERATION .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall coordinate with the com-petent law enforcement and customs authorities of foreign countries, including by sharing infor-mation relevant to enforcement actions, to en-hance the efforts of the United States and such authorities to enforce intellectual property rights. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall provide technical as-sistance to competent law enforcement and cus-toms authorities of foreign countries to enhance the ability of such authorities to enforce intel-lectual property rights. 
(c) I
NTERAGENCY COLLABORATION .—The Com-
missioner and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall lead inter-
agency efforts to collaborate with law enforce-ment and customs authorities of foreign coun-tries to enforce intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 310. REPORT ON INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
RIGHTS ENFORCEMENT. 
Not later than September 30, 2016, and annu-
ally thereafter, the Commissioner and the Direc-tor of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment shall jointly submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that contains the fol-lowing: 
(1) With respect to the enforcement of intellec-
tual property rights, the following: 
(A) The number of referrals, during the pre-
ceding year, from U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement relating to infringement of intellec-tual property rights. 
(B) The number of investigations relating to 
the infringement of intellectual property rights referred by U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement to a United States attorney for pros-ecution and the United States attorneys to which those investigations were referred. 
(C) The number of such investigations accept-
ed by each such United States attorney and the status or outcome of each such investigation. 
(D) The number of such investigations that re-
sulted in the imposition of civil or criminal pen-alties. 
(E) A description of the efforts of U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection and U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement to improve the success rates of investigations and prosecutions relating to the infringement of intellectual prop-erty rights. 
(2) An estimate of the average time required 
by the Office of Trade established under section 4 of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2071 et seq.), as added by section 802(h) of this Act, to respond to a re-quest from port personnel for advice with re-spect to whether merchandise detained by U.S. Customs and Border Protection infringed intel-lectual property rights, distinguished by types of intellectual property rights infringed. 
(3) A summary of the outreach efforts of U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement with respect to— 
(A) the interdiction and investigation of, and 
the sharing of information between those agen-cies and other Federal agencies to prevent, the infringement of intellectual property rights; 
(B) collaboration with private sector entities— (i) to identify trends in the infringement of, 
and technologies that infringe, intellectual property rights; 
(ii) to identify opportunities for enhanced 
training of officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
(iii) to develop best practices to enforce intel-
lectual property rights; and 
(C) coordination with foreign governments 
and international organizations with respect to the enforcement of intellectual property rights. 
(4) A summary of the efforts of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to address the chal-lenges with respect to the enforcement of intel-lectual property rights presented by Internet commerce and the transit of small packages and an identification of the volume, value, and type of merchandise seized for infringing intellectual property rights as a result of such efforts. 
(5) A summary of training relating to the en-
forcement of intellectual property rights con-ducted under section 308 and expenditures for such training. SEC. 311. INFORMATION FOR TRAVELERS RE-
GARDING VIOLATIONS OF INTELLEC-TUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Homeland 
Security shall develop and carry out an edu-cational campaign to inform travelers entering or leaving the United States about the legal, economic, and public health and safety implica-tions of acquiring merchandise that infringes in-tellectual property rights outside the United States and importing such merchandise into the United States in violation of United States law. 
(b) D
ECLARATION FORMS .—The Commissioner 
shall ensure that all versions of Declaration Form 6059B of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, or a successor form, including any elec-tronic equivalent of Declaration Form 6059B or a successor form, printed or displayed on or after the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act include a written warning to inform travelers arriving in the United States that importation of merchandise into the United States that infringes intellectual property rights may subject travelers to civil or criminal penalties and may pose serious risks to safety or health. 
TITLE IV—PREVENTION OF EVASION OF 
ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Enforce and 
Protect Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 402. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Finance and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Ways and Means and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
OVERED MERCHANDISE .—The term ‘‘cov-
ered merchandise’’ means merchandise that is subject to— 
(A) a countervailing duty order issued under 
section 706 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671e); or 
(B) an antidumping duty order issued under 
section 736 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673e). 
(3) E
LIGIBLE SMALL BUSINESS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘eligible small 
business’’ means any business concern that, in the judgment of the Commissioner, due to its small size, has neither adequate internal re-sources nor financial ability to obtain qualified outside assistance in preparing and submitting for consideration allegations of evasion. 
(B) N
ONREVIEWABILITY .—Any agency decision 
regarding whether a business concern is an eli-gible small business for purposes of section 411(b)(4)(E) is not reviewable by any other agen-cy or by any court. 
(4) E
NTER; ENTRY .—The terms ‘‘enter’’ and 
‘‘entry’’ refer to the entry, or withdrawal from warehouse for consumption, of merchandise in the customs territory of the United States. 
(5) E
VADE ; EVASION .—The terms ‘‘evade’’ and 
‘‘evasion’’ refer to entering covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of any document or electronically transmitted data or information, written or oral statement, or act that is material and false, or any omission that is material, and that results in any cash deposit or other security or any amount of applicable antidumping or counter-vailing duties being reduced or not being ap-plied with respect to the merchandise. 
(6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of the Treasury. 
(7) T RADE REMEDY LAWS .—The term ‘‘trade 
remedy laws’’ means title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.). 
SEC. 403. APPLICATION TO CANADA AND MEXICO. 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North Amer-
ican Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9114 December 9, 2015 
the North American Free Trade Agreement Im-
plementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), this title and the amendments made by this title shall apply with respect to goods from Canada and Mexico. 
Subtitle A—Actions Relating to Enforcement 
of Trade Remedy Laws 
SEC. 411. TRADE REMEDY LAW ENFORCEMENT DI-
VISION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Homeland 
Security shall establish and maintain within the Office of Trade established under section 4 of the Act of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2071 et seq.), as added by section 802(h) of this Act, a Trade Remedy Law En-forcement Division. 
(2) C
OMPOSITION .—The Trade Remedy Law 
Enforcement Division shall be composed of— 
(A) headquarters personnel led by a Director, 
who shall report to the Executive Assistant Commissioner of the Office of Trade; and 
(B) a National Targeting and Analysis Group 
dedicated to preventing and countering evasion. 
(3) D
UTIES .—The Trade Remedy Law Enforce-
ment Division shall be dedicated— 
(A) to the development and administration of 
policies to prevent and counter evasion, includ-ing policies relating to the implementation of section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 421 of this Act; 
(B) to direct enforcement and compliance as-
sessment activities concerning evasion; 
(C) to the development and conduct of com-
mercial risk assessment targeting with respect to cargo destined for the United States in accord-ance with subsection (c); 
(D) to issuing Trade Alerts described in sub-
section (d); and 
(E) to the development of policies for the ap-
plication of single entry and continuous bonds for entries of covered merchandise to sufficiently protect the collection of antidumping and coun-tervailing duties commensurate with the level of risk of noncollection. 
(b) D
UTIES OF DIRECTOR .—The duties of the 
Director of the Trade Remedy Law Enforcement Division shall include— 
(1) directing the trade enforcement and com-
pliance assessment activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection that concern evasion; 
(2) facilitating, promoting, and coordinating 
cooperation and the exchange of information be-tween U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and other relevant Federal agencies regarding eva-sion; 
(3) notifying on a timely basis the admin-
istering authority (as defined in section 771(1) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(1))) and the Commission (as defined in section 771(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(2))) of any finding, determination, civil action, or criminal action taken by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection or other Federal agency regarding eva-sion; 
(4) serving as the primary liaison between 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the public regarding activities concerning evasion, including activities relating to investigations conducted under section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 421 of this Act, which include— 
(A) receiving allegations of evasion from par-
ties, including allegations described in section 517(b)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930, as so added; 
(B) upon request by the party or parties that 
submitted such an allegation of evasion, pro-viding information to such party or parties on the status of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion’s consideration of the allegation and deci-sion to pursue or not pursue any administrative inquiries or other actions, such as changes in policies, procedures, or resource allocation as a result of the allegation; 
(C) as needed, requesting from the party or 
parties that submitted such an allegation of eva-sion any additional information that may be rel-evant for U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
determining whether to initiate an administra-tive inquiry or take any other action regarding the allegation; 
(D) notifying on a timely basis the party or 
parties that submitted such an allegation of the results of any administrative, civil, or criminal actions taken by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection or other Federal agency regarding eva-sion as a direct or indirect result of the allega-tion; 
(E) upon request, providing technical assist-
ance and advice to eligible small businesses to enable such businesses to prepare and submit such an allegation of evasion, except that the Director may deny technical assistance if the Director concludes that the allegation, if sub-mitted, would not lead to the initiation of an administrative inquiry or any other action to address the allegation; 
(F) in cooperation with the public, the Com-
mercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee established under section 109, the Trade Support Network, and any other relevant parties and or-ganizations, developing guidelines on the types and nature of information that may be provided in such an allegation of evasion; and 
(G) consulting regularly with the public, the 
Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Com-mittee, the Trade Support Network, and any other relevant parties and organizations regard-ing the development and implementation of reg-ulations, interpretations, and policies related to countering evasion. 
(c) P
REVENTING AND COUNTERING EVASION OF  
THETRADE REMEDY LAWS.—In carrying out its 
duties with respect to preventing and countering evasion, the National Targeting and Analysis Group dedicated to preventing and countering evasion shall— 
(1) establish targeted risk assessment meth-
odologies and standards— 
(A) for evaluating the risk that cargo destined 
for the United States may constitute evading covered merchandise; and 
(B) for issuing, as appropriate, Trade Alerts 
described in subsection (d); and 
(2) to the extent practicable and otherwise au-
thorized by law, use information available from the Automated Commercial System, the Auto-mated Commercial Environment, the Automated Targeting System, the Automated Export Sys-tem, the International Trade Data System estab-lished under section 411(d) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1411(d)), and the TECS (formerly known as the ‘‘Treasury Enforcement Commu-nications System’’), and any similar and suc-cessor systems, to administer the methodologies and standards established under paragraph (1). 
(d) T
RADE ALERTS .—Based upon the applica-
tion of the targeted risk assessment methodolo-gies and standards established under subsection (c), the Director of the Trade Remedy Law En-forcement Division shall issue Trade Alerts or other such means of notification to directors of United States ports of entry directing further in-spection, physical examination, or testing of merchandise to ensure compliance with the trade remedy laws and to require additional bonds, cash deposits, or other security to ensure collection of any duties, taxes, and fees owed. 
SEC. 412. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ON EVA-
SION OF TRADE REMEDY LAWS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO COLLECT INFORMATION .— 
To determine whether covered merchandise is being entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner— 
(1) shall exercise all existing authorities to col-
lect information needed to make the determina-tion; and 
(2) may collect such additional information as 
is necessary to make the determination through such methods as the Commissioner considers ap-propriate, including by issuing questionnaires with respect to the entry or entries at issue to— 
(A) a person who filed an allegation with re-
spect to the covered merchandise; (B) a person who is alleged to have entered 
the covered merchandise into the customs terri-tory of the United States through evasion; or 
(C) any other person who is determined to 
have information relevant to the allegation of entry of covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
(b) A
DVERSE INFERENCE .— 
(1) U SE OF ADVERSE INFERENCE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary finds that a 
person described in subparagraph (B) has failed to cooperate by not acting to the best of the per-son’s ability to comply with a request for infor-mation under subsection (a), the Secretary may, in making a determination whether an entry or entries of covered merchandise may constitute merchandise that is entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, use an inference that is adverse to the interests of that person in selecting from among the facts otherwise available to determine whether eva-sion has occurred. 
(B) P
ERSON DESCRIBED .—A person described in 
this subparagraph is— 
(i) a person who filed an allegation with re-
spect to covered merchandise; 
(ii) a person alleged to have entered covered 
merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; or 
(iii) a foreign producer or exporter of covered 
merchandise that is alleged to have entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
(C) A
PPLICATION .—An inference described in 
subparagraph (A) may be used under that sub-paragraph with respect to a person described in clause (ii) or (iii) of subparagraph (B) without regard to whether another person involved in the same transaction or transactions under ex-amination has provided the information sought by the Secretary, such as import or export docu-mentation. 
(2) A
DVERSE INFERENCE DESCRIBED .—An ad-
verse inference used under paragraph (1)(A) may include reliance on information derived from— 
(A) the allegation of evasion of the trade rem-
edy laws, if any, submitted to U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
(B) a determination by the Commissioner in 
another investigation, proceeding, or other ac-tion regarding evasion of the unfair trade laws; or 
(C) any other available information. 
SEC. 413. ACCESS TO INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 777(b)(1)(A)(ii) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677f(b)(1)(A)(ii)) is amended by inserting ‘‘neg-ligence, gross negligence, or’’ after ‘‘regarding’’. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary is authorized to provide to the Secretary of Commerce or the United States International Trade Commission any information that is nec-essary to enable the Secretary of Commerce or the United States International Trade Commis-sion to assist the Secretary to identify, through risk assessment targeting or otherwise, covered merchandise that is entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
SEC. 414. COOPERATION WITH FOREIGN COUN-
TRIES ON PREVENTING EVASION OF TRADE REMEDY LAWS. 
(a) B ILATERAL AGREEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall seek to 
negotiate and enter into bilateral agreements with the customs authorities or other appro-priate authorities of foreign countries for pur-poses of cooperation on preventing evasion of the trade remedy laws of the United States and the trade remedy laws of the other country. 
(2) P
ROVISIONS AND AUTHORITIES .—The Sec-
retary shall seek to include in each such bilat-eral agreement the following provisions and au-thorities: 
(A) On the request of the importing country, 
the exporting country shall provide, consistent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9115 December 9, 2015 
with its laws, regulations, and procedures, pro-
duction, trade, and transit documents and other information necessary to determine whether an entry or entries exported from the exporting country are subject to the importing country’s trade remedy laws. 
(B) On the written request of the importing 
country, the exporting country shall conduct a verification for purposes of enabling the import-ing country to make a determination described in subparagraph (A). 
(C) The exporting country may allow the im-
porting country to participate in a verification described in subparagraph (B), including through a site visit. 
(D) If the exporting country does not allow 
participation of the importing country in a verification described in subparagraph (B), the importing country may take this fact into con-sideration in its trade enforcement and compli-ance assessment activities regarding the compli-ance of the exporting country’s exports with the importing country’s trade remedy laws. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Commissioner is au-
thorized to take into consideration whether a country is a signatory to a bilateral agreement described in subsection (a) and the extent to which the country is cooperating under the bi-lateral agreement for purposes of trade enforce-ment and compliance assessment activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection that con-cern evasion by such country’s exports. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31 of 
each calendar year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a report summarizing— 
(1) the status of any ongoing negotiations of 
bilateral agreements described in subsection (a), including the identities of the countries involved in such negotiations; 
(2) the terms of any completed bilateral agree-
ments described in subsection (a); and 
(3) bilateral cooperation and other activities 
conducted pursuant to or enabled by any com-pleted bilateral agreements described in sub-section (a). 
SEC. 415. TRADE NEGOTIATING OBJECTIVES. 
The principal negotiating objectives of the 
United States shall include obtaining the objec-tives of the bilateral agreements described under section 414(a) for any trade agreements under negotiation as of the date of the enactment of this Act or future trade agreement negotiations. 
Subtitle B—Investigation of Evasion of Trade 
Remedy Laws 
SEC. 421. PROCEDURES FOR INVESTIGATING 
CLAIMS OF EVASION OF ANTI-DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Tariff Act of 1930 is 
amended by inserting after section 516A (19 U.S.C. 1516a) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 517. PROCEDURES FOR INVESTIGATING 
CLAIMS OF EVASION OF ANTI-DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A DMINISTERING AUTHORITY .—The term 
‘administering authority’ has the meaning given that term in section 771(1). 
‘‘(2) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘Commissioner’ 
means the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED MERCHANDISE .—The term ‘cov-
ered merchandise’ means merchandise that is subject to— 
‘‘(A) an antidumping duty order issued under 
section 736; or 
‘‘(B) a countervailing duty order issued under 
section 706. 
‘‘(4) E
NTER; ENTRY .—The terms ‘enter’ and 
‘entry’ refer to the entry, or withdrawal from warehouse for consumption, of merchandise into the customs territory of the United States. 
‘‘(5) E
VASION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the term ‘evasion’ refers to en-tering covered merchandise into the customs ter-
ritory of the United States by means of any doc-ument or electronically transmitted data or in-formation, written or oral statement, or act that is material and false, or any omission that is material, and that results in any cash deposit or other security or any amount of applicable anti-dumping or countervailing duties being reduced or not being applied with respect to the mer-chandise. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CLERICAL ERROR .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), the term ‘evasion’ does not include entering covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of— 
‘‘(I) a document or electronically transmitted 
data or information, written or oral statement, or act that is false as a result of a clerical error; or 
‘‘(II) an omission that results from a clerical 
error. 
‘‘(ii) P
ATTERNS OF NEGLIGENT CONDUCT .—If 
the Commissioner determines that a person has entered covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of a cler-ical error referred to in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (i) and that the clerical error is part of a pattern of negligent conduct on the part of that person, the Commissioner may determine, not-withstanding clause (i), that the person has en-tered such covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
‘‘(iii) E
LECTRONIC REPETITION OF ERRORS .— 
For purposes of clause (ii), the mere noninten-tional repetition by an electronic system of an initial clerical error does not constitute a pat-tern of negligent conduct. 
‘‘(iv) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A determina-
tion by the Commissioner that a person has en-tered covered merchandise into the customs ter-ritory of the United States by means of a clerical error referred to in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (i) rather than through evasion shall not be construed to excuse that person from the pay-ment of any duties applicable to the merchan-dise. 
‘‘(6) I
NTERESTED PARTY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘interested party’ 
means— 
‘‘(i) a foreign manufacturer, producer, or ex-
porter, or the United States importer, of covered merchandise or a trade or business association a majority of the members of which are producers, exporters, or importers of such merchandise; 
‘‘(ii) a manufacturer, producer, or wholesaler 
in the United States of a domestic like product; 
‘‘(iii) a certified union or recognized union or 
group of workers that is representative of an in-dustry engaged in the manufacture, production, or wholesale in the United States of a domestic like product; 
‘‘(iv) a trade or business association a major-
ity of the members of which manufacture, produce, or wholesale a domestic like product in the United States; 
‘‘(v) an association a majority of the members 
of which is composed of interested parties de-scribed in clause (ii), (iii), or (iv) with respect to a domestic like product; and 
‘‘(vi) if the covered merchandise is a processed 
agricultural product, as defined in section 771(4)(E), a coalition or trade association that is representative of either— 
‘‘(I) processors; ‘‘(II) processors and producers; or ‘‘(III) processors and growers. 
‘‘(B) D
OMESTIC LIKE PRODUCT .—For purposes 
of subparagraph (A), the term ‘domestic like product’ means a product that is like, or in the absence of like, most similar in characteristics and uses with, covered merchandise. 
‘‘(b) I
NVESTIGATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 business 
days after receiving an allegation described in paragraph (2) or a referral described in para-graph (3), the Commissioner shall initiate an in-vestigation if the Commissioner determines that the information provided in the allegation or the referral, as the case may be, reasonably suggests 
that covered merchandise has been entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
‘‘(2) A
LLEGATION DESCRIBED .—An allegation 
described in this paragraph is an allegation that a person has entered covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion that is— 
‘‘(A) filed with the Commissioner by an inter-
ested party; and 
‘‘(B) accompanied by information reasonably 
available to the party that filed the allegation. 
‘‘(3) R
EFERRAL DESCRIBED .—A referral de-
scribed in this paragraph is information sub-mitted to the Commissioner by any other Federal agency, including the Department of Commerce or the United States International Trade Com-mission, that reasonably suggests that a person has entered covered merchandise into the cus-toms territory of the United States through eva-sion. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATION BY ADMINISTERING AU -
THORITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Commissioner re-
ceives an allegation under paragraph (2) and is unable to determine whether the merchandise at issue is covered merchandise, the Commissioner shall— 
‘‘(i) refer the matter to the administering au-
thority to determine whether the merchandise is covered merchandise pursuant to the authority of the administering authority under title VII; and 
‘‘(ii) notify the party that filed the allegation, 
and any other interested party participating in the investigation, of the referral. 
‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION ; TRANSMISSION TO COM -
MISSIONER .—After receiving a referral under 
subparagraph (A)(i) with respect to merchan-dise, the administering authority shall deter-mine whether the merchandise is covered mer-chandise and promptly transmit that determina-tion to the Commissioner. 
‘‘(C) S
TAY OF DEADLINES .—The period re-
quired for any referral and determination under this paragraph shall not be counted in calcu-lating any deadline under this section. 
‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
paragraph shall be construed to affect the au-thority of an interested party to commence an action in the United States Court of Inter-national Trade under section 516A(a)(2) with re-spect to a determination of the administering authority under this paragraph. 
‘‘(5) C
ONSOLIDATION OF ALLEGATIONS AND RE -
FERRALS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner may 
consolidate multiple allegations described in paragraph (2) and referrals described in para-graph (3) into a single investigation if the Com-missioner determines it is appropriate to do so. 
‘‘(B) E
FFECT ON TIMING REQUIREMENTS .—If 
the Commissioner consolidates multiple allega-tions or referrals into a single investigation under subparagraph (A), the date on which the Commissioner receives the first such allegation or referral shall be used for purposes of the re-quirement under paragraph (1) with respect to the timing of the initiation of the investigation. 
‘‘(6) I
NFORMATION -SHARING TO PROTECT  
HEALTH AND SAFETY .—If, during the course of 
conducting an investigation under paragraph (1) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commissioner has reason to suspect that such covered merchandise may pose a health or safe-ty risk to consumers, the Commissioner shall provide, as appropriate, information to the ap-propriate Federal agencies for purposes of miti-gating the risk. 
‘‘(7) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND ADVICE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Upon request, the Commis-
sioner shall provide technical assistance and ad-vice to eligible small businesses to enable such businesses to prepare and submit allegations de-scribed in paragraph (2), except that the Com-missioner may deny technical assistance if the Commissioner concludes that the allegation, if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9116 December 9, 2015 
submitted, would not lead to the initiation of an 
investigation under this subsection or any other action to address the allegation. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE SMALL BUSINESS DEFINED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the term 
‘eligible small business’ means any business con-cern that the Commissioner determines, due to its small size, has neither adequate internal re-sources nor the financial ability to obtain quali-fied outside assistance in preparing and filing allegations described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(ii) N
ON-REVIEWABILITY .—The determination 
of the Commissioner regarding whether a busi-ness concern is an eligible small business for purposes of this paragraph is not reviewable by any other agency or by any court. 
‘‘(c) D
ETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) D ETERMINATION OF EVASION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), not later than 300 calendar days after the date on which the Commissioner initi-ates an investigation under subsection (b) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commis-sioner shall make a determination, based on substantial evidence, with respect to whether such covered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL TIME .—The Commissioner 
may extend the time to make a determination under subparagraph (A) by not more than 60 calendar days if the Commissioner determines that— 
‘‘(i) the investigation is extraordinarily com-
plicated because of— 
‘‘(I) the number and complexity of the trans-
actions to be investigated; 
‘‘(II) the novelty of the issues presented; or ‘‘(III) the number of entities to be inves-
tigated; and 
‘‘(ii) additional time is necessary to make the 
determination under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY TO COLLECT AND VERIFY ADDI -
TIONAL INFORMATION .—In making a determina-
tion under paragraph (1) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commissioner may collect such additional information as is necessary to make the determination through such methods as the Commissioner considers appropriate, including by— 
‘‘(A) issuing a questionnaire with respect to 
such covered merchandise to— 
‘‘(i) an interested party that filed an allega-
tion under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) that resulted in the initiation of an investigation under paragraph (1) of that subsection with re-spect to such covered merchandise; 
‘‘(ii) a person alleged to have entered such 
covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; 
‘‘(iii) a person that is a foreign producer or 
exporter of such covered merchandise; or 
‘‘(iv) the government of a country from which 
such covered merchandise was exported; and 
‘‘(B) conducting verifications, including on- 
site verifications, of any relevant information. 
‘‘(3) A
DVERSE INFERENCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Commissioner finds 
that a party or person described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of paragraph (2)(A) has failed to co-operate by not acting to the best of the party or person’s ability to comply with a request for in-formation, the Commissioner may, in making a determination under paragraph (1), use an in-ference that is adverse to the interests of that party or person in selecting from among the facts otherwise available to make the determina-tion. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—An inference described in 
subparagraph (A) may be used under that sub-paragraph with respect to a person described in clause (ii) or (iii) of paragraph (2)(A) without regard to whether another person involved in the same transaction or transactions under ex-amination has provided the information sought by the Commissioner, such as import or export documentation. 
‘‘(C) A
DVERSE INFERENCE DESCRIBED .—An ad-
verse inference used under subparagraph (A) may include reliance on information derived 
from— 
‘‘(i) the allegation of evasion of the trade rem-
edy laws, if any, submitted to U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(ii) a determination by the Commissioner in 
another investigation, proceeding, or other ac-tion regarding evasion of the unfair trade laws; or 
‘‘(iii) any other available information. ‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 5 business 
days after making a determination under para-graph (1) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commissioner— 
‘‘(A) shall provide to each interested party 
that filed an allegation under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) that resulted in the initiation of an investigation under paragraph (1) of that subsection with respect to such covered mer-chandise a notification of the determination and may, in addition, include an explanation of the basis for the determination; and 
‘‘(B) may provide to importers, in such man-
ner as the Commissioner determines appropriate, information discovered in the investigation that the Commissioner determines will help educate importers with respect to importing merchandise into the customs territory of the United States in accordance with all applicable laws and regula-tions. 
‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF DETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the Commissioner makes 
a determination under subsection (c) that cov-ered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, the Commissioner shall— 
‘‘(A)(i) suspend the liquidation of unliqui-
dated entries of such covered merchandise that are subject to the determination and that enter on or after the date of the initiation of the in-vestigation under subsection (b) with respect to such covered merchandise and on or before the date of the determination; or 
‘‘(ii) if the Commissioner has already sus-
pended the liquidation of such entries pursuant to subsection (e)(1), continue to suspend the liq-uidation of such entries; 
‘‘(B) pursuant to the Commissioner’s author-
ity under section 504(b)— 
‘‘(i) extend the period for liquidating unliqui-
dated entries of such covered merchandise that are subject to the determination and that en-tered before the date of the initiation of the in-vestigation; or 
‘‘(ii) if the Commissioner has already extended 
the period for liquidating such entries pursuant to subsection (e)(1), continue to extend the pe-riod for liquidating such entries; 
‘‘(C) notify the administering authority of the 
determination and request that the admin-istering authority— 
‘‘(i) identify the applicable antidumping or 
countervailing duty assessment rates for entries described in subparagraphs (A) and (B); or 
‘‘(ii) if no such assessment rate for such an 
entry is available at the time, identify the appli-cable cash deposit rate to be applied to the entry, with the applicable antidumping or coun-tervailing duty assessment rate to be provided as soon as that rate becomes available; 
‘‘(D) require the posting of cash deposits and 
assess duties on entries described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) in accordance with the in-structions received from the administering au-thority under paragraph (2); and 
‘‘(E) take such additional enforcement meas-
ures as the Commissioner determines appro-priate, such as— 
‘‘(i) initiating proceedings under section 592 or 
596; 
‘‘(ii) implementing, in consultation with the 
relevant Federal agencies, rule sets or modifica-tions to rule sets for identifying, particularly through the Automated Targeting System and the Automated Commercial Environment au-thorized under section 13031(f)(4) of the Consoli-dated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)), importers, other par-ties, and merchandise that may be associated 
with evasion; 
‘‘(iii) requiring, with respect to merchandise 
for which the importer has repeatedly provided incomplete or erroneous entry summary infor-mation in connection with determinations of evasion, the importer to deposit estimated duties at the time of entry; and 
‘‘(iv) referring the record in whole or in part 
to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for civil or criminal investigation. 
‘‘(2) C
OOPERATION OF ADMINISTERING AUTHOR -
ITY.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Upon receiving a notifica-
tion from the Commissioner under paragraph (1)(C), the administering authority shall promptly provide to the Commissioner the appli-cable cash deposit rates and antidumping or countervailing duty assessment rates and any necessary liquidation instructions. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CASES IN WHICH THE  
PRODUCER OR EXPORTER IS UNKNOWN .—If the 
Commissioner and the administering authority are unable to determine the producer or exporter of the merchandise with respect to which a noti-fication is made under paragraph (1)(C), the ad-ministering authority shall identify, as the ap-plicable cash deposit rate or antidumping or countervailing duty assessment rate, the cash deposit or duty (as the case may be) in the high-est amount applicable to any producer or ex-porter, including the ‘all-others’ rate of the mer-chandise subject to an antidumping order or countervailing duty order under section 736 or 706, respectively, or a finding issued under the Antidumping Act, 1921, or any administrative review conducted under section 751. 
‘‘(e) I
NTERIM MEASURES .—Not later than 90 
calendar days after initiating an investigation under subsection (b) with respect to covered merchandise, the Commissioner shall decide based on the investigation if there is a reason-able suspicion that such covered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion and, if the Com-missioner decides there is such a reasonable sus-picion, the Commissioner shall— 
‘‘(1) suspend the liquidation of each unliqui-
dated entry of such covered merchandise that entered on or after the date of the initiation of the investigation; 
‘‘(2) pursuant to the Commissioner’s authority 
under section 504(b), extend the period for liqui-dating each unliquidated entry of such covered merchandise that entered before the date of the initiation of the investigation; and 
‘‘(3) pursuant to the Commissioner’s authority 
under section 623, take such additional meas-ures as the Commissioner determines necessary to protect the revenue of the United States, in-cluding requiring a single transaction bond or additional security or the posting of a cash de-posit with respect to such covered merchandise. 
‘‘(f) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 business 
days after the Commissioner makes a determina-tion under subsection (c) with respect to wheth-er covered merchandise was entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, a person determined to have entered such covered merchandise through evasion or an interested party that filed an allegation under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) that re-sulted in the initiation of an investigation under paragraph (1) of that subsection with respect to such covered merchandise may file an appeal with the Commissioner for de novo review of the determination. 
‘‘(2) T
IMELINE FOR REVIEW .—Not later than 60 
business days after an appeal of a determina-tion is filed under paragraph (1), the Commis-sioner shall complete the review of the deter-mination. 
‘‘(g) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 business 
days after the Commissioner completes a review under subsection (f) of a determination under subsection (c) with respect to whether covered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9117 December 9, 2015 
merchandise was entered into the customs terri-
tory of the United States through evasion, a person determined to have entered such covered merchandise through evasion or an interested party that filed an allegation under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) that resulted in the initi-ation of an investigation under paragraph (1) of that subsection with respect to such covered merchandise may seek judicial review of the de-termination under subsection (c) and the review under subsection (f) in the United States Court of International Trade to determine whether the determination and review is conducted in ac-cordance with subsections (c) and (f). 
‘‘(2) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—In determining 
whether a determination under subsection (c) or review under subsection (f) is conducted in ac-cordance with those subsections, the United States Court of International Trade shall exam-ine— 
‘‘(A) whether the Commissioner fully complied 
with all procedures under subsections (c) and (f); and 
‘‘(B) whether any determination, finding, or 
conclusion is arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law. 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall affect the availability of judi-cial review to an interested party under any other provision of law. 
‘‘(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION WITHRESPECT  
TOOTHER CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PROCEEDINGS  
AND INVESTIGATIONS .—No determination under 
subsection (c), review under subsection (f), or action taken by the Commissioner pursuant to this section shall preclude any individual or en-tity from proceeding, or otherwise affect or limit the authority of any individual or entity to pro-ceed, with any civil, criminal, or administrative investigation or proceeding pursuant to any other provision of Federal or State law, includ-ing sections 592 and 596.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1581(c) 
of title 28, United States Code, is amended by in-serting ‘‘or 517’’ after ‘‘516A’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than the date 
that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to implement the amendments made by this section. 
Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 431. ALLOCATION AND TRAINING OF PER-
SONNEL. 
The Commissioner shall, to the maximum ex-
tent possible, ensure that U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection— 
(1) employs sufficient personnel who have ex-
pertise in, and responsibility for, preventing and investigating the entry of covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; 
(2) on the basis of risk assessment metrics, as-
signs sufficient personnel with primary respon-sibility for preventing the entry of covered mer-chandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion to the ports of entry in the United States at which the Commis-sioner determines potential evasion presents the most substantial threats to the revenue of the United States; and 
(3) provides adequate training to relevant per-
sonnel to increase expertise and effectiveness in the prevention and identification of entries of covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
SEC. 432. ANNUAL REPORT ON PREVENTION AND 
INVESTIGATION OF EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTER-VAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 15 of 
each calendar year that begins on or after the date that is 270 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Commissioner, in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Commerce and the Di-rector of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, shall submit to the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a re-port on the efforts being taken to prevent and investigate the entry of covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) for the calendar year preceding the sub-
mission of the report— 
(A) a summary of the efforts of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection to prevent and inves-tigate the entry of covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; 
(B) the number of allegations of evasion re-
ceived, including allegations received under sub-section (b) of section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 421 of this Act, and the number of such allegations resulting in inves-tigations by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or any other Federal agency; 
(C) a summary of investigations initiated, in-
cluding investigations initiated under subsection (b) of such section 517, including— 
(i) the number and nature of the investiga-
tions initiated, conducted, or completed; and 
(ii) the resolution of each completed investiga-
tion; 
(D) the amount of additional duties that were 
determined to be owed as a result of such inves-tigations, the amount of such duties that were collected, and, for any such duties not collected, a description of the reasons those duties were not collected; 
(E) with respect to each such investigation 
that led to the imposition of a penalty, the amount of the penalty; 
(F) an identification of the countries of origin 
of covered merchandise determined under sub-section (c) of such section 517 to be entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; 
(G) the amount of antidumping and counter-
vailing duties collected as a result of any inves-tigations or other actions by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or any other Federal agency; 
(H) a description of the allocation of per-
sonnel and other resources of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to prevent and investigate evasion, including any assessments conducted regarding the allocation of such personnel and resources; and 
(I) a description of training conducted to in-
crease expertise and effectiveness in the preven-tion and investigation of evasion; and 
(2) a description of processes and procedures 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to pre-vent and investigate evasion, including— 
(A) the specific guidelines, policies, and prac-
tices used by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to ensure that allegations of evasion are promptly evaluated and acted upon in a timely manner; 
(B) an evaluation of the efficacy of those 
guidelines, policies, and practices; 
(C) an identification of any changes since the 
last report required by this section, if any, that have materially improved or reduced the effec-tiveness of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in preventing and investigating evasion; 
(D) a description of the development and im-
plementation of policies for the application of single entry and continuous bonds for entries of covered merchandise to sufficiently protect the collection of antidumping and countervailing duties commensurate with the level of risk of not collecting those duties; 
(E) a description of the processes and proce-
dures for increased cooperation and information sharing with the Department of Commerce, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and any other relevant Federal agencies to prevent and investigate evasion; and (F) an identification of any recommended pol-
icy changes for other Federal agencies or legis-lative changes to improve the effectiveness of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in pre-venting and investigating evasion. 
(c) P
UBLIC SUMMARY .—The Commissioner 
shall make available to the public a summary of the report required by subsection (a) that in-cludes, at a minimum— 
(1) a description of the type of merchandise 
with respect to which investigations were initi-ated under subsection (b) of section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 421 of this Act; 
(2) the amount of additional duties determined 
to be owed as a result of such investigations and the amount of such duties that were collected; 
(3) an identification of the countries of origin 
of covered merchandise determined under sub-section (c) of such section 517 to be entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; and 
(4) a description of the types of measures used 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to pre-vent and investigate evasion. 
SEC. 433. ADDRESSING CIRCUMVENTION BY NEW 
SHIPPERS. 
Section 751(a)(2)(B) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1675(a)(2)(B)) is amended— 
(1) by striking clause (iii); (2) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause (iii); 
and 
(3) by inserting after clause (iii), as redesig-
nated by paragraph (2) of this section, the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(iv) D
ETERMINATIONS BASED ON BONA FIDE  
SALES .—Any weighted average dumping margin 
or individual countervailing duty rate deter-mined for an exporter or producer in a review conducted under clause (i) shall be based solely on the bona fide United States sales of an ex-porter or producer, as the case may be, made during the period covered by the review. In de-termining whether the United States sales of an exporter or producer made during the period covered by the review were bona fide, the ad-ministering authority shall consider, depending on the circumstances surrounding such sales— 
‘‘(I) the prices of such sales; ‘‘(II) whether such sales were made in com-
mercial quantities; 
‘‘(III) the timing of such sales; ‘‘(IV) the expenses arising from such sales; ‘‘(V) whether the subject merchandise in-
volved in such sales was resold in the United States at a profit; 
‘‘(VI) whether such sales were made on an 
arms-length basis; and 
‘‘(VII) any other factor the administering au-
thority determines to be relevant as to whether such sales are, or are not, likely to be typical of those the exporter or producer will make after completion of the review.’’. 
TITLE V—SMALL BUSINESS TRADE ISSUES 
AND STATE TRADE COORDINATION 
SECTION 501. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Small Business 
Trade Enhancement Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘State Trade Coordination Act’’. 
SEC. 502. OUTREACH AND INPUT FROM SMALL 
BUSINESSES TO TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY. 
Section 203 of Public Law 94–305 (15 U.S.C. 
634c) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘The Office of Advocacy’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Office of Advocacy’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) O
UTREACH AND INPUT FROMSMALL BUSI-
NESSES ON TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘agency’ has the meaning given 
the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘Chief Counsel for Advocacy’ 
means the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9118 December 9, 2015 
‘‘(C) the term ‘covered trade agreement’ means 
a trade agreement being negotiated pursuant to section 103(b) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–26; 19 U.S.C. 4202(b)); and 
‘‘(D) the term ‘Working Group’ means the 
Interagency Working Group convened under paragraph (2)(A). 
‘‘(2) W
ORKING GROUP .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date on which the President submits the notification required under section 105(a) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (Public Law 114– 26; 19 U.S.C. 4204(a)), the Chief Counsel for Ad-vocacy shall convene an Interagency Working Group, which shall consist of an employee from each of the following agencies, as selected by the head of the agency or an official delegated by the head of the agency: 
‘‘(i) The Office of the United States Trade 
Representative. 
‘‘(ii) The Department of Commerce. ‘‘(iii) The Department of Agriculture. ‘‘(iv) Any other agency that the Chief Counsel 
for Advocacy, in consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines to be relevant with respect to the subject of the cov-ered trade agreement. 
‘‘(B) V
IEWS OF SMALL BUSINESSES .—Not later 
than 30 days after the date on which the Chief Counsel for Advocacy convenes the Working Group under subparagraph (A), the Chief Coun-sel for Advocacy shall identify a diverse group of small businesses, representatives of small businesses, or a combination thereof, to provide to the Working Group the views of small busi-nesses in the manufacturing, services, and agri-culture industries on the potential economic ef-fects of the covered trade agreement. 
‘‘(3) R
EPORT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date on which the Chief Counsel for Advocacy convenes the Working Group under paragraph (2)(A), the Chief Counsel for Advo-cacy shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Small Business and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a report on the economic impacts of the covered trade agreement on small businesses, which shall— 
‘‘(i) identify the most important priorities, op-
portunities, and challenges to various industries from the covered trade agreement; 
‘‘(ii) assess the impact for new small busi-
nesses to start exporting, or increase their ex-ports, to markets in countries that are parties to the covered trade agreement; 
‘‘(iii) analyze the competitive position of in-
dustries likely to be significantly affected by the covered trade agreement; 
‘‘(iv) identify— ‘‘(I) any State-owned enterprises in each 
country participating in negotiations for the covered trade agreement that could pose a threat to small businesses; and 
‘‘(II) any steps to take to create a level play-
ing field for those small businesses; 
‘‘(v) identify any rule of an agency that 
should be modified to become compliant with the covered trade agreement; and 
‘‘(vi) include an overview of the methodology 
used to develop the report, including the number of small business participants by industry, how those small businesses were selected, and any other factors that the Chief Counsel for Advo-cacy may determine appropriate. 
‘‘(B) D
ELAYED SUBMISSION .—To ensure that 
negotiations for the covered trade agreement are not disrupted, the President may require that the Chief Counsel for Advocacy delay submis-sion of the report under subparagraph (A) until after the negotiations for the covered trade agreement are concluded, provided that the delay allows the Chief Counsel for Advocacy to submit the report to Congress not later than 45 days before the Senate or the House of Rep-
resentatives acts to approve or disapprove the covered trade agreement. 
‘‘(C) A
VOIDANCE OF DUPLICATION .—The Chief 
Counsel for Advocacy shall, to the extent prac-ticable, coordinate the submission of the report under this paragraph with the United States International Trade Commission, the United States Trade Representative, other agencies, and trade advisory committees to avoid unneces-sary duplication of reporting requirements.’’. 
SEC. 503. STATE TRADE EXPANSION PROGRAM. 
Section 22 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 
649) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (l) as sub-
section (m); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (k) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(l) S TATE TRADE EXPANSION PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘eligible small business concern’ 
means a business concern that— 
‘‘(i) is organized or incorporated in the United 
States; 
‘‘(ii) is operating in the United States; ‘‘(iii) meets— ‘‘(I) the applicable industry-based small busi-
ness size standard established under section 3; or 
‘‘(II) the alternate size standard applicable to 
the program under section 7(a) of this Act and the loan programs under title V of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 695 et seq.); 
‘‘(iv) has been in business for not less than 1 
year, as of the date on which assistance using a grant under this subsection commences; and 
‘‘(v) has access to sufficient resources to bear 
the costs associated with trade, including the costs of packing, shipping, freight forwarding, and customs brokers; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘program’ means the State 
Trade Expansion Program established under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(C) the term ‘rural small business concern’ 
means an eligible small business concern located in a rural area, as that term is defined in sec-tion 1393(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
‘‘(D) the term ‘socially and economically dis-
advantaged small business concern’ has the meaning given that term in section 8(a)(4)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(4)(A)); and 
‘‘(E) the term ‘State’ means each of the sev-
eral States, the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mar-iana Islands, and American Samoa. 
‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Asso-
ciate Administrator shall establish a trade ex-pansion program, to be known as the ‘State Trade Expansion Program’, to make grants to States to carry out programs that assist eligible small business concerns in— 
‘‘(A) participation in foreign trade missions; ‘‘(B) a subscription to services provided by the 
Department of Commerce; 
‘‘(C) the payment of website fees; ‘‘(D) the design of marketing media; ‘‘(E) a trade show exhibition; ‘‘(F) participation in training workshops; ‘‘(G) a reverse trade mission; ‘‘(H) procurement of consultancy services 
(after consultation with the Department of Com-merce to avoid duplication); or 
‘‘(I) any other initiative determined appro-
priate by the Associate Administrator. 
‘‘(3) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(A) J OINT REVIEW .—In carrying out the pro-
gram, the Associate Administrator may make a grant to a State to increase the number of eligi-ble small business concerns in the State explor-ing significant new trade opportunities. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In making grants 
under this subsection, the Associate Adminis-trator may give priority to an application by a State that proposes a program that— ‘‘(i) focuses on eligible small business concerns 
as part of a trade expansion program; 
‘‘(ii) demonstrates intent to promote trade ex-
pansion by— 
‘‘(I) socially and economically disadvantaged 
small business concerns; 
‘‘(II) small business concerns owned or con-
trolled by women; and 
‘‘(III) rural small business concerns; ‘‘(iii) promotes trade facilitation from a State 
that is not 1 of the 10 States with the highest percentage of eligible small business concerns that are engaged in international trade, based upon the most recent data from the Department of Commerce; and 
‘‘(iv) includes— ‘‘(I) activities which have resulted in the 
highest return on investment based on the most recent year; and 
‘‘(II) the adoption of shared best practices in-
cluded in the annual report of the Administra-tion. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(i) S INGLE APPLICATION .—A State may not 
submit more than 1 application for a grant under the program in any 1 fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) P
ROPORTION OF AMOUNTS .—The total 
value of grants made under the program during a fiscal year to the 10 States with the highest percentage of eligible small business concerns, based upon the most recent data available from the Department of Commerce, shall be not more than 40 percent of the amounts appropriated for the program for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(iii) D
URATION .—The Associate Adminis-
trator shall award a grant under this program for a period of not more than 2 years. 
‘‘(D) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A State desiring a grant 
under the program shall submit an application at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Associate Adminis-trator may establish. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONSULTATION TO REDUCE DUPLICA -
TION.—A State desiring a grant under the pro-
gram shall— 
‘‘(I) before submitting an application under 
clause (i), consult with applicable trade agen-cies of the Federal Government on the scope and mission of the activities the State proposes to carry out using the grant, to ensure proper co-ordination and reduce duplication in services; and 
‘‘(II) document the consultation conducted 
under subclause (I) in the application submitted under clause (i). 
‘‘(4) C
OMPETITIVE BASIS .—The Associate Ad-
ministrator shall award grants under the pro-gram on a competitive basis. 
‘‘(5) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a trade expansion program carried out using a grant under the program shall be— 
‘‘(A) for a State that has a high trade volume, 
as determined by the Associate Administrator, not more than 65 percent; and 
‘‘(B) for a State that does not have a high 
trade volume, as determined by the Associate Administrator, not more than 75 percent. 
‘‘(6) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal 
share of the cost of a trade expansion program carried out using a grant under the program shall be comprised of not less than 50 percent cash and not more than 50 percent of indirect costs and in-kind contributions, except that no such costs or contributions may be derived from funds from any other Federal program. 
‘‘(7) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Associate Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a re-port, which shall include— 
‘‘(i) a description of the structure of and pro-
cedures for the program; 
‘‘(ii) a management plan for the program; and ‘‘(iii) a description of the merit-based review 
process to be used in the program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9119 December 9, 2015 
‘‘(B) A NNUAL REPORTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Associate Adminis-
trator shall publish on the website of the Ad-ministration an annual report regarding the program, which shall include— 
‘‘(I) the number and amount of grants made 
under the program during the preceding year; 
‘‘(II) a list of the States receiving a grant 
under the program during the preceding year, including the activities being performed with each grant; 
‘‘(III) the effect of each grant on the eligible 
small business concerns in the State receiving the grant; 
‘‘(IV) the total return on investment for each 
State; and 
‘‘(V) a description of best practices by States 
that showed high returns on investment and sig-nificant progress in helping more eligible small business concerns. 
‘‘(ii) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—On the date on 
which the Associate Administrator publishes a report under clause (i), the Associate Adminis-trator shall notify the Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives that the report has been pub-lished. 
‘‘(8) R
EVIEWS BY INSPECTOR GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Inspector General of 
the Administration shall conduct a review of— 
‘‘(i) the extent to which recipients of grants 
under the program are measuring the perform-ance of the activities being conducted and the results of the measurements; and 
‘‘(ii) the overall management and effectiveness 
of the program. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(i) P ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 6 
months after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Inspector General of the Adminis-tration shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report regarding the use of amounts made available under the State Trade and Export Promotion Grant Program under section 1207 of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 (15 U.S.C. 649b note). 
‘‘(ii) N
EW STEP PROGRAM .—Not later than 18 
months after the date on which the first grant is awarded under this subsection, the Inspector General of the Administration shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report regarding the review conducted under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(9) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the program $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 504. STATE AND FEDERAL EXPORT PRO-
MOTION COORDINATION. 
(a) S TATE AND FEDERAL EXPORT PROMOTION  
COORDINATION WORKING GROUP .—Subtitle C of 
the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4721 et seq.) is amended by inserting after sec-tion 2313 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2313A. STATE AND FEDERAL EXPORT PRO-
MOTION COORDINATION WORKING GROUP. 
‘‘(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy 
of the United States to promote exports as an opportunity for small businesses. In exercising their powers and functions in order to advance that policy, all Federal agencies shall work con-structively with State and local agencies en-gaged in export promotion and export financing activities. 
‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The President shall es-
tablish a State and Federal Export Promotion Coordination Working Group (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘Working Group’) as a sub-committee of the Trade Promotion Coordination Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘TPCC’). 
‘‘(c) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Working 
Group are— ‘‘(1) to identify issues related to the coordina-
tion of Federal resources relating to export pro-motion and export financing with such re-sources provided by State and local govern-ments; 
‘‘(2) to identify ways to improve coordination 
with respect to export promotion and export fi-nancing activities through the strategic plan de-veloped under section 2312(c); 
‘‘(3) to develop a strategy for improving co-
ordination of Federal and State resources relat-ing to export promotion and export financing, including methods to eliminate duplication of effort and overlapping functions; and 
‘‘(4) to develop a strategic plan for considering 
and implementing the suggestions of the Work-ing Group as part of the strategic plan devel-oped under section 2312(c). 
‘‘(d) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Secretary of Com-
merce shall select the members of the Working Group, who shall include— 
‘‘(1) representatives from State trade agencies 
representing regionally diverse areas; and 
‘‘(2) representatives of the departments and 
agencies that are represented on the TPCC, who are designated by the heads of their respective departments or agencies to advise the head on ways of promoting the exportation of United States goods and services.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT ON IMPROVEMENTS TO EXPORT .GOV 
AS A SINGLE WINDOW FOR EXPORT INFORMA -
TION.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Associate Administrator for International Trade of the Small Business Administration shall, after con-sultation with the entities specified in para-graph (2), submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report that includes the rec-ommendations of the Associate Administrator for improving the experience provided by the Internet website Export.gov (or a successor website) as— 
(A) a comprehensive resource for information 
about exporting articles from the United States; and 
(B) a single website for exporters to submit all 
information required by the Federal Government with respect to the exportation of articles from the United States. 
(2) E
NTITIES SPECIFIED .—The entities specified 
in this paragraph are— 
(A) small business concerns (as defined in sec-
tion 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)) that are exporters; and 
(B) the President’s Export Council, State 
agencies with responsibility for export pro-motion or export financing, district export coun-cils, and trade associations. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Small Business and En-
trepreneurship and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Small Business and the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(c) A
VAILABILITY OF STATE RESOURCES GUIDES  
ONEXPORT .GOV.—The Secretary of Commerce 
shall make available on the Internet website Ex-port.gov (or a successor website) information on the resources relating to export promotion and export financing available in each State— 
(1) organized by State; and (2) including information on State agencies 
with responsibility for export promotion or ex-port financing and district export councils and trade associations located in the State. 
SEC. 505. STATE TRADE COORDINATION. 
(a) M EMBERSHIP OF REPRESENTATIVES OF  
STATE TRADE PROMOTION AGENCIES ON TRADE  
PROMOTION COORDINATING COMMITTEE .—Sec-
tion 2312 of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4727) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) R
EPRESENTATIVES FROM STATE TRADE  
PROMOTION AGENCIES .—The TPCC shall also in-
clude 1 or more members appointed by the Presi-dent who are representatives of State trade pro-motion agencies.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e), in the first sentence, by 
inserting ‘‘(other than members described in subsection (d)(2))’’ after ‘‘Members of the TPCC’’. 
(b) F
EDERAL AND STATE EXPORT PROMOTION  
COORDINATION PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Commerce, 
acting through the Trade Promotion Coordi-nating Committee and in coordination with rep-resentatives of State trade promotion agencies, shall develop a comprehensive plan to integrate the resources and strategies of State trade pro-motion agencies into the overall Federal trade promotion program. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The plan re-
quired under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A description of the role of State trade 
promotion agencies in assisting exporters. 
(B) An outline of the role of State trade pro-
motion agencies and how it is different from Federal agencies located within or providing services within the State. 
(C) A plan on how to utilize State trade pro-
motion agencies in the Federal trade promotion program. 
(D) An explanation of how Federal and State 
agencies will share information and resources. 
(E) A description of how Federal and State 
agencies will coordinate education and trade events in the United States and abroad. 
(F) A description of the efforts to increase effi-
ciency and reduce duplication. 
(G) A clear identification of where businesses 
can receive appropriate international trade in-formation under the plan. 
(3) D
EADLINE .—The plan required under para-
graph (1) shall be finalized and submitted to Congress not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) A
NNUAL FEDERAL -STATE EXPORT STRAT-
EGY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Commerce, 
acting through the head of the United States Foreign and Commercial Service, shall develop an annual Federal-State export strategy for each State that submits to the Secretary of Com-merce its export strategy for the upcoming cal-endar year. In developing an annual Federal- State export strategy under this paragraph, the Secretary of Commerce shall take into account the Federal and State export promotion coordi-nation plan developed under subsection (b). 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The Federal- 
State export strategy required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) The State’s export strategy and economic 
goals. 
(B) The State’s key sectors and industries of 
focus. 
(C) Possible foreign and domestic trade events. (D) Efforts to increase efficiencies and reduce 
duplication. 
(3) R
EPORT .—The Federal-State export strat-
egy required under paragraph (1) shall be sub-mitted to the Trade Promotion Coordinating Committee not later than February 1, 2017, and February 1 of each year thereafter. 
(d) C
OORDINATED METRICS AND INFORMATION  
SHARING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Commerce, 
in coordination with representatives of State trade promotion agencies, shall develop a frame-work to share export success information, and develop a coordinated set of reporting metrics. 
(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to Con-gress a report that contains the framework and reporting metrics required under paragraph (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9120 December 9, 2015 
(e) A NNUAL SURVEY AND ANALYSIS AND RE-
PORT UNDER NATIONAL EXPORT STRATEGY .—Sec-
tion 2312 of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4727) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(B) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) in coordination with State trade pro-
motion agencies, include a survey and analysis regarding the overall effectiveness of Federal- State coordination and export promotion goals on an annual basis, to further include best practices, recommendations to better assist small businesses, and other relevant matters.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f)(1), by inserting ‘‘(includ-
ing implementation of the survey and analysis described in paragraph (7) of that subsection)’’ after ‘‘the implementation of such plan’’. 
TITLE VI—ADDITIONAL ENFORCEMENT 
PROVISIONS 
SEC. 601. TRADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 310 of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2420) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 310. TRADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES. 
‘‘(a) T RADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES , CON-
SULTATIONS , ANDREPORT .— 
‘‘(1) T RADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES CON -
SULTATIONS .—Not later than May 31 of each cal-
endar year that begins after the date of the en-actment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the United States Trade Representative (in this section referred to as the ‘Trade Representative’) shall consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives with respect to the prioritization of acts, policies, or practices of foreign governments that raise concerns with re-spect to obligations under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, or otherwise create or maintain barriers to United States goods, serv-ices, or investment. 
‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION OF TRADE ENFORCEMENT  
PRIORITIES .—In identifying acts, policies, or 
practices of foreign governments as trade en-forcement priorities under this subsection, the Trade Representative shall focus on those acts, policies, and practices the elimination of which is likely to have the most significant potential to increase United States economic growth, and take into account all relevant factors, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) the economic significance of any poten-
tial inconsistency between an obligation as-sumed by a foreign government pursuant to a trade agreement to which both the foreign gov-ernment and the United States are parties and the acts, policies, or practices of that govern-ment; 
‘‘(B) the impact of the acts, policies, or prac-
tices of a foreign government on maintaining and creating United States jobs and productive capacity; 
‘‘(C) the major barriers and trade distorting 
practices described in the most recent National Trade Estimate required under section 181(b); 
‘‘(D) the major barriers and trade distorting 
practices described in other relevant reports ad-dressing international trade and investment bar-riers prepared by a Federal agency or congres-sional commission during the 12 months pre-ceding the date of the most recent report under paragraph (3); 
‘‘(E) a foreign government’s compliance with 
its obligations under any trade agreements to which both the foreign government and the United States are parties; 
‘‘(F) the implications of a foreign govern-
ment’s procurement plans and policies; and 
‘‘(G) the international competitive position 
and export potential of United States products and services. ‘‘(3) R
EPORT ON TRADE ENFORCEMENT PRIOR -
ITIES AND ACTIONS TAKEN TO ADDRESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than July 31 of 
each calendar year that begins after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Trade Rep-resentative shall report to the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives on acts, policies, or practices of foreign govern-ments identified as trade enforcement priorities based on the consultations under paragraph (1) and the criteria set forth in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) R
EPORT IN SUBSEQUENT YEARS .—The 
Trade Representative shall include, when re-porting under subparagraph (A) in any cal-endar year after the calendar year that begins after the date of the enactment of the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, a description of actions taken to address any acts, policies, or practices of foreign governments identified as trade enforcement priorities under this subsection in the calendar year preceding that report and, as relevant, any calendar year before that calendar year. 
‘‘(b) S
EMIANNUAL ENFORCEMENT CONSULTA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—At the same time as the re-
porting under subsection (a)(3), and not later than January 31 of each following year, the Trade Representative shall consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives with respect to the identifica-tion, prioritization, investigation, and resolution of acts, policies, or practices of foreign govern-ments of concern with respect to obligations under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, or that otherwise create or maintain trade bar-riers. 
‘‘(2) A
CTS, POLICIES , OR PRACTICES OF CON -
CERN.—The semiannual enforcement consulta-
tions required by paragraph (1) shall address acts, policies, or practices of foreign govern-ments that raise concerns with respect to obliga-tions under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party, or otherwise create or maintain trade barriers, including— 
‘‘(A) engagement with relevant trading part-
ners; 
‘‘(B) strategies for addressing such concerns; ‘‘(C) availability and deployment of resources 
to be used in the investigation or resolution of such concerns; 
‘‘(D) the merits of any potential dispute reso-
lution proceeding under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party relating to such concerns; and 
‘‘(E) any other aspects of such concerns. ‘‘(3) A
CTIVE INVESTIGATIONS .—The semiannual 
enforcement consultations required by para-graph (1) shall address acts, policies, or prac-tices that the Trade Representative is actively investigating with respect to obligations under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agree-ment to which the United States is a party, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) strategies for addressing concerns raised 
by such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(B) any relevant timeline with respect to in-
vestigation of such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(C) the merits of any potential dispute reso-
lution proceeding under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party with respect to such acts, poli-cies, or practices; 
‘‘(D) barriers to the advancement of the inves-
tigation of such acts, policies, or practices; and 
‘‘(E) any other matters relating to the inves-
tigation of such acts, policies, or practices. 
‘‘(4) O
NGOING ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS .—The 
semiannual enforcement consultations required by paragraph (1) shall address all ongoing en-forcement actions taken by or against the United States with respect to obligations under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agree-ment to which the United States is a party, in-
cluding— 
‘‘(A) any relevant timeline with respect to 
such actions; 
‘‘(B) the merits of such actions; ‘‘(C) any prospective implementation actions; ‘‘(D) potential implications for any law or reg-
ulation of the United States; 
‘‘(E) potential implications for United States 
stakeholders, domestic competitors, and export-ers; and 
‘‘(F) other issues relating to such actions. ‘‘(5) E
NFORCEMENT RESOURCES .—The semi-
annual enforcement consultations required by paragraph (1) shall address the availability and deployment of enforcement resources, resource constraints on monitoring and enforcement ac-tivities, and strategies to address those con-straints, including the use of available resources of other Federal agencies to enhance monitoring and enforcement capabilities. 
‘‘(c) I
NVESTIGATION AND RESOLUTION .—In the 
case of any acts, policies, or practices of a for-eign government identified as a trade enforce-ment priority under subsection (a), the Trade Representative shall, not later than the date of the first semiannual enforcement consultations held under subsection (b) after the identification of the priority, take appropriate action to ad-dress that priority, including— 
‘‘(1) engagement with the foreign government 
to resolve concerns raised by such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(2) initiation of an investigation under sec-
tion 302(b)(1) with respect to such acts, policies, or practices; 
‘‘(3) initiation of negotiations for a bilateral 
agreement that provides for resolution of con-cerns raised by such acts, policies, or practices; or 
‘‘(4) initiation of dispute settlement pro-
ceedings under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party with respect to such acts, poli-cies, or practices. 
‘‘(d) E
NFORCEMENT NOTIFICATIONS AND CON-
SULTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIATION OF ENFORCEMENT ACTION .— 
The Trade Representative shall notify and con-sult with the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives in advance of the initiation of any formal trade dispute by or against the United States taken in regard to an obligation under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party. With respect to a formal trade dispute against the United States, if advance notification and consultation are not possible, the Trade Representative shall notify and con-sult at the earliest practicable opportunity after initiation of the dispute. 
‘‘(2) C
IRCULATION OF REPORTS .—The Trade 
Representative shall notify and consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives in advance of the announced or anticipated circulation of any report of a dis-pute settlement panel or the Appellate Body of the World Trade Organization or of a dispute settlement panel under any other trade agree-ment to which the United States is a party with respect to a formal trade dispute by or against the United States. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) WTO.—The term ‘WTO’ means the World 
Trade Organization. 
‘‘(2) WTO AGREEMENT .—The term ‘WTO 
Agreement’ has the meaning given that term in section 2(9) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(9)). 
‘‘(3) WTO 
AGREEMENTS .—The term ‘WTO 
Agreements’ means the WTO Agreement and agreements annexed to that Agreement.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by striking the item relating to section 310 and in-serting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 310. Trade enforcement priorities.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9121 December 9, 2015 
SEC. 602. EXERCISE OF WTO AUTHORIZATION TO 
SUSPEND CONCESSIONS OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS UNDER TRADE AGREE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 306 of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2416) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) E XERCISE OF WTO A UTHORIZATION TO  
SUSPEND CONCESSIONS OR OTHER OBLIGA -
TIONS .—If— 
‘‘(1) action has terminated pursuant to section 
307(c), 
‘‘(2) the petitioner or any representative of the 
domestic industry that would benefit from rein-statement of action has submitted to the Trade Representative a written request for reinstate-ment of action, and 
‘‘(3) the Trade Representatives has completed 
the requirements of subsection (d) and section 307(c)(3), 
the Trade Representative may at any time deter-
mine to take action under section 301(c) to exer-cise an authorization to suspend concessions or other obligations under Article 22 of the Under-standing on Rules and Procedures Governing the Settlement of Disputes (referred to in section 101(d)(16) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(16))).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 1 of 
title III of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2411 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 301(c)(1) (19 U.S.C. 2411(c)(1)), in 
the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by in-serting ‘‘or section 306(c)’’ after ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; 
(2) in section 306(b) (19 U.S.C. 2416(b)), in the 
subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
URTHER AC-
TION’’ and inserting ‘‘A CTION ON THE BASIS OF  
MONITORING ’’; 
(3) in section 306(d) (19 U.S.C. 2416(d)), as re-
designated by subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘or (c)’’ after ‘‘subsection (b)’’; and 
(4) in section 307(c)(3) (19 U.S.C. 2417(c)(3)), 
by inserting ‘‘or if a request is submitted to the Trade Representative under section 306(c)(2) to reinstate action,’’ after ‘‘under section 301,’’. 
SEC. 603. TRADE MONITORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title II of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2251 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 205. TRADE MONITORING. 
‘‘(a) M ONITORING TOOL FOR IMPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Commission shall make available on a website of the Commission an import monitoring tool to allow the public access to data on the volume and value of goods imported to the United States for the purpose of assessing whether such data has changed with respect to such goods over a period of time. 
‘‘(2) D
ATA DESCRIBED .—For purposes of the 
monitoring tool under paragraph (1), the Com-mission shall use data compiled by the Depart-ment of Commerce and such other government data as the Commission considers appropriate. 
‘‘(3) P
ERIODS OF TIME .—The Commission shall 
ensure that data accessed through the moni-toring tool under paragraph (1) includes data for the most recent quarter for which such data are available and previous quarters as the Com-mission considers practicable. 
‘‘(b) M
ONITORING REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and not less frequently than quarterly there-after, the Secretary of Commerce shall publish on a website of the Department of Commerce, and notify the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives of the avail-ability of, a monitoring report on changes in the volume and value of trade with respect to im-ports and exports of goods categorized based on 
the 6-digit subheading number of the goods under the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States during the most recent quarter for which such data are available and previous quarters as the Secretary considers practicable. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUESTS FOR COMMENT .—Not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Secretary of Commerce shall solicit through the Federal Register public comment on the monitoring reports described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(c) S
UNSET .—The requirements under this 
section terminate on the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item re-lating to section 204 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 205. Trade monitoring.’’. 
SEC. 604. ESTABLISHMENT OF INTERAGENCY 
CENTER ON TRADE IMPLEMENTA-TION, MONITORING, AND ENFORCE-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 141 of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) I
NTERAGENCY CENTER ON TRADE IMPLE -
MENTATION , MONITORING , ANDENFORCEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT OF CENTER .—There is es-
tablished in the Office of the United States Trade Representative an Interagency Center on Trade Implementation, Monitoring, and En-forcement (in this section referred to as the ‘Center’). 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS OF CENTER .—The Center shall 
support the activities of the United States Trade Representative in— 
‘‘(A) investigating potential disputes under 
the auspices of the World Trade Organization; 
‘‘(B) investigating potential disputes pursuant 
to bilateral and regional trade agreements to which the United States is a party; 
‘‘(C) carrying out the functions of the United 
States Trade Representative under this section with respect to the monitoring and enforcement of trade agreements to which the United States is a party; and 
‘‘(D) monitoring measures taken by parties to 
implement provisions of trade agreements to which the United States is a party. 
‘‘(3) P
ERSONNEL .— 
‘‘(A) D IRECTOR .—The head of the Center shall 
be a Director, who shall be appointed by the United States Trade Representative. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL EMPLOYEES .—A Federal 
agency may, in consultation with and with the approval of the United States Trade Representa-tive, detail or assign one or more employees to the Center without any reimbursement from the Center to support the functions of the Center.’’. 
(b) I
NTERAGENCY RESOURCES .—Section 
141(d)(1)(A) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171(d)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing resources of the Interagency Center on Trade Implementation, Monitoring, and En-forcement established under subsection (h),’’ after ‘‘interagency resources’’. 
(c) R
EPORTS .—Section 163 of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2213) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (K), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(L) the operation of the Interagency Center 
on Trade Implementation, Monitoring, and En-forcement established under section 141(h), in-cluding— 
‘‘(i) information relating to the personnel of 
the Center, including a description of any em-ployees detailed or assigned to the Center by a Federal agency under paragraph (3)(B) of such section; 
‘‘(ii) information relating to the functions of 
the Center; and ‘‘(iii) an assessment of the operating costs of 
the Center.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) Q
UADRENNIAL PLAN AND REPORT .— 
‘‘(1) Q UADRENNIAL PLAN .—Pursuant to the 
goals and objectives of the strategic plan of the Office of the United States Trade Representative as required under section 306 of title 5, United States Code, the Trade Representative shall, every 4 years, develop a plan— 
‘‘(A) to analyze internal quality controls and 
record management of the Office; 
‘‘(B) to identify existing staff of the Office 
and new staff that will be necessary to support the trade negotiation and enforcement functions and powers of the Office (including those func-tions and powers of the Trade Policy Staff Com-mittee) as described in section 141 and section 301; 
‘‘(C) to identify existing staff of the Office 
and staff in other Federal agencies who will be required to be detailed or assigned to support interagency programs led by the Trade Rep-resentative, including any associated expenses; 
‘‘(D) to provide an outline of budget justifica-
tions, including salaries and expenses as well as nonpersonnel administrative expenses, for the fiscal years required under the strategic plan; and 
‘‘(E) to provide an outline of budget justifica-
tions, including salaries and expenses as well as nonpersonnel administrative expenses, for inter-agency programs led by the Trade Representa-tive for the fiscal years required under the stra-tegic plan. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Trade Representative 
shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains the plan re-quired under paragraph (1). Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the report required under this subparagraph shall be submitted in con-junction with the strategic plan of the Office as required under section 306 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The Trade Representative 
shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an initial report that contains the plan required under paragraph (1) not later than June 1, 2016. 
‘‘(C) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘ap-
propriate congressional committees’ means— 
‘‘(i) the Committee on Finance and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(ii) the Committee on Ways and Means and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 605. INCLUSION OF INTEREST IN CERTAIN 
DISTRIBUTIONS OF ANTIDUMPING DUTIES AND COUNTERVAILING DU-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Homeland 
Security shall deposit all interest described in subsection (c) into the special account estab-lished under section 754(e) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1675c(e)) (repealed by subtitle F of title VII of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–171; 120 Stat. 154)) for inclusion in distributions described in subsection (b) made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) D
ISTRIBUTIONS DESCRIBED .—Distributions 
described in this subsection are distributions of antidumping duties and countervailing duties assessed on or after October 1, 2000, that are made under section 754 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1675c) (repealed by subtitle F of title VII of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–171; 120 Stat. 154)), with respect to en-tries of merchandise that— 
(1) were made on or before September 30, 2007; 
and 
(2) were, in accordance with section 822 of the 
Claims Resolution Act of 2010 (19 U.S.C. 1675c note), unliquidated, not in litigation, and not under an order of liquidation from the Depart-ment of Commerce on December 8, 2010. 
(c) I
NTEREST DESCRIBED .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9122 December 9, 2015 
(1) I NTEREST REALIZED .—Interest described in 
this subsection is interest earned on anti-dumping duties or countervailing duties de-scribed in subsection (b) that is realized through application of a payment received on or after October 1, 2014, by U.S. Customs and Border Protection under, or in connection with— 
(A) a customs bond pursuant to a court order 
or judgment; or 
(B) a settlement with respect to a customs 
bond, including any payment made to U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection with respect to that bond by a surety. 
(2) T
YPES OF INTEREST .—Interest described in 
paragraph (1) includes the following: 
(A) Interest accrued under section 778 of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677g). 
(B) Interest accrued under section 505(d) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1505(d)). 
(C) Equitable interest under common law and 
interest under section 963 of the Revised Stat-utes (19 U.S.C. 580) awarded by a court against a surety under its bond for late payment of anti-dumping duties, countervailing duties, or inter-est described in subparagraph (A) or (B). 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A NTIDUMPING DUTIES .—The term ‘‘anti-
dumping duties’’ means antidumping duties im-posed under section 731 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673) or under the Antidumping Act, 1921 (title II of the Act of May 27, 1921; 42 Stat. 11, chapter 14). 
(2) C
OUNTERVAILING DUTIES .—The term 
‘‘countervailing duties’’ means countervailing duties imposed under section 701 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671). 
SEC. 606. ILLICITLY IMPORTED, EXPORTED, OR 
TRAFFICKED CULTURAL PROPERTY, ARCHAEOLOGICAL OR ETHNO-LOGICAL MATERIALS, AND FISH, WILDLIFE, AND PLANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner and the 
Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement shall ensure that appropriate per-sonnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, as the case may be, are trained in the de-tection, identification, detention, seizure, and forfeiture of cultural property, archaeological or ethnological materials, and fish, wildlife, and plants, the importation, exportation, or traf-ficking of which violates the laws of the United States. 
(b) T
RAINING .—The Commissioner and the Di-
rector are authorized to accept training and other support services from experts outside of the Federal Government with respect to the de-tection, identification, detention, seizure, and forfeiture of cultural property, archaeological or ethnological materials, or fish, wildlife, and plants described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 607. ENFORCEMENT UNDER TITLE III OF 
THE TRADE ACT OF 1974 WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN ACTS, POLICIES, AND PRACTICES. 
Section 301(d)(3)(B) of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2411(d)(3)(B)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iii)(V), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) constitutes a persistent pattern of con-
duct by the government of a foreign country under which that government fails to effectively enforce commitments under agreements to which the foreign country and the United States are parties, including with respect to trade in goods, trade in services, trade in agriculture, foreign investment, intellectual property, digital trade in goods and services and cross-border data flows, regulatory practices, state-owned and state-controlled enterprises, localization barriers to trade, labor and the environment, anticorruption, trade remedy laws, textiles, and commercial partnerships.’’. 
SEC. 608. HONEY TRANSSHIPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner shall di-
rect appropriate personnel and the use of re-sources of U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
to address concerns that honey is being im-ported into the United States in violation of the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
(b) C
OUNTRY OF ORIGIN .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall com-
pile a database of the individual characteristics of honey produced in foreign countries to facili-tate the verification of country of origin mark-ings of imported honey. 
(2) E
NGAGEMENT WITH FOREIGN GOVERN -
MENTS .—The Commissioner shall seek to engage 
the customs agencies of foreign governments for assistance in compiling the database described in paragraph (1). 
(3) C
ONSULTATION WITH INDUSTRY .—In com-
piling the database described in paragraph (1), the Commissioner shall consult with entities in the honey industry regarding the development of industry standards for honey identification. 
(4) C
ONSULTATION WITH FOOD AND DRUG AD -
MINISTRATION .—In compiling the database de-
scribed in paragraph (1), the Commissioner shall consult with the Commissioner of Food and Drugs. 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall submit to Congress a re-port that— 
(1) describes and assesses the limitations in 
the existing analysis capabilities of laboratories with respect to determining the country of ori-gin of honey samples or the percentage of honey contained in a sample; and 
(2) includes any recommendations of the Com-
missioner for improving such capabilities. 
(d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Commissioner of Food and Drugs should promptly establish a national standard of identity for honey for the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to use to ensure that imports of honey are— 
(1) classified accurately for purposes of assess-
ing duties; and 
(2) denied entry into the United States if such 
imports pose a threat to the health or safety of consumers in the United States. 
SEC. 609. ESTABLISHMENT OF CHIEF INNOVA-
TION AND INTELLECTUAL PROP-ERTY NEGOTIATOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 141 of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘and one Chief Agricultural 
Negotiator’’ and inserting ‘‘, one Chief Agricul-tural Negotiator, and one Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property Negotiator,’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘or the Chief Agricultural Ne-
gotiator’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Chief Agricul-tural Negotiator, or the Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property Negotiator’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘and the Chief Agricultural 
Negotiator’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Chief Agricul-tural Negotiator, and the Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property Negotiator’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by moving paragraph (5) 2 ems to the left; 
and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) The principal functions of the Chief In-
novation and Intellectual Property Negotiator shall be to conduct trade negotiations and to en-force trade agreements relating to United States intellectual property and to take appropriate ac-tions to address acts, policies, and practices of foreign governments that have a significant ad-verse impact on the value of United States inno-vation. The Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property Negotiator shall be a vigorous advo-cate on behalf of United States innovation and intellectual property interests. The Chief Inno-vation and Intellectual Property Negotiator shall perform such other functions as the United States Trade Representative may direct.’’. 
(b) C
OMPENSATION .—Section 5314 of title 5, 
United States Code is amended by striking ‘‘Chief Agricultural Negotiator.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Chief Agricultural Negotiator, Office of the 
United States Trade Representative. 
‘‘Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property 
Negotiator, Office of the United States Trade Representative.’’. 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one 
year after the appointment of the first Chief In-novation and Intellectual Property Negotiator pursuant to paragraph (2) of section 141(b) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended by subsection (a), and annually thereafter, the United States Trade Representative shall submit to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives a report describing in detail— 
(1) enforcement actions taken by the Trade 
Representative during the one-year period pre-ceding the submission of the report to ensure the protection of United States innovation and in-tellectual property interests; and 
(2) other actions taken by the Trade Rep-
resentative to advance United States innovation and intellectual property interests. 
SEC. 610. MEASURES RELATING TO COUNTRIES 
THAT DENY ADEQUATE PROTECTION FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF COUNTRIES THATDENYADE-
QUATE PROTECTION OF TRADE SECRETS .—Section 
182(d)(2) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2242(d)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, trade se-crets,’’ after ‘‘copyrights’’. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULES FOR COUNTRIES ON THE  
PRIORITY WATCH LIST OF THE UNITED STATES  
TRADE REPRESENTATIVE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 182 of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2242) is amended by striking subsection (g) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(g) S
PECIAL RULES FOR FOREIGN COUNTRIES  
ON THE PRIORITY WATCH LIST.— 
‘‘(1) A CTION PLANS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which the Trade Representa-tive submits the National Trade Estimate under section 181(b), the Trade Representative shall develop an action plan described in subpara-graph (C) with respect to each foreign country described in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) F
OREIGN COUNTRY DESCRIBED .—The 
Trade Representative shall develop an action plan under subparagraph (A) with respect to each foreign country that— 
‘‘(i) the Trade Representative has identified 
for placement on the priority watch list; and 
‘‘(ii) has remained on such list for at least one 
year. 
‘‘(C) A
CTION PLAN DESCRIBED .—An action 
plan developed under subparagraph (A) shall contain the benchmarks described in subpara-graph (D) and be designed to assist the foreign country— 
‘‘(i) to achieve— ‘‘(I) adequate and effective protection of intel-
lectual property rights; and 
‘‘(II) fair and equitable market access for 
United States persons that rely upon intellec-tual property protection; or 
‘‘(ii) to make significant progress toward 
achieving the goals described in clause (i). 
‘‘(D) B
ENCHMARKS DESCRIBED .—The bench-
marks contained in an action plan developed pursuant to subparagraph (A) are such legisla-tive, institutional, enforcement, or other actions as the Trade Representative determines to be necessary for the foreign country to achieve the goals described in clause (i) or (ii) of subpara-graph (C). 
‘‘(2) F
AILURE TO MEET ACTION PLAN BENCH -
MARKS .—If, as of one year after the date on 
which an action plan is developed under para-graph (1)(A), the President, in consultation with the Trade Representative, determines that the foreign country to which the action plan applies has not substantially complied with the bench-marks described in paragraph (1)(D), the Presi-dent may take appropriate action with respect to the foreign country. 
‘‘(3) P
RIORITY WATCH LIST DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘priority watch list’ means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9123 December 9, 2015 
the priority watch list established by the Trade 
Representative pursuant to subsection (a). 
‘‘(h) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date on which the Trade Representa-tive submits the National Trade Estimate under section 181(b), the Trade Representative shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on actions taken under this section during the 12 months preceding such report, and the reasons for such actions, including— 
‘‘(1) a list of any foreign countries identified 
under subsection (a); 
‘‘(2) a description of progress made in achiev-
ing improved intellectual property protection and market access for persons relying on intel-lectual property rights; and 
‘‘(3) a description of the action plans devel-
oped under subsection (g) and any actions taken by foreign countries under such plans.’’. 
(2) F
UNDING .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Amounts from the Trade 
Enforcement Trust Fund established under sec-tion 611 may be expended by the United States Trade Representative, only as provided by ap-propriations Acts, to provide assistance to any developing country to which an action plan ap-plies under section 182(g) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended by paragraph (1), to facilitate the efforts of the developing country to comply with the benchmarks contained in the action plan. Such assistance may include capacity building, activities designed to increase aware-ness of intellectual property rights, and training for officials responsible for enforcing intellectual property rights in the developing country. 
(B) D
EVELOPING COUNTRY DEFINED .—In this 
paragraph, the term ‘‘developing country’’ means a country classified by the World Bank as having a low-income or lower-middle-income economy. 
(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection or the amendment made by this sub-section shall be construed as limiting the au-thority of the President or the United States Trade Representative to develop action plans other than action plans described in section 182(g) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended by paragraph (1), or to take any action otherwise authorized by law in response to the failure of a foreign country to provide adequate and effec-tive protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights. 
SEC. 611. TRADE ENFORCEMENT TRUST FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in 
the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be known as the Trade Enforcement Trust Fund (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Trust Fund’’), consisting of amounts transferred to the Trust Fund under subsection (b) and any amounts that may be credited to the Trust Fund under subsection (c). 
(b) T
RANSFER OF AMOUNTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall transfer to the Trust Fund, from the general fund of the Treasury, for each fiscal year that begins on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act through fiscal year 2026, an amount equal to $15,000,000 (or a lesser amount as required pursuant to paragraph (2)). 
(2) L
IMITATION .—The total amount in the 
Trust Fund at any time may not exceed $30,000,000. 
(3) F
REQUENCY OF TRANSFERS .—The Secretary 
shall transfer amounts required to be trans-ferred to the Trust Fund under paragraph (1) not less frequently than quarterly from the gen-eral fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund in a manner that ensures that the total amount in the Trust Fund at the end of the quarter does not exceed the limitation established under paragraph (2). 
(c) I
NVESTMENT OF AMOUNTS .— 
(1) I NVESTMENT OF AMOUNTS .—The Secretary 
shall invest such portion of the Trust Fund as is not required to meet current withdrawals in interest-bearing obligations of the United States 
or in obligations guaranteed as to both principal and interest by the United States. 
(2) I
NTEREST AND PROCEEDS .—The interest on, 
and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any obligations held in the Trust Fund shall be credited to and form a part of the Trust Fund. 
(d) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS FROM TRUST 
FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The United States Trade 
Representative shall, on the basis of the advice of the Trade Policy Committee and relevant sub-ordinate bodies of the TPC, use or transfer for the use by Federal agencies represented on the TPC amounts in the Trust Fund, only as pro-vided by appropriations Acts, for making ex-penditures for any of the following: 
(A) To seek to enforce the provisions of and 
commitments and obligations under the WTO Agreements and free trade agreements to which the United States is a party and resolve any ac-tions by foreign countries that are inconsistent with those provisions, commitments, and obliga-tions. 
(B) To monitor and ensure the full implemen-
tation by foreign countries of the provisions of 
and commitments and obligations under free trade agreements to which the United States is a party for purposes of systematically assessing, identifying, investigating, or initiating steps to address inconsistencies with those provisions, commitments, and obligations. 
(C) To thoroughly investigate and respond to 
petitions under section 302 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2412) requesting that action be taken under section 301 of such Act (19 U.S.C. 2411). 
(D) To support capacity-building efforts un-
dertaken by the United States pursuant to any free trade agreement to which the United States is a party and to prioritize and give special at-tention to the timely, consistent, and robust im-plementation of the commitments and obliga-tions of a party to that free trade agreement, in-cluding commitments and obligations related to trade in goods, trade in services, trade in agri-culture, foreign investment, intellectual prop-erty, digital trade in goods and services and cross-border data flows, regulatory practices, state-owned and state-controlled enterprises, lo-calization barriers to trade, labor and the envi-ronment, currency, foreign currency manipula-tion, anticorruption, trade remedy laws, textiles, and commercial partnerships. 
(E) To support capacity-building efforts un-
dertaken by the United States pursuant to any such free trade agreement and to include per-formance indicators against which the progress and obstacles for the implementation of commit-ments and obligations can be identified and as-sessed within a meaningful time frame. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Amounts made available in 
the Trust Fund may not be used to offset costs of conducting negotiations for any free trade agreement to be entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, but may be used to support implementation and capacity building prior to entry into force of a free trade agree-ment. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after 
the entry into force of any free trade agreement entered into after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Trade Representa-tive, in consultation with the Federal agencies represented on the TPC, shall submit to Con-gress a report on the actions taken under sub-section (d) in connection with that agreement. 
(f) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct a study that in-cludes the following: 
(A) A comprehensive analysis of the trade en-
forcement expenditures of each Federal agency with responsibilities relating to trade that speci-fies, with respect to each such Federal agency— 
(i) the amounts appropriated for trade en-
forcement; and 
(ii) the number of full-time employees carrying 
out activities relating to trade enforcement. (B) Recommendations on the additional em-
ployees and resources that each such Federal agency may need to effectively enforce the free trade agreements to which the United States is a party. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) T RADE POLICY COMMITTEE ; TPC.—The 
terms ‘‘Trade Policy Committee’’ and ‘‘TPC’’ mean the interagency organization established under section 242 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1872). 
(2) WTO.—The term ‘‘WTO’’ means the World 
Trade Organization. 
(3) WTO 
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘WTO Agree-
ment’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 2(9) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(9)). 
(4) WTO 
AGREEMENTS .—The term ‘‘WTO 
Agreements’’ means the WTO Agreement and agreements annexed to that Agreement. 
TITLE VII—ENGAGEMENT ON CURRENCY 
EXCHANGE RATE AND ECONOMIC POLI-CIES 
SEC. 701. ENHANCEMENT OF ENGAGEMENT ON 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE AND ECONOMIC POLICIES WITH CERTAIN MAJOR TRADING PARTNERS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) M AJOR TRADING PARTNER REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 180 days there-after, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the macroeconomic and currency exchange rate policies of each country that is a major trading partner of the United States. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall contain— 
(i) for each country that is a major trading 
partner of the United States— 
(I) that country’s bilateral trade balance with 
the United States; 
(II) that country’s current account balance as 
a percentage of its gross domestic product; 
(III) the change in that country’s current ac-
count balance as a percentage of its gross do-mestic product during the 3-year period pre-ceding the submission of the report; 
(IV) that country’s foreign exchange reserves 
as a percentage of its short-term debt; and 
(V) that country’s foreign exchange reserves 
as a percentage of its gross domestic product; and 
(ii) an enhanced analysis of macroeconomic 
and exchange rate policies for each country that is a major trading partner of the United States that has— 
(I) a significant bilateral trade surplus with 
the United States; 
(II) a material current account surplus; and (III) engaged in persistent one-sided interven-
tion in the foreign exchange market. 
(B) E
NHANCED ANALYSIS .—Each enhanced 
analysis under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall in-clude, for each country with respect to which an analysis is made under that subparagraph— 
(i) a description of developments in the cur-
rency markets of that country, including, to the greatest extent feasible, developments with re-spect to currency interventions; 
(ii) a description of trends in the real effective 
exchange rate of the currency of that country and in the degree of undervaluation of that cur-rency; 
(iii) an analysis of changes in the capital con-
trols and trade restrictions of that country; and 
(iv) patterns in the reserve accumulation of 
that country. 
(3) A
SSESSMENT FACTORS .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publicly describe the factors 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9124 December 9, 2015 
used to assess under paragraph (2)(A)(ii) wheth-
er a country has a significant bilateral trade surplus with the United States, has a material current account surplus, and has engaged in persistent one-sided intervention in the foreign 
exchange market. 
(b) E
NGAGEMENT ON EXCHANGE RATE AND ECO-
NOMIC POLICIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President, through the 
Secretary, shall commence enhanced bilateral engagement with each country for which an en-hanced analysis of macroeconomic and currency exchange rate policies is included in the report submitted under subsection (a), in order to, as appropriate— 
(A) urge implementation of policies to address 
the causes of the undervaluation of its cur-rency, its significant bilateral trade surplus with the United States, and its material current account surplus, including undervaluation and surpluses relating to exchange rate manage-ment; 
(B) express the concern of the United States 
with respect to the adverse trade and economic effects of that undervaluation and those sur-pluses; 
(C) advise that country of the ability of the 
President to take action under subsection (c); and/or 
(D) develop a plan with specific actions to ad-
dress that undervaluation and those surpluses. 
(2) W
AIVER .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirement under paragraph (1) to com-mence enhanced bilateral engagement with a country if the Secretary determines that com-mencing enhanced bilateral engagement with the country— 
(i) would have an adverse impact on the 
United States economy greater than the benefits of such action; or 
(ii) would cause serious harm to the national 
security of the United States. 
(B) C
ERTIFICATION AND REPORT .—The Sec-
retary shall promptly certify to Congress a de-termination under subparagraph (A) and promptly submit to Congress a report that de-scribes in detail the reasons for the Secretary’s determination under subparagraph (A). 
(c) R
EMEDIAL ACTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If, on or after the date that 
is one year after the commencement of enhanced bilateral engagement by the President, through the Secretary, with respect to a country under subsection (b)(1), the Secretary determines that the country has failed to adopt appropriate poli-cies to correct the undervaluation and surpluses described in subsection (b)(1)(A) with respect to that country, the President shall take one or more of the following actions: 
(A) Prohibit the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation from approving any new financing (including any insurance, reinsurance, or guar-antee) with respect to a project located in that country on and after such date. 
(B) Except as provided in paragraph (3), and 
pursuant to paragraph (4), prohibit the Federal Government from procuring, or entering into any contract for the procurement of, goods or services from that country on and after such date. 
(C) Instruct the United States Executive Di-
rector of the International Monetary Fund to call for additional rigorous surveillance of the macroeconomic and exchange rate policies of that country and, as appropriate, formal con-sultations on findings of currency manipula-tion. 
(D) Instruct the United States Trade Rep-
resentative to take into account, in consultation with the Secretary, in assessing whether to enter into a bilateral or regional trade agree-ment with that country or to initiate or partici-pate in negotiations with respect to a bilateral or regional trade agreement with that country, the extent to which that country has failed to adopt appropriate policies to correct the under-valuation and surpluses described in subsection (b)(1)(A). (2) W
AIVER .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The President may waive 
the requirement under paragraph (1) to take re-medial action if the President determines that taking remedial action under paragraph (1) would— 
(i) have an adverse impact on the United 
States economy greater than the benefits of tak-ing remedial action; or 
(ii) would cause serious harm to the national 
security of the United States. 
(B) C
ERTIFICATION AND REPORT .—The Presi-
dent shall promptly certify to Congress a deter-mination under subparagraph (A) and promptly submit to Congress a report that describes in de-tail the reasons for the President’s determina-tion under subparagraph (A). 
(3) E
XCEPTION .—The President may not apply 
a prohibition under paragraph (1)(B) in a man-ner that is inconsistent with United States obli-gations under international agreements. 
(4) C
ONSULTATIONS .— 
(A) O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET .— 
Before applying a prohibition under paragraph (1)(B), the President shall consult with the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget to determine whether such prohibition would subject the taxpayers of the United States to un-reasonable cost. 
(B) C
ONGRESS .—The President shall consult 
with the appropriate committees of Congress with respect to any action the President takes under paragraph (1)(B), including whether the President has consulted as required under sub-paragraph (A). 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— 
The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Financial Services and 
the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
OUNTRY .—The term ‘‘country’’ means a 
foreign country, dependent territory, or posses-sion of a foreign country, and may include an association of 2 or more foreign countries, de-pendent territories, or possessions of countries into a customs union outside the United States. 
(3) R
EAL EFFECTIVE EXCHANGE RATE .—The 
term ‘‘real effective exchange rate’’ means a weighted average of bilateral exchange rates, expressed in price-adjusted terms. 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of the Treasury. 
SEC. 702. ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INTER-
NATIONAL EXCHANGE RATE POLICY. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established an Advi-
sory Committee on International Exchange Rate Policy (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Com-mittee’’). 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Committee shall be respon-
sible for advising the Secretary of the Treasury with respect to the impact of international ex-change rates and financial policies on the econ-omy of the United States. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall be com-
posed of 9 members as follows, none of whom shall be employees of the Federal Government: 
(A) Three members shall be appointed by the 
President pro tempore of the Senate, upon the recommendation of the chairmen and ranking members of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate. 
(B) Three members shall be appointed by the 
Speaker of the House of Representatives, upon the recommendation of the chairmen and rank-ing members of the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
(C) Three members shall be appointed by the 
President. 
(2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Members shall be se-
lected under paragraph (1) on the basis of their objectivity and demonstrated expertise in fi-
nance, economics, or currency exchange. 
(3) T ERMS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Members shall be appointed 
for a term of 2 years or until the Committee ter-minates. 
(B) R
EAPPOINTMENT .—A member may be re-
appointed to the Committee for additional terms. 
(4) V ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-
mittee shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original ap-pointment. 
(c) D
URATION OF COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall termi-
nate on the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act unless renewed by the President for a subsequent 2-year period. 
(2) C
ONTINUED RENEWAL .—The President may 
continue to renew the Committee for successive 2-year periods by taking appropriate action to renew the Committee prior to the date on which the Committee would otherwise terminate. 
(d) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall hold not 
fewer than 2 meetings each calendar year. 
(e) C HAIRPERSON .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall elect 
from among its members a chairperson for a term of 2 years or until the Committee termi-nates. 
(2) R
EELECTION ; SUBSEQUENT TERMS .—A 
chairperson of the Committee may be reelected chairperson but is ineligible to serve consecutive terms as chairperson. 
(f) S
TAFF.—The Secretary of the Treasury 
shall make available to the Committee such staff, information, personnel, administrative services, and assistance as the Committee may reasonably require to carry out the activities of the Committee. 
(g) A
PPLICATION OF THE FEDERAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ACT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Meetings of the Committee 
shall be exempt from the requirements of sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 10 and section 11 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (relating to open meetings, public notice, public partici-pation, and public availability of documents), whenever and to the extent it is determined by the President or the Secretary of the Treasury that such meetings will be concerned with mat-ters the disclosure of which— 
(A) would seriously compromise the develop-
ment by the Government of the United States of monetary or financial policy; or 
(B) is likely to— (i) lead to significant financial speculation in 
currencies, securities, or commodities; or 
(ii) significantly endanger the stability of any 
financial institution. 
(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Treasury for each fiscal year in which the Committee is in effect $1,000,000 to carry out this section. 
TITLE VIII—MATTERS RELATING TO U.S. 
CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION 
Subtitle A—Establishment of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection 
SEC. 801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection Authorization Act’’. 
SEC. 802. ESTABLISHMENT OF U.S. CUSTOMS AND 
BORDER PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 411 of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 411. ESTABLISHMENT OF U.S. CUSTOMS 
AND BORDER PROTECTION; COMMIS-SIONER, DEPUTY COMMISSIONER, AND OPERATIONAL OFFICES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established in the 
Department an agency to be known as U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9125 December 9, 2015 
‘‘(b) C OMMISSIONER OF U.S. C USTOMS AND  
BORDER PROTECTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be at the head 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection a Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion (in this section referred to as the ‘Commis-sioner’). 
‘‘(2) C
OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—As an exercise of 
the rulemaking power of the Senate, any nomi-nation for the Commissioner submitted to the Senate for confirmation, and referred to a com-mittee, shall be referred to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—The Commissioner shall— 
‘‘(1) coordinate and integrate the security, 
trade facilitation, and trade enforcement func-tions of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(2) ensure the interdiction of persons and 
goods illegally entering or exiting the United States; 
‘‘(3) facilitate and expedite the flow of legiti-
mate travelers and trade; 
‘‘(4) direct and administer the commercial op-
erations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and the enforcement of the customs and trade laws of the United States; 
‘‘(5) detect, respond to, and interdict terror-
ists, drug smugglers and traffickers, human smugglers and traffickers, and other persons who may undermine the security of the United States, in cases in which such persons are enter-ing, or have recently entered, the United States; 
‘‘(6) safeguard the borders of the United 
States to protect against the entry of dangerous goods; 
‘‘(7) ensure the overall economic security of 
the United States is not diminished by efforts, activities, and programs aimed at securing the homeland; 
‘‘(8) in coordination with U.S. Immigration 
and Customs Enforcement and United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, enforce and administer all immigration laws, as such term is defined in paragraph (17) of section 101(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)), including— 
‘‘(A) the inspection, processing, and admission 
of persons who seek to enter or depart the United States; and 
‘‘(B) the detection, interdiction, removal, de-
parture from the United States, short-term de-tention, and transfer of persons unlawfully en-tering, or who have recently unlawfully entered, the United States; 
‘‘(9) develop and implement screening and tar-
geting capabilities, including the screening, re-viewing, identifying, and prioritizing of pas-sengers and cargo across all international modes of transportation, both inbound and outbound; 
‘‘(10) in coordination with the Secretary, de-
ploy technology to collect the data necessary for the Secretary to administer the biometric entry and exit data system pursuant to section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Preven-tion Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b); 
‘‘(11) enforce and administer the laws relating 
to agricultural import and entry inspection re-ferred to in section 421; 
‘‘(12) in coordination with the Under Sec-
retary for Management of the Department, en-sure U.S. Customs and Border Protection com-plies with Federal law, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, and the Department’s acquisition management directives for major acquisition programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion; 
‘‘(13) ensure that the policies and regulations 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection are con-sistent with the obligations of the United States pursuant to international agreements; 
‘‘(14) enforce and administer— ‘‘(A) the Container Security Initiative pro-
gram under section 205 of the Security and Ac-countability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 945); and 
‘‘(B) the Customs–Trade Partnership Against 
Terrorism program under subtitle B of title II of such Act (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.); ‘‘(15) conduct polygraph examinations in ac-
cordance with section 3(1) of the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–376; 124 Stat. 4105); 
‘‘(16) establish the standard operating proce-
dures described in subsection (k); 
‘‘(17) carry out the training required under 
subsection (l); and 
‘‘(18) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by law or delegated by the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) D
EPUTY COMMISSIONER .—There shall be 
in U.S. Customs and Border Protection a Dep-uty Commissioner who shall assist the Commis-sioner in the management of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
‘‘(e) U.S. B
ORDER PATROL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection the U.S. Border Patrol. 
‘‘(2) C
HIEF.—There shall be at the head of the 
U.S. Border Patrol a Chief, who shall— 
‘‘(A) be at the level of Executive Assistant 
Commissioner within U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and 
‘‘(B) report to the Commissioner. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The U.S. Border Patrol shall— 
‘‘(A) serve as the law enforcement office of 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection with pri-mary responsibility for interdicting persons at-tempting to illegally enter or exit the United States or goods being illegally imported into or exported from the United States at a place other than a designated port of entry; 
‘‘(B) deter and prevent the illegal entry of ter-
rorists, terrorist weapons, persons, and contra-band; and 
‘‘(C) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Commissioner. 
‘‘(f) A
IR AND MARINE OPERATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection an office known as Air and Marine Operations. 
‘‘(2) E
XECUTIVE ASSISTANT COMMISSIONER .— 
There shall be at the head of Air and Marine Operations an Executive Assistant Commis-sioner, who shall report to the Commissioner. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—Air and Marine Operations 
shall— 
‘‘(A) serve as the law enforcement office with-
in U.S. Customs and Border Protection with pri-mary responsibility to detect, interdict, and pre-vent acts of terrorism and the unlawful move-ment of people, illicit drugs, and other contra-band across the borders of the United States in the air and maritime environment; 
‘‘(B) conduct joint aviation and marine oper-
ations with U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement; 
‘‘(C) conduct aviation and marine operations 
with international, Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies, as appropriate; 
‘‘(D) administer the Air and Marine Oper-
ations Center established under paragraph (4); and 
‘‘(E) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Commissioner. 
‘‘(4) A
IR AND MARINE OPERATIONS CENTER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—There is established in Air 
and Marine Operations an Air and Marine Op-erations Center. 
‘‘(B) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—There shall be at 
the head of the Air and Marine Operations Cen-ter an Executive Director, who shall report to the Executive Assistant Commissioner of Air and Marine Operations. 
‘‘(C) D
UTIES .—The Air and Marine Oper-
ations Center shall— 
‘‘(i) manage the air and maritime domain 
awareness of the Department, as directed by the Secretary; 
‘‘(ii) monitor and coordinate the airspace for 
unmanned aerial systems operations of Air and Marine Operations in U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(iii) detect, identify, and coordinate a re-
sponse to threats to national security in the air domain, in coordination with other appropriate agencies, as determined by the Executive Assist-ant Commissioner; ‘‘(iv) provide aviation and marine support to 
other Federal, State, tribal, and local agencies; and 
‘‘(v) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Executive Assistant Commis-sioner. 
‘‘(g) O
FFICE OF FIELD OPERATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection an Office of Field Operations. 
‘‘(2) E
XECUTIVE ASSISTANT COMMISSIONER .— 
There shall be at the head of the Office of Field Operations an Executive Assistant Commis-sioner, who shall report to the Commissioner. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Field Operations 
shall coordinate the enforcement activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection at United States air, land, and sea ports of entry to— 
‘‘(A) deter and prevent terrorists and terrorist 
weapons from entering the United States at such ports of entry; 
‘‘(B) conduct inspections at such ports of 
entry to safeguard the United States from ter-rorism and illegal entry of persons; 
‘‘(C) prevent illicit drugs, agricultural pests, 
and contraband from entering the United States; 
‘‘(D) in coordination with the Commissioner, 
facilitate and expedite the flow of legitimate travelers and trade; 
‘‘(E) administer the National Targeting Center 
established under paragraph (4); 
‘‘(F) coordinate with the Executive Assistant 
Commissioner for the Office of Trade with re-spect to the trade facilitation and trade enforce-ment activities of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; and 
‘‘(G) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Commissioner. 
‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL TARGETING CENTER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—There is established in the 
Office of Field Operations a National Targeting Center. 
‘‘(B) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—There shall be at 
the head of the National Targeting Center an Executive Director, who shall report to the Ex-ecutive Assistant Commissioner of the Office of Field Operations. 
‘‘(C) D
UTIES .—The National Targeting Center 
shall— 
‘‘(i) serve as the primary forum for targeting 
operations within U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to collect and analyze traveler and cargo information in advance of arrival in the United States to identify and address security risks and strengthen trade enforcement; 
‘‘(ii) identify, review, and target travelers and 
cargo for examination; 
‘‘(iii) coordinate the examination of entry and 
exit of travelers and cargo; 
‘‘(iv) develop and conduct commercial risk as-
sessment targeting with respect to cargo des-tined for the United States; 
‘‘(v) coordinate with the Transportation Secu-
rity Administration, as appropriate; 
‘‘(vi) issue Trade Alerts pursuant to section 
111(b) of the Trade Facilitation and Trade En-forcement Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(vii) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Executive Assistant Commis-sioner. 
‘‘(5) A
NNUAL REPORT ON STAFFING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and annually thereafter, the Executive Assist-ant Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the staffing model for the Office of Field Operations, includ-ing information on how many supervisors, front-line U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers, and support personnel are assigned to each Field Office and port of entry. 
‘‘(B) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-
paragraph (A) shall, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, be submitted in unclassified form, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9126 December 9, 2015 
may be submitted in classified form, if the Exec-
utive Assistant Commissioner determines that such is appropriate and informs the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate of the reasoning for such. 
‘‘(h) O
FFICE OF INTELLIGENCE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection an Office of In-telligence. 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT COMMISSIONER .—There shall be 
at the head of the Office of Intelligence an As-sistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Commissioner. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Intelligence 
shall— 
‘‘(A) develop, provide, coordinate, and imple-
ment intelligence capabilities into a cohesive in-telligence enterprise to support the execution of the duties and responsibilities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(B) manage the counterintelligence oper-
ations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(C) establish, in coordination with the Chief 
Intelligence Officer of the Department, as ap-propriate, intelligence-sharing relationships with Federal, State, local, and tribal agencies and intelligence agencies; 
‘‘(D) conduct risk-based covert testing of U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection operations, in-cluding for nuclear and radiological risks; and 
‘‘(E) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Commissioner. 
‘‘(i) O
FFICE OF INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection an Office of International Affairs. 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT COMMISSIONER .—There shall be 
at the head of the Office of International Af-fairs an Assistant Commissioner, who shall re-port to the Commissioner. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of International Af-
fairs, in collaboration with the Office of Policy of the Department, shall— 
‘‘(A) coordinate and support U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection’s foreign initiatives, poli-cies, programs, and activities; 
‘‘(B) coordinate and support U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection’s personnel stationed abroad; 
‘‘(C) maintain partnerships and information- 
sharing agreements and arrangements with for-eign governments, international organizations, and United States agencies in support of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s duties and re-sponsibilities; 
‘‘(D) provide necessary capacity building, 
training, and assistance to foreign customs and border control agencies to strengthen border, global supply chain, and travel security, as ap-propriate; 
‘‘(E) coordinate mission support services to 
sustain U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s global activities; 
‘‘(F) coordinate with customs authorities of 
foreign countries with respect to trade facilita-tion and trade enforcement; 
‘‘(G) coordinate U.S. Customs and Border Pro-
tection’s engagement in international negotia-tions; 
‘‘(H) advise the Commissioner with respect to 
matters arising in the World Customs Organiza-tion and other international organizations as such matters relate to the policies and proce-dures of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(I) advise the Commissioner regarding inter-
national agreements to which the United States is a party as such agreements relate to the poli-cies and regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and 
‘‘(J) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Commissioner. 
‘‘(j) O
FFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSI -
BILITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection an Office of Professional Responsibility. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT COMMISSIONER .—There shall be 
at the head of the Office of Professional Re-sponsibility an Assistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Commissioner. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Professional Re-
sponsibility shall— 
‘‘(A) investigate criminal and administrative 
matters and misconduct by officers, agents, and other employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(B) manage integrity-related programs and 
policies of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(C) conduct research and analysis regarding 
misconduct of officers, agents, and other em-ployees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and 
‘‘(D) carry out other duties and powers pre-
scribed by the Commissioner. 
‘‘(k) S
TANDARD OPERATING PROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall es-
tablish— 
‘‘(A) standard operating procedures for 
searching, reviewing, retaining, and sharing in-formation contained in communication, elec-tronic, or digital devices encountered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel at United States ports of entry; 
‘‘(B) standard use of force procedures that of-
ficers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection may employ in the execution of their duties, including the use of deadly force; 
‘‘(C) uniform, standardized, and publicly- 
available procedures for processing and inves-tigating complaints against officers, agents, and employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion for violations of professional conduct, in-cluding the timely disposition of complaints and a written notification to the complainant of the status or outcome, as appropriate, of the related investigation, in accordance with section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Privacy Act’ or the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’); 
‘‘(D) an internal, uniform reporting mecha-
nism regarding incidents involving the use of deadly force by an officer or agent of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, including an eval-uation of the degree to which the procedures re-quired under subparagraph (B) were followed; and 
‘‘(E) standard operating procedures, acting 
through the Executive Assistant Commissioner for Air and Marine Operations and in coordina-tion with the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties and the Office of Privacy of the De-partment, to provide command, control, commu-nication, surveillance, and reconnaissance as-sistance through the use of unmanned aerial systems, including the establishment of— 
‘‘(i) a process for other Federal, State, and 
local law enforcement agencies to submit mis-sion requests; 
‘‘(ii) a formal procedure to determine whether 
to approve or deny such a mission request; 
‘‘(iii) a formal procedure to determine how 
such mission requests are prioritized and coordi-nated; and 
‘‘(iv) a process regarding the protection and 
privacy of data and images collected by U.S. Customs and Border Protection through the use of unmanned aerial systems. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS REGARDING CERTAIN NOTI -
FICATIONS .—The standard operating procedures 
established pursuant to subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) shall require— 
‘‘(A) in the case of a search of information 
conducted on an electronic device by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection personnel, the Com-missioner to notify the individual subject to such search of the purpose and authority for such search, and how such individual may ob-tain information on reporting concerns about such search; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of information collected by 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection through a search of an electronic device, if such informa-tion is transmitted to another Federal agency for subject matter assistance, translation, or decryption, the Commissioner to notify the indi-
vidual subject to such search of such trans-mission. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Commissioner may 
withhold the notifications required under para-graphs (1)(C) and (2) if the Commissioner deter-mines, in the sole and unreviewable discretion of the Commissioner, that such notifications would impair national security, law enforcement, or other operational interests. 
‘‘(4) U
PDATE AND REVIEW .—The Commissioner 
shall review and update every three years the standard operating procedures required under this subsection. 
‘‘(5) A
UDITS .—The Inspector General of the 
Department of Homeland Security shall develop and annually administer, during each of the three calendar years beginning in the calendar year that begins after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015, an auditing mechanism to re-view whether searches of electronic devices at or between United States ports of entry are being conducted in conformity with the standard op-erating procedures required under subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1). Such audits shall be sub-mitted to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and shall include the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) A description of the activities of officers 
and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion with respect to such searches. 
‘‘(B) The number of such searches. ‘‘(C) The number of instances in which infor-
mation contained in such devices that were sub-jected to such searches was retained, copied, shared, or entered in an electronic database. 
‘‘(D) The number of such devices detained as 
the result of such searches. 
‘‘(E) The number of instances in which infor-
mation collected from such devices was sub-jected to such searches and was transmitted to another Federal agency, including whether such transmissions resulted in a prosecution or con-viction. 
‘‘(6) R
EQUIREMENTS REGARDING OTHER NOTIFI -
CATIONS .—The standard use of force procedures 
established pursuant to subparagraph (B) of paragraph (1) shall require— 
‘‘(A) in the case of an incident of the use of 
deadly force by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection personnel, the Commissioner to notify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Commissioner to provide to such com-
mittees a copy of the evaluation pursuant to subparagraph (D) of such paragraph not later than 30 days after completion of such evalua-tion. 
‘‘(7) R
EPORT ON UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS .— 
The Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate an annual report, for each of the three cal-endar years beginning in the calendar year that begins after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, that reviews whether the use of un-manned aerial systems is being conducted in conformity with the standard operating proce-dures required under subparagraph (E) of para-graph (1). Such reports— 
‘‘(A) shall be submitted with the annual budg-
et of the United States Government submitted by the President under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code; 
‘‘(B) may be submitted in classified form if the 
Commissioner determines that such is appro-priate; and 
‘‘(C) shall include— ‘‘(i) a detailed description of how, where, and 
for how long data and images collected through the use of unmanned aerial systems by U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9127 December 9, 2015 
Customs and Border Protection are collected 
and stored; and 
‘‘(ii) a list of Federal, State, and local law en-
forcement agencies that submitted mission re-quests in the previous year and the disposition of such requests. 
‘‘(l) T
RAINING .—The Commissioner shall re-
quire all officers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to participate in a speci-fied amount of continuing education (to be de-termined by the Commissioner) to maintain an understanding of Federal legal rulings, court decisions, and departmental policies, proce-dures, and guidelines. 
‘‘(m) S
HORT -TERM DETENTION STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) A CCESS TO FOOD AND WATER .—The Com-
missioner shall make every effort to ensure that adequate access to food and water is provided to an individual apprehended and detained at a United States port of entry or between ports of entry as soon as practicable following the time of such apprehension or during subsequent short-term detention. 
‘‘(2) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION ON DETAINEE  
RIGHTS AT BORDER PATROL PROCESSING CEN -
TERS.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall 
ensure that an individual apprehended by a U.S. Border Patrol agent or an Office of Field Operations officer is provided with information concerning such individual’s rights, including the right to contact a representative of such in-dividual’s government for purposes of United States treaty obligations. 
‘‘(B) F
ORM.—The information referred to in 
subparagraph (A) may be provided either ver-bally or in writing, and shall be posted in the detention holding cell in which such individual is being held. The information shall be provided in a language understandable to such indi-vidual. 
‘‘(3) S
HORT -TERM DETENTION DEFINED .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘short-term detention’ means detention in a U.S. Customs and Border Protection processing center for 72 hours or less, before repatriation to a country of nationality or last habitual residence. 
‘‘(4) D
AYTIME REPATRIATION .—When prac-
ticable, repatriations shall be limited to daylight hours and avoid locations that are determined to have high indices of crime and violence. 
‘‘(5) R
EPORT ON PROCUREMENT PROCESS AND  
STANDARDS .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the procurement process and standards of entities with which U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection has contracts for the transportation and detention of individuals apprehended by agents or officers of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. Such report should also consider the operational efficiency of con-tracting the transportation and detention of such individuals. 
‘‘(6) R
EPORT ON INSPECTIONS OF SHORT -TERM  
CUSTODY FACILITIES .—The Commissioner shall— 
‘‘(A) annually inspect all facilities utilized for 
short-term detention; and 
‘‘(B) make publicly available information col-
lected pursuant to such inspections, including information regarding the requirements under paragraphs (1) and (2) and, where appropriate, issue recommendations to improve the conditions of such facilities. 
‘‘(n) W
AITTIMES TRANSPARENCY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall— 
‘‘(A) publish live wait times for travelers en-
tering the United States at the 20 United States airports that support the highest volume of international travel (as determined by available Federal flight data); 
‘‘(B) make information about such wait times 
available to the public in real time through the U.S. Customs and Border Protection website; ‘‘(C) submit to the Committee on Homeland 
Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, for each of the five calendar years be-ginning in the calendar year that begins after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, a re-port that includes compilations of all such wait times and a ranking of such United States air-ports by wait times; and 
‘‘(D) provide adequate staffing at the U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection information cen-ter to ensure timely access for travelers attempt-ing to submit comments or speak with a rep-resentative about their entry experiences. 
‘‘(2) C
ALCULATION .—The wait times referred to 
in paragraph (1)(A) shall be determined by cal-culating the time elapsed between an individ-ual’s entry into the U.S. Customs and Border Protection inspection area and such individual’s clearance by a U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion officer. 
‘‘(o) O
THER AUTHORITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may estab-
lish such other offices or positions of Assistant Commissioners (or other similar officers or offi-cials) as the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the missions, duties, functions, and authorities of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary exercises 
the authority provided under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Home-land Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate not later than 30 days before exer-cising such authority. 
‘‘(p) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—The Commis-
sioner shall, on and after the date of the enact-ment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade En-forcement Act of 2015, continue to submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate any report required, on the day before such date of enact-ment, to be submitted under any provision of law. 
‘‘(q) O
THER FEDERAL AGENCIES .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed as affecting in any manner the authority, existing on the day before the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, of any other Federal agency or component of the Department. 
‘‘(r) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘commercial operations’, ‘customs and trade laws of the United States’, ‘trade enforcement’, and ‘trade facilitation’ have the meanings given such terms in section 2 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015.’’. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULES.— 
(1) T REATMENT .—Section 411 of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a) of this section, shall be treated as if included in such Act as of the date of the enactment of such Act, and, in addition to the functions, mis-sions, duties, and authorities specified in such amended section 411, U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall continue to perform and carry out the functions, missions, duties, and authori-ties under section 411 of such Act as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, and section 415 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002. 
(2) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
(A) R ULES AND REGULATIONS .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (1), nothing in this title or any amendment made by this title may be con-strued as affecting in any manner any rule or regulation issued or promulgated pursuant to any provision of law, including section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 as in exist-ence on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, and any such rule or regula-tion shall continue to have full force and effect on and after such date. 
(B) O
THER ACTIONS .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1), nothing in this Act may be construed as affecting in any manner any action, deter-mination, policy, or decision pursuant to section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 as in existence on the day before the date of the en-
actment of this Act, and any such action, deter-mination, policy, or decision shall continue to have full force and effect on and after such date. 
(c) C
ONTINUATION IN OFFICE .— 
(1) C OMMISSIONER .—The individual serving as 
the Commissioner of Customs on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act may serve as the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection on and after such date of enact-ment until a Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection is appointed under section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amend-ed by subsection (a) of this section. 
(2) O
THER POSITIONS .—The individual serving 
as Deputy Commissioner, and the individuals serving as Assistant Commissioners and other officers and officials, under section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act may serve as the Executive Assistant Commissioners, Dep-uty Commissioner, Assistant Commissioners, and other officers and officials, as appropriate, under such section 411 as amended by sub-section (a) of this section unless the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection determines that another individual should hold such position or positions. 
(d) R
EFERENCE .— 
(1) T ITLE 5 .—Section 5314 of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Commis-sioner of Customs, Department of Homeland Se-curity’’ and inserting ‘‘Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security’’. 
(2) O
THER REFERENCES .—On and after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, any reference in law or regulations to the ‘‘Commissioner of Customs’’ or the ‘‘Commissioner of the Customs Service’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. 
(e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by striking the item relating to section 411 and in-serting the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 411. Establishment of U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection; Commissioner, Deputy Commissioner, and oper-ational offices.’’. 
(f) R
EPEALS .—Sections 416 and 418 of the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 216 and 218), and the items relating to such sections in the table of contents in section 1(b) of such Act, are repealed. 
(g) C
LERICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— 
(A) in title I— (i) in section 102(f)(10) (6 U.S.C. 112(f)(10)), by 
striking ‘‘the Directorate of Border and Trans-portation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
(ii) in section 103(a)(1) (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1))— (I) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘An 
Under Secretary for Border and Transportation Security.’’ and inserting ‘‘A Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection.’’; and 
(II) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘A Di-
rector of the Office of Counternarcotics Enforce-ment.’’ and inserting ‘‘A Director of U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement.’’; and 
(B) in title IV— (i) by striking the title heading and inserting 
‘‘BORDER, MARITIME, AND TRANSPOR-
TATION SECURITY ’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9128 December 9, 2015 
(ii) in subtitle A— 
(I) by striking the subtitle heading and insert-
ing ‘‘ Border, Maritime, and Transportation 
Security Responsibilities and Functions ’’; and 
(II) in section 402 (6 U.S.C. 202)— (aa) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
RE-
SPONSIBILITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ BORDER , MARI -
TIME , AND TRANSPORTATION RESPONSIBILITIES ’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘, acting through the Under 
Secretary for Border and Transportation Secu-rity,’’; 
(iii) in subtitle B— (I) by striking the subtitle heading and insert-
ing ‘‘ U.S. Customs and Border Protection ’’; 
(II) in section 412(b) (6 U.S.C. 212), by striking 
‘‘the United States Customs Service’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
(III) in section 413 (6 U.S.C. 213), by striking 
‘‘available to the United States Customs Service or’’; 
(IV) in section 414 (6 U.S.C. 214), by striking 
‘‘the United States Customs Service’’ and insert-ing ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
(V) in section 415 (6 U.S.C. 215)— (aa) in paragraph (7), by inserting before the 
colon the following: ‘‘, and of U.S. Customs and Border Protection on the day before the effective date of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Authorization Act’’; and 
(bb) in paragraph (8), by inserting before the 
colon the following: ‘‘, and of U.S. Customs and Border Protection on the day before the effective date of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Authorization Act’’; 
(iv) in subtitle C— (I) by striking section 424 (6 U.S.C. 234) and 
inserting the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 424. PRESERVATION OF TRANSPORTATION 
SECURITY ADMINISTRATION AS A DISTINCT ENTITY. 
‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Act, the Transportation Security Administration shall be maintained as a distinct entity within the Department.’’; and 
(II) in section 430 (6 U.S.C. 238)— (aa) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in 
the Department an Office for Domestic Pre-paredness.’’; 
(bb) in subsection (b), by striking the second 
sentence; and 
(cc) in subsection (c)(7), by striking ‘‘Direc-
torate’’ and inserting ‘‘Department’’; and 
(v) in subtitle D— (I) in section 441 (6 U.S.C. 251)— (aa) by striking the section heading and in-
serting ‘‘
TRANSFER OF FUNCTIONS ’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Border 
and Transportation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; 
(II) in section 443 (6 U.S.C. 253)— (aa) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Border and Transportation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘the Bureau of Border Secu-
rity’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement’’ each place it appears; and 
(III) by amending section 444 (6 U.S.C. 254) to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 444. EMPLOYEE DISCIPLINE. 
‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, 
the Secretary may impose disciplinary action on any employee of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection who willfully deceives Congress or agen-cy leadership on any matter.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 401 of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 201) is repealed. 
(3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of con-
tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— 
(A) by striking the item relating to title IV 
and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE IV—BORDER, MARITIME, AND 
TRANSPORTATION SECURITY’’; 
(B) by striking the item relating to subtitle A 
of title IV and inserting the following: 
‘‘Subtitle A—Border, Maritime, and Transpor-
tation Security Responsibilities and Func-tions’’; 
(C) by striking the item relating to section 401; 
(D) by striking the item relating to subtitle B 
of title IV and inserting the following: 
‘‘Subtitle B—U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection’’; 
(E) by striking the item relating to section 441 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 441. Transfer of functions.’’; and 
(F) by striking the item relating to section 442 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 442. U.S. Immigration and Customs En-
forcement.’’. 
(h) O
FFICE OF TRADE .— 
(1) T RADE OFFICES AND FUNCTIONS .—The Act 
of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2071 et seq.), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4. OFFICE OF TRADE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established in 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection an Office of Trade. 
‘‘(b) E
XECUTIVE ASSISTANT COMMISSIONER .— 
There shall be at the head of the Office of Trade an Executive Assistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—The Office of Trade shall— 
‘‘(1) direct the development and implementa-
tion, pursuant to the customs and trade laws of the United States, of policies and regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; 
‘‘(2) advise the Commissioner of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection with respect to the im-pact on trade facilitation and trade enforcement of any policy or regulation otherwise proposed or administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(3) coordinate with the Executive Assistant 
Commissioner for the Office of Field Operations with respect to the trade facilitation and trade enforcement activities of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection; 
‘‘(4) direct the development and implementa-
tion of matters relating to the priority trade issues identified by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in the joint stra-tegic plan for trade facilitation and trade en-forcement required under section 105 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015; 
‘‘(5) otherwise advise the Commissioner of 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection with re-spect to the development and implementation of the joint strategic plan; 
‘‘(6) direct the trade enforcement activities of 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(7) oversee the trade modernization activities 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, includ-ing the development and implementation of the Automated Commercial Environment computer system authorized under section 13031(f)(4) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget and Rec-onciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(4)) and support for the establishment of the Inter-national Trade Data System under the oversight of the Department of the Treasury pursuant to section 411(d) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1411(d)); 
‘‘(8) direct the administration of customs rev-
enue functions as otherwise provided by law or delegated by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and 
‘‘(9) prepare an annual report to be submitted 
to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives not later than June 1, 2016, and March 1 of each calendar year thereafter that includes— ‘‘(A) a summary of the changes to customs 
policies and regulations adopted by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection during the pre-ceding calendar year; and 
‘‘(B) a description of the public vetting and 
interagency consultation that occurred with re-spect to each such change. 
‘‘(d) T
RANSFER OF ASSETS , FUNCTIONS , PER-
SONNEL , ORLIABILITIES ; ELIMINATION OF OF-
FICES .— 
‘‘(1) O FFICE OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE .— 
‘‘(A) T RANSFER .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection shall transfer the assets, functions, per-sonnel, and liabilities of the Office of Inter-national Trade to the Office of Trade estab-lished under subsection (b). 
‘‘(B) E
LIMINATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Office of International Trade shall be abol-ished. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION ON FUNDS .—No funds appro-
priated to U.S. Customs and Border Protection or the Department of Homeland Security may be used to transfer the assets, functions, personnel, or liabilities of the Office of International Trade to an office other than the Office of Trade es-tablished under subsection (a), unless the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion notifies the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate of the specific assets, functions, personnel, or liabilities to be transferred, and the reason for the transfer, not less than 90 days prior to the transfer of such assets, functions, personnel, or liabilities. 
‘‘(D) O
FFICE OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE DE -
FINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘Office of 
International Trade’ means the Office of Inter-national Trade established by section 2 of this Act and as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) O
THER TRANSFERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection is authorized to transfer any other assets, functions, or per-sonnel within U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to the Office of Trade established under subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not less 
than 90 days prior to the transfer of assets, functions, personnel, or liabilities under sub-paragraph (A), the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate of the spe-cific assets, functions, personnel, or liabilities to be transferred, and the reason for such transfer. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘customs and trade laws of the United States’, ‘trade enforcement’, and ‘trade facilitation’ have the meanings given such terms in section 2 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015.’’. 
(2) C
ONTINUATION IN OFFICE .—The individual 
serving as the Assistant Commissioner of the Of-fice of International Trade on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act may serve as the Executive Assistant Commissioner of Trade on and after such date of enactment, at the discretion of the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2 of 
the Act of March 3, 1927 (44. Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072), as added by section 402 of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–347; 120 Stat. 1924), is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9129 December 9, 2015 
(A) by striking subsection (d); and 
(B) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively. 
(i) R EPORTS AND ASSESSMENTS .— 
(1) R EPORT ON BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION INI -
TIATIVE .—Not later than 90 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for the next five years, the Commis-sioner shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Business Transformation Initiative, including locations where the Initiative is de-
ployed, the types of equipment utilized, a de-scription of protocols and procedures, informa-tion on wait times at such locations since de-ployment, and information regarding the sched-ule for deployment at new locations. 
(2) P
ORT OF ENTRY INFRASTRUCTURE NEEDS AS -
SESSMENTS .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Commis-sioner shall assess the physical infrastructure and technology needs at the 20 busiest land ports of entry (as measured by U.S. Customs and Border Protection) with a particular atten-tion to identify ways to— 
(A) improve travel and trade facilitation; (B) reduce wait times; (C) improve physical infrastructure and con-
ditions for individuals accessing pedestrian ports of entry; 
(D) enter into long-term leases with non-
governmental and private sector entities; 
(E) enter into lease-purchase agreements with 
nongovernmental and private sector entities; and 
(F) achieve cost savings through leases de-
scribed in subparagraphs (D) and (E). 
(3) P
ERSONAL SEARCHES .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for the next three years, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on supervisor-approved personal searches conducted in the previous year by U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel. Such report shall include the number of personal searches conducted in each sector and field of-fice, the number of invasive personal searches conducted in each sector and field office, whether personal searches were conducted by Office of Field Operations or U.S. Border Patrol personnel, and how many personal searches re-sulted in the discovery of contraband. 
(j) T
RUSTED TRAVELER PROGRAMS .—The Sec-
retary of Homeland Security may not enter into or renew an agreement with the government of a foreign country for a trusted traveler program administered by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection unless the Secretary certifies in writing that such government— 
(1) routinely submits to INTERPOL for inclu-
sion in INTERPOL’s Stolen and Lost Travel Documents database information about lost and stolen passports and travel documents of the citizens and nationals of such country; or 
(2) makes available to the United States Gov-
ernment the information described in paragraph (1) through another means of reporting. 
(k) A
GRICULTURAL SPECIALIST CAREER  
TRACK .—Not later than one year after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Represent-atives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a plan to create an agri-cultural specialist career track within U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. Such plan shall in-clude the following: 
(1) A description of education, training, expe-
rience, and assignments necessary for career progression as an agricultural specialist. (2) Recruitment and retention goals for agri-
cultural specialists, including a timeline for ful-filling staffing deficits identified in agricultural resource allocation models. 
(3) An assessment of equipment and other re-
sources needed to support agricultural special-ists. 
(4) Any other factors the Commissioner deter-
mines appropriate. 
(l) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE FOR-
EIGN LANGUAGE AWARD PROGRAM .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(A) Congress established the Foreign Lan-
guage Award Program (FLAP) to incentivize employees at United States ports of entry to uti-lize their foreign language skills on the job by providing a financial incentive for the use of the foreign language for at least ten percent of their duties after passage of competency tests. FLAP incentivizes the use of more than two dozen lan-guages and has been instrumental in identifying and utilizing U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion officers and agents who are proficient in a foreign language. 
(B) In 1993, Congress provided for dedicated 
funding for this program by stipulating that cer-tain fees collected by U.S. Customs and Border Protection be used to fund FLAP. 
(C) Through FLAP, foreign travelers are 
aided by having an officer at a port of entry who speaks their language, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection benefits by being able to focus its border security efforts in a more effec-tive manner. 
(2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that FLAP incentivizes U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers to attain and 
maintain competency in a foreign language, thereby improving the efficiency of operations for the functioning of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s security mission, making the United States a more welcoming place when foreign travelers find officers can communicate in their language, and helping to expedite traveler proc-essing to reduce wait times. 
Subtitle B—Preclearance Operations 
SEC. 811. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the 
‘‘Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 812. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Fi-nance, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security, the 
Committee on Ways and Means, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 813. ESTABLISHMENT OF PRECLEARANCE 
OPERATIONS. 
Pursuant to section 629 of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1629) and section 103(a)(7) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1103(a)(7)), and provided that an aviation secu-rity preclearance agreement (as defined in sec-tion 44901(d)(4)(B) of title 49, United States Code) is in effect, the Secretary may establish and maintain U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion preclearance operations in a foreign coun-try— 
(1) to prevent terrorists, instruments of ter-
rorism, and other security threats from entering the United States; 
(2) to prevent inadmissible persons from enter-
ing the United States; 
(3) to ensure that merchandise destined for 
the United States complies with applicable laws; 
(4) to ensure the prompt processing of persons 
eligible to travel to the United States; and 
(5) to accomplish such other objectives as the 
Secretary determines are necessary to protect the United States. SEC. 814. NOTIFICATION AND CERTIFICATION TO 
CONGRESS. 
(a) I NITIAL NOTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 
days before an agreement with the government of a foreign country to establish U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance operations in such foreign country enters into force, the Secretary shall provide the appropriate congres-sional committees with— 
(1) a copy of the agreement to establish such 
preclearance operations, which shall include— 
(A) the identification of the foreign country 
with which U.S. Customs and Border Protection intends to enter into a preclearance agreement; 
(B) the location at which such preclearance 
operations will be conducted; and 
(C) the terms and conditions for U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection personnel operating at the location; 
(2) an assessment of the impact such 
preclearance operations will have on legitimate trade and travel, including potential impacts on passengers traveling to the United States; 
(3) an assessment of the impacts such 
preclearance operations will have on U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection domestic port of entry staffing; 
(4) country-specific information on the antici-
pated homeland security benefits associated with establishing such preclearance operations; 
(5) information on potential security 
vulnerabilities associated with commencing such preclearance operations and mitigation plans to address such potential security vulnerabilities; 
(6) a U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
staffing model for such preclearance operations and plans for how such positions would be filled; and 
(7) information on the anticipated costs over 
the 5 fiscal years after the agreement enters into force associated with commencing such preclearance operations. 
(b) F
URTHER NOTIFICATION RELATING TO  
PRECLEARANCE OPERATIONS ESTABLISHED AT  
AIRPORTS .—Not later than 45 days before an 
agreement with the government of a foreign country to establish U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance operations at an airport in such country enters into force, the Secretary, in addition to complying with the notification requirements under subsection (a), shall provide the appropriate congressional committees with— 
(1) an estimate of the date on which U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection intends to establish preclearance operations under such agreement, including any pending caveats that must be re-solved before preclearance operations are ap-proved; 
(2) the anticipated funding sources for 
preclearance operations under such agreement, and other funding sources considered; 
(3) a homeland security threat assessment for 
the country in which such preclearance oper-ations are to be established; 
(4) information on potential economic, com-
petitive, and job impacts on United States air carriers associated with establishing such 
preclearance operations; 
(5) details on information sharing mechanisms 
to ensure that U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion has current information to prevent terrorist and criminal travel; and 
(6) other factors that the Secretary determines 
to be necessary for Congress to comprehensively assess the appropriateness of commencing such preclearance operations. 
(c) C
ERTIFICATIONS RELATING TO  
PRECLEARANCE OPERATIONS ESTABLISHED AT  
AIRPORTS .—Not later than 60 days before an 
agreement with the government of a foreign country to establish U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance operations at an airport in such country enters into force, the Secretary, in addition to complying with the notification requirements under subsections (a) and (b), shall provide the appropriate congressional com-mittees with— 
(1) a certification that preclearance operations 
under such preclearance agreement, after con-sidering alternative options, would provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9130 December 9, 2015 
homeland security benefits to the United States 
through the most effective means possible; 
(2) a certification that preclearance operations 
within such foreign country will be established under such agreement only if— 
(A) at least one United States passenger car-
rier operates at such airport; and 
(B) any United States passenger carriers oper-
ating at such airport and desiring to participate in preclearance operations are provided access that is comparable to that of any non-United States passenger carrier operating at that air-port; 
(3) a certification that the establishment of 
preclearance operations in such foreign country will not significantly increase customs proc-essing times at United States airports; 
(4) a certification that representatives from 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection consulted with stakeholders, including providers of com-mercial air service in the United States, employ-ees of such providers, security experts, and such other parties as the Secretary determines to be appropriate; and 
(5) a report detailing the basis for the certifi-
cations referred to in paragraphs (1) through (4). 
(d) A
MENDMENT OF EXISTING AGREEMENTS .— 
Not later than 30 days before a substantially amended preclearance agreement with the gov-ernment of a foreign country in effect as of the date of the enactment of this Act enters into force, the Secretary shall provide to the appro-priate congressional committees— 
(1) a copy of the agreement, as amended; and (2) the justification for such amendment. (e) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall re-
port to the appropriate congressional commit-tees, on a quarterly basis— 
(A) the number of U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection officers, by port, assigned from do-mestic ports of entry to preclearance operations; and 
(B) the number of the positions at domestic 
ports of entry vacated by U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection officers described in subpara-graph (A) that have been filled by other hired, trained, and equipped U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers. 
(2) S
UBMISSION .—If the Commissioner has not 
filled the positions of U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers that were reassigned to preclearance operations and determines that U.S. Customs and Border Protection processing times at domestic ports of entry from which U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers were re-assigned to preclearance operations have signifi-cantly increased, the Commissioner, not later than 60 days after making such a determina-tion, shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees an implementation plan for reducing processing times at the domestic ports of entry with such increased processing times. 
(3) S
USPENSION .—If the Commissioner does not 
submit the implementation plan described in paragraph (2) to the appropriate congressional committees before the deadline set forth in such paragraph, the Commissioner may not com-mence preclearance operations at an additional port of entry in any country until such imple-mentation plan is submitted. 
(f) C
LASSIFIED REPORT .—The report required 
under subsection (c)(5) may be submitted in classified form if the Secretary determines that such form is appropriate. 
SEC. 815. PROTOCOLS. 
Section 44901(d)(4) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as sub-
paragraph (D); and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) R ESCREENING REQUIREMENT .—If the Ad-
ministrator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration determines that the government of a foreign country has not maintained security standards and protocols comparable to those of 
the United States at airports at which preclearance operations have been established in accordance with this paragraph, the Admin-istrator shall ensure that Transportation Secu-rity Administration personnel rescreen pas-sengers arriving from such airports and their property in the United States before such pas-sengers are permitted into sterile areas of air-ports in the United States.’’. 
SEC. 816. LOST AND STOLEN PASSPORTS. 
The Secretary may not enter into an agree-
ment with the government of a foreign country to establish or maintain U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection preclearance operations at an airport in such country unless the Secretary cer-tifies to the appropriate congressional commit-tees that such government— 
(1) routinely submits information about lost 
and stolen passports of its citizens and nation-als to INTERPOL’s Stolen and Lost Travel Doc-ument database; or 
(2) makes such information available to the 
United States Government through another com-parable means of reporting. 
SEC. 817. RECOVERY OF INITIAL U.S. CUSTOMS 
AND BORDER PROTECTION PRECLEARANCE OPERATIONS COSTS. 
(a) C OSTSHARING AGREEMENTS WITHREL-
EVANT AIRPORT AUTHORITIES .—The Commis-
sioner may enter into a cost sharing agreement with airport authorities in foreign countries at which preclearance operations are to be estab-lished or maintained if— 
(1) an executive agreement to establish or 
maintain such preclearance operations pursuant to the authorities under section 629 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1629) and section 103(a)(7) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1103(a)(7)) has been signed, but has not yet entered into force; and 
(2) U.S. Customs and Border Protection has 
incurred, or expects to incur, initial preclearance operations costs in order to estab-lish or maintain preclearance operations under the agreement described in paragraph (1). 
(b) C
ONTENTS OF COST SHARING AGREE-
MENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
13031(e) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(e)) and section 286(g) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(g)), any cost sharing agreement with an airport authority authorized under subsection (a) may provide for the airport authority’s payment to U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection of its initial preclearance oper-ations costs. 
(2) T
IMING OF PAYMENTS .—The airport 
authority’s payment to U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection for its initial preclearance oper-ations costs may be made in advance of the in-currence of the costs or on a reimbursable basis. 
(c) A
CCOUNT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—All amounts collected pursu-
ant to any cost sharing agreement authorized under subsection (a)— 
(A) shall be credited as offsetting collections 
to the currently applicable appropriation, ac-count, or fund of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; 
(B) shall remain available, until expended, for 
the purposes for which such appropriation, ac-count, or fund is authorized to be used; and 
(C) may be collected and shall be available 
only to the extent provided in appropriations Acts. 
(2) R
ETURN OF UNUSED FUNDS .—Any advances 
or reimbursements not used by U.S. Customs and Border Protection may be returned to the relevant airport authority. 
(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection may be construed to preclude the use of appropriated funds from sources other than the payments collected under this subtitle to pay initial preclearance operation costs. 
(d) D
EFINED TERM.— (1) I N GENERAL .—In this section, the term 
‘‘initial preclearance operations costs’’ means the costs incurred, or expected to be incurred, by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to establish or maintain preclearance operations at an air-port in a foreign country, including costs relat-ing to— 
(A) hiring, training, and equipping new U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection officers who will be stationed at United States domestic ports of entry or other U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion facilities to backfill U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection officers to be stationed at an air-port in a foreign country to conduct preclearance operations; and 
(B) visits to the airport authority conducted 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection per-sonnel necessary to prepare for the establish-ment or maintenance of preclearance operations at such airport, including the compensation, travel expenses, and allowances payable to such personnel attributable to such visits. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The costs described in para-
graph (1)(A) shall not include the salaries and benefits of new U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection officers once such officers are perma-nently stationed at a domestic United States port of entry or other domestic U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility after being hired, trained, and equipped. 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Except as other-
wise provided in this section, nothing in this section may be construed as affecting the re-sponsibilities, duties, or authorities of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. 
SEC. 818. COLLECTION AND DISPOSITION OF 
FUNDS COLLECTED FOR IMMIGRA-TION INSPECTION SERVICES AND PRECLEARANCE ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I MMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT.—Sec-
tion 286(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(i)) is amended by striking the last sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘Re-imbursements under this subsection may be col-lected in advance of the provision of such immi-gration inspection services. Notwithstanding subsection (h)(1)(B), and only to the extent pro-vided in appropriations Acts, any amounts col-lected under this subsection shall be credited as offsetting collections to the currently applicable appropriation, account, or fund of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, remain available until expended, and be available for the purposes for which such appropriation, account, or fund is authorized to be used.’’. 
(b) F
ARM SECURITY AND RURAL INVESTMENT  
ACT OF 2002.—Section 10412(b) of the Farm Se-
curity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8311(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) F
UNDS COLLECTED FOR PRECLEARANCE .— 
Funds collected for preclearance activities— 
‘‘(1) may be collected in advance of the provi-
sion of such activities; 
‘‘(2) shall be credited as offsetting collections 
to the currently applicable appropriation, ac-count, or fund of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; 
‘‘(3) shall remain available until expended; ‘‘(4) shall be available for the purposes for 
which such appropriation, account, or fund is authorized to be used; and 
‘‘(5) may be collected and shall be available 
only to the extent provided in appropriations Acts.’’. 
SEC. 819. APPLICATION TO NEW AND EXISTING 
PRECLEARANCE OPERATIONS. 
Except for sections 814(d), 815, 817, and 818, 
this subtitle shall only apply to the establish-ment of preclearance operations in a foreign country in which no preclearance operations have been established as of the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
TITLE IX—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 901. DE MINIMIS VALUE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) Modernizing international customs is crit-
ical for United States businesses of all sizes, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9131 December 9, 2015 
consumers in the United States, and the eco-
nomic growth of the United States. 
(2) Higher thresholds for the value of articles 
that may be entered informally and free of duty provide significant economic benefits to busi-nesses and consumers in the United States and the economy of the United States through costs savings and reductions in trade transaction costs. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States Trade Rep-resentative should encourage other countries, through bilateral, regional, and multilateral fora, to establish commercially meaningful de minimis values for express and postal shipments that are exempt from customs duties and taxes and from certain entry documentation require-ments, as appropriate. 
(c) D
EMINIMIS VALUE.—Section 321(a)(2)(C) 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1321(a)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘$200’’ and inserting ‘‘$800’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (c) shall apply with respect to ar-ticles entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the 15th day after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 902. CONSULTATION ON TRADE AND CUS-
TOMS REVENUE FUNCTIONS. 
Section 401(c) of the Security and Account-
ability For Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 115(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘on Depart-
ment policies and actions that have’’ and insert-ing ‘‘not later than 30 days after proposing, and not later than 30 days before finalizing, any De-partment policies, initiatives, or actions that will have’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘not later 
than 30 days prior to the finalization of’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than 60 days before pro-posing, and not later than 60 days before final-izing,’’. SEC. 903. PENALTIES FOR CUSTOMS BROKERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 641(d)(1) of the Tar-
iff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1641(d)(1)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) has been convicted of committing or con-
spiring to commit an act of terrorism described in section 2332b of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 641 of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1641) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘the Customs Service’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘The 
Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
(3) in subsection (g)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘Sec-
retary’s notice’’ and inserting ‘‘notice under subparagraph (A)’’. 
SEC. 904. AMENDMENTS TO CHAPTER 98 OF THE 
HARMONIZED TARIFF SCHEDULE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A RTICLES EXPORTED AND RETURNED , AD-
VANCED OR IMPROVED ABROAD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—U.S. Note 3 to subchapter II 
of chapter 98 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f)(1) For purposes of subheadings 9802.00.40 
and 9802.00.50, fungible articles exported from the United States for the purposes described in such subheadings— 
‘‘(A) may be commingled; and ‘‘(B) the origin, value, and classification of 
such articles may be accounted for using an in-ventory management method. 
‘‘(2) If a person chooses to use an inventory 
management method under this paragraph with respect to fungible articles, the person shall use 
the same inventory management method for any other articles with respect to which the person claims fungibility under this paragraph. 
‘‘(3) For the purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(A) the term ‘fungible articles’ means mer-
chandise or articles that, for commercial pur-poses, are identical or interchangeable in all sit-uations; and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘inventory management method’ 
means any method for managing inventory that is based on generally accepted accounting prin-ciples.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made 
by this subsection applies to articles classifiable under subheading 9802.00.40 or 9802.00.50 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States that are entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO  
RETURNED PROPERTY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The article description for 
heading 9801.00.10 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by in-serting after ‘‘exported’’ the following: ‘‘, or any other products when returned within 3 years after having been exported’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made 
by paragraph (1) applies to articles entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) D
UTY-FREE TREATMENT FOR CERTAIN  
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT PROPERTY RE-
TURNED TO THE UNITED STATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 98 of 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by inserting in numerical se-quence the following new heading: 
‘‘ 9801.00.11 United States Government property, returned to the United States without 
having been advanced in value or improved in condition by any means while abroad, entered by the United States Government or a contractor to the United States Government, and certified by the importer as United States Government property ....................................................................................................... Free ’’. 
(2) E FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made 
by paragraph (1) applies to goods entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 905. EXEMPTION FROM DUTY OF RESIDUE 
OF BULK CARGO CONTAINED IN IN-STRUMENTS OF INTERNATIONAL TRAFFIC PREVIOUSLY EXPORTED FROM THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—General Note 3(e) of the 
Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (vi), by adding ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (vi) (as so 
amended) the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(vii) residue of bulk cargo contained in in-
struments of international traffic previously ex-ported from the United States,’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end of the flush text fol-
lowing subparagraph (vii) (as so added) the fol-lowing: ‘‘For purposes of subparagraph (vii) of this paragraph: The term ‘residue’ means mate-rial of bulk cargo that remains in an instrument of international traffic after the bulk cargo is removed, with a quantity, by weight or volume, not exceeding 7 percent of the bulk cargo, and with no or de minimis value. The term ‘bulk cargo’ means cargo that is unpackaged and is in either solid, liquid, or gaseous form. The term ‘instruments of international traffic’ means con-tainers or holders, capable of and suitable for repeated use, such as lift vans, cargo vans, ship-ping tanks, skids, pallets, caul boards, and cores for textile fabrics, arriving (whether loaded or empty) in use or to be used in the shipment of 
merchandise in international traffic, and any additional articles or classes of articles that the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection designates as instruments of inter-national traffic.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to residue of bulk cargo contained in instruments of international traffic that are imported into the customs territory of the United States on or after such date of enactment and that pre-viously have been exported from the United States. 
SEC. 906. DRAWBACK AND REFUNDS. 
(a) A RTICLES MADE FROM IMPORTED MER-
CHANDISE .—Section 313(a) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘the full amount of the duties paid upon the merchandise so used shall be refunded as draw-back, less 1 per centum of such duties, except that such’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount calculated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary of the Treasury under subsection (l) shall be refunded as drawback, except that’’. 
(b) S
UBSTITUTION FOR DRAWBACK PURPOSES .— 
Section 313(b) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘If imported’’ and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If imported’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and any other merchandise 
(whether imported or domestic) of the same kind and quality are’’ and inserting ‘‘or merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS sub-heading number as such imported merchandise is’’; (3) by striking ‘‘three years’’ and inserting ‘‘5 
years’’; 
(4) by striking ‘‘the receipt of such imported 
merchandise by the manufacturer or producer of such articles’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of impor-tation of such imported merchandise’’; 
(5) by striking ‘‘an amount of drawback equal 
to’’ and all that follows through the end period and inserting ‘‘an amount calculated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l), but only if those articles have not been used prior to such expor-tation or destruction.’’; and 
(6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO TRANSFER OF  
MERCHANDISE .— 
‘‘(A) M ANUFACTURERS AND PRODUCERS .— 
Drawback shall be allowed under paragraph (1) with respect to an article manufactured or pro-duced using imported merchandise or other mer-chandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchan-dise only if the manufacturer or producer of the article received such imported merchandise or such other merchandise, directly or indirectly, from the importer. 
‘‘(B) E
XPORTERS AND DESTROYERS .—Drawback 
shall be allowed under paragraph (1) with re-spect to a manufactured or produced article that is exported or destroyed only if the exporter or destroyer received that article, directly or indi-rectly, from the manufacturer or producer. 
‘‘(C) E
VIDENCE OF TRANSFER .—Transfers of 
merchandise under subparagraph (A) and trans-fers of articles under subparagraph (B) may be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9132 December 9, 2015 
evidenced by business records kept in the nor-
mal course of business and no additional certifi-cates of transfer or manufacture shall be re-quired. 
‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF BILL OF MATERIALS OR  
FORMULA .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Drawback shall be allowed 
under paragraph (1) with respect to an article manufactured or produced using imported mer-chandise or other merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchandise only if the person making the drawback claim submits with the claim a bill of materials or formula identifying the merchandise and article by the 8-digit HTS subheading number and the quantity of the merchandise. 
‘‘(B) B
ILL OF MATERIALS AND FORMULA DE -
FINED .—In this paragraph, the terms ‘bill of ma-
terials’ and ‘formula’ mean records kept in the normal course of business that identify each component incorporated into a manufactured or produced article or that identify the quantity of each element, material, chemical, mixture, or other substance incorporated into a manufac-tured article. 
‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULE FOR SOUGHT CHEMICAL ELE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of paragraph 
(1), a sought chemical element may be— 
‘‘(i) considered imported merchandise, or mer-
chandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchan-dise, used in the manufacture or production of an article as described in paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(ii) substituted for source material con-
taining that sought chemical element, without regard to whether the sought chemical element and the source material are classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number, and apportioned quantitatively, as appropriate. 
‘‘(B) S
OUGHT CHEMICAL ELEMENT DEFINED .— 
In this paragraph, the term ‘sought chemical element’ means an element listed in the Periodic Table of Elements that is imported into the United States or a chemical compound con-sisting of those elements, either separately in elemental form or contained in source mate-rial.’’. 
(c) M
ERCHANDISE NOTCONFORMING TO SAM-
PLE OR SPECIFICATIONS .—Section 313(c) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(c)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking 
‘‘under a certificate of delivery’’ each place it appears; 
(B) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by striking ‘‘3’’ and inserting ‘‘5’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the Customs Service’’ and in-
serting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
(C) in the flush text at the end, by striking 
‘‘the full amount of the duties paid upon such merchandise, less 1 percent,’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount calculated pursuant to regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Customs 
Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection’’; and 
(3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(3) E
VIDENCE OF TRANSFERS .—Transfers of 
merchandise under paragraph (1) may be evi-denced by business records kept in the normal course of business and no additional certificates of transfer shall be required.’’. 
(d) P
ROOF OF EXPORTATION .—Section 313(i) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(i)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(i) P
ROOF OF EXPORTATION .—A person 
claiming drawback under this section based on the exportation of an article shall provide proof of the exportation of the article. Such proof of exportation— 
‘‘(1) shall establish fully the date and fact of 
exportation and the identity of the exporter; and ‘‘(2) may be established through the use of 
records kept in the normal course of business or through an electronic export system of the United States Government, as determined by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection.’’. 
(e) U
NUSED MERCHANDISE DRAWBACK .—Sec-
tion 313(j) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘3-year’’ and inserting ‘‘5- 
year’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and before the drawback 
claim is filed’’ after ‘‘the date of importation’’; and 
(B) in the flush text at the end, by striking 
‘‘99 percent of the amount of each duty, tax, or fee so paid’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount cal-culated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (4), (5), and (6)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘com-
mercially interchangeable with’’ and inserting ‘‘classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS sub-heading number as’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘3-year’’ and inserting ‘‘5- 
year’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and before the drawback 
claim is filed’’ after ‘‘the imported merchan-dise’’; 
(D) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking sub-
clause (II) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(II) received the imported merchandise, other 
merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported mer-chandise, or any combination of such imported merchandise and such other merchandise, di-rectly or indirectly from the person who im-ported and paid any duties, taxes, and fees im-posed under Federal law upon importation or entry and due on the imported merchandise (and any such transferred merchandise, regard-less of its origin, will be treated as the imported merchandise and any retained merchandise will be treated as domestic merchandise);’’; and 
(E) in the flush text at the end— (i) by striking ‘‘the amount of each such duty, 
tax, and fee’’ and all that follows through ‘‘99 percent of that duty, tax, or fee’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount calculated pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l) shall be refunded as draw-back’’; and 
(ii) by striking the last sentence and inserting 
the following: ‘‘Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), drawback shall be allowed under this para-graph with respect to wine if the imported wine and the exported wine are of the same color and the price variation between the imported wine and the exported wine does not exceed 50 per-cent. Transfers of merchandise may be evi-denced by business records kept in the normal course of business and no additional certificates of transfer shall be required.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘the com-
mercially interchangeable merchandise’’ and in-serting ‘‘merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchandise’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) For purposes of paragraph (2) and ex-
cept as provided in subparagraph (B), merchan-dise may not be substituted for imported mer-chandise for drawback purposes based on the 8- digit HTS subheading number if the article de-scription for the 8-digit HTS subheading number under which the imported merchandise is classi-fied begins with the term ‘other’. 
‘‘(B) In cases described in subparagraph (A), 
merchandise may be substituted for imported merchandise for drawback purposes if— ‘‘(i) the other merchandise and such imported 
merchandise are classifiable under the same 10- digit HTS statistical reporting number; and 
‘‘(ii) the article description for that 10-digit 
HTS statistical reporting number does not begin with the term ‘other’. 
‘‘(6)(A) For purposes of paragraph (2), a 
drawback claimant may use the first 8 digits of the 10-digit Schedule B number for merchandise or an article to determine if the merchandise or article is classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as the imported merchan-dise, without regard to whether the Schedule B number corresponds to more than one 8-digit HTS subheading number. 
‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘Schedule B’ 
means the Department of Commerce Schedule B, Statistical Classification of Domestic and For-eign Commodities Exported from the United States.’’. 
(f) L
IABILITY FOR DRAWBACK CLAIMS .—Sec-
tion 313(k) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(k)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(k) L
IABILITY FOR DRAWBACK CLAIMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any person making a claim 
for drawback under this section shall be liable for the full amount of the drawback claimed. 
‘‘(2) L
IABILITY OF IMPORTERS .—An importer 
shall be liable for any drawback claim made by another person with respect to merchandise im-ported by the importer in an amount equal to the lesser of— 
‘‘(A) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that the person claimed with respect to the im-ported merchandise; or 
‘‘(B) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that the importer authorized the other person to claim with respect to the imported merchandise. 
‘‘(3) J
OINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY .—Persons 
described in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be jointly and severally liable for the amount de-scribed in paragraph (2).’’. 
(g) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 313(l) of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(l)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(l) R
EGULATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Allowance of the privileges 
provided for in this section shall be subject to compliance with such rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe. 
‘‘(2) C
ALCULATION OF DRAWBACK .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than the date 
that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015, the Secretary shall prescribe regulations for determining the calculation of amounts refunded as drawback under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(B) C
LAIMS WITH RESPECT TO UNUSED MER -
CHANDISE .—The regulations required by sub-
paragraph (A) for determining the calculation of amounts refunded as drawback under this section shall provide for a refund of equal to 99 percent of the duties, taxes, and fees paid on the imported merchandise, which were imposed under Federal law upon entry or importation of the imported merchandise, and may require the claim to be based upon the average per unit du-ties, taxes, and fees as reported on the entry summary line item or, if not reported on the entry summary line item, as otherwise allocated by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, except that where there is substitution of the merchan-dise, then— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an article that is exported, 
the amount of the refund shall be equal to 99 percent of the lesser of— 
‘‘(I) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees paid 
with respect to the imported merchandise; or 
‘‘(II) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that would apply to the exported article if the exported article were imported; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an article that is destroyed, 
the amount of the refund shall be an amount that is— 
‘‘(I) equal to 99 percent of the lesser of— ‘‘(aa) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
paid with respect to the imported merchandise; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9133 December 9, 2015 
‘‘(bb) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that would apply to the destroyed article if the destroyed article were imported; and 
‘‘(II) reduced by the value of materials recov-
ered during destruction as provided in sub-section (x). 
‘‘(C) C
LAIMS WITH RESPECT TO MANUFACTURED  
ARTICLES INTO WHICH IMPORTED OR SUBSTITUTE  
MERCHANDISE IS INCORPORATED .—The regula-
tions required by subparagraph (A) for deter-mining the calculation of amounts refunded as drawback under this section shall provide for a refund of equal to 99 percent of the duties, taxes, and fees paid on the imported merchan-dise incorporated into an article that is exported or destroyed, which were imposed under Federal law upon entry or importation of the imported merchandise incorporated into an article that is exported or destroyed, and may require the claim to be based upon the average per unit du-ties, taxes, and fees as reported on the entry summary line item, or if not reported on the entry summary line item, as otherwise allocated by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, except that where there is substitution of the imported merchandise, then— 
‘‘(i) in the case of an article that is exported, 
the amount of the refund shall be equal to 99 percent of the lesser of— 
‘‘(I) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees paid 
with respect to the imported merchandise; or 
‘‘(II) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that would apply to the substituted merchandise if the substituted merchandise were imported; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an article that is destroyed, 
the amount of the refund shall be an amount that is— 
‘‘(I) equal to 99 percent of the lesser of— ‘‘(aa) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
paid with respect to the imported merchandise; and 
‘‘(bb) the amount of duties, taxes, and fees 
that would apply to the substituted merchandise if the substituted merchandise were imported; and 
‘‘(II) reduced by the value of materials recov-
ered during destruction as provided in sub-section (x). 
‘‘(D) E
XCEPTIONS .—The calculations set forth 
in subparagraphs (B) and (C) shall not apply to claims for wine based on subsection (j)(2) and claims based on subsection (p) and instead— 
‘‘(i) for any drawback claim for wine based on 
subsection (j)(2), the amount of the refund shall be equal to 99 percent of the duties, taxes, and fees paid with respect to the imported merchan-dise, without regard to the limitations in sub-paragraphs (B)(i) and (B)(ii); and 
‘‘(ii) for any drawback claim based on sub-
section (p), the amount of the refund shall be subject to the limitations set out in paragraph (4) of that subsection and without regard to sub-paragraph (B)(i), (B)(ii), (C)(i), or (C)(ii). 
‘‘(3) S
TATUS REPORTS ON REGULATIONS .—Not 
later than the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and annu-ally thereafter until the regulations required by paragraph (2) are final, the Secretary shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the status of those regulations.’’. 
(h) S
UBSTITUTION OF FINISHED PETROLEUM  
DERIVATIVES .—Section 313(p) of the Tariff Act 
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(p)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Harmonized Tariff Schedule 
of the United States’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘HTS’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)(A)— (A) in clause (ii)(III), by striking ‘‘, as so cer-
tified in a certificate of delivery or certificate of manufacture and delivery’’; and 
(B) in the flush text at the end— (i) by striking ‘‘, so designated on the certifi-
cate of delivery or certificate of manufacture and delivery’’; and 
(ii) by striking the last sentence and inserting 
the following: ‘‘The party transferring the mer-chandise shall maintain records kept in the nor-
mal course of business to demonstrate the trans-fer.’’. 
(i) P
ACKAGING MATERIAL .—Section 313(q) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(q)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘of 99 percent 
of any duty, tax, or fee imposed under Federal law on such imported material’’ and inserting ‘‘in an amount calculated pursuant to regula-tions prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas-ury under subsection (l)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘of 99 percent 
of any duty, tax, or fee imposed under Federal law on the imported or substituted merchandise used to manufacture or produce such material’’ and inserting ‘‘in an amount calculated pursu-ant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (l)’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘they con-
tain’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘it contains’’. 
(j) F
ILING OF DRAWBACK CLAIMS .—Section 
313(r) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(r)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking the first sentence and inserting 
the following: ‘‘A drawback entry shall be filed or applied for, as applicable, not later than 5 years after the date on which merchandise on which drawback is claimed was imported.’’; 
(B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘3- 
year’’ and inserting ‘‘5-year’’; and 
(C) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘the 
Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-
ing ‘‘The Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
(ii) in clauses (i) and (ii), by striking ‘‘the 
Customs Service’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
(iii) in clause (ii)(I), by striking ‘‘3-year’’ and 
inserting ‘‘5-year’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the pe-
riods of time for retaining records set forth in subsection (t) of this section and’’ and inserting ‘‘the period of time for retaining records set forth in’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) All drawback claims filed on and after 
the date that is 2 years after the date of the en-actment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 shall be filed electroni-cally.’’. 
(k) D
ESIGNATION OF MERCHANDISE BY SUC-
CESSOR .—Section 313(s) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1313(s)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking subparagraph 
(B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) subject to paragraphs (5) and (6) of sub-
section (j), imported merchandise, other mer-chandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchan-dise, or any combination of such imported mer-chandise and such other merchandise, that the predecessor received, before the date of succes-sion, from the person who imported and paid any duties, taxes, and fees due on the imported merchandise;’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘certifies 
that’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘cer-tifies that the transferred merchandise was not and will not be claimed by the predecessor.’’. 
(l) D
RAWBACK CERTIFICATES .—Section 313 of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313) is amend-ed by striking subsection (t). 
(m) D
RAWBACK FOR RECOVERED MATERIALS .— 
Section 313(x) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313(x)) is amended by striking ‘‘and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘(c), and (j)’’. 
(n) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 313 of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(z) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D IRECTLY .—The term ‘directly’ means a 
transfer of merchandise or an article from one person to another person without any inter-mediate transfer. 
‘‘(2) HTS.—The term ‘HTS’ means the Har-
monized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
‘‘(3) I
NDIRECTLY .—The term ‘indirectly’ means 
a transfer of merchandise or an article from one person to another person with one or more inter-mediate transfers.’’. 
(o) R
ECORDKEEPING .—Section 508(c)(3) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1508(c)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘payment’’ and inserting ‘‘liquidation’’. 
(p) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE RE-
PORT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after 
the issuance of the regulations required by sub-section (l)(2) of section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by subsection (g) of this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the modernization of drawback and refunds under section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by this section. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the modernization of 
drawback and refunds under section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by this section. 
(B) A description of drawback claims that 
were permissible before the effective date pro-vided for in subsection (q) that are not permis-sible after that effective date and an identifica-tion of industries most affected. 
(C) A description of drawback claims that 
were not permissible before the effective date provided for in subsection (q) that are permis-sible after that effective date and an identifica-tion of industries most affected. 
(q) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
this section shall— 
(A) take effect on the date of the enactment of 
this Act; and 
(B) except as provided in paragraph (3), apply 
to drawback claims filed on or after the date that is 2 years after such date of enactment. 
(2) R
EPORTING OF OPERABILITY OF AUTOMATED  
COMMERCIAL ENVIRONMENT COMPUTER SYSTEM .— 
Not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and not later than 2 years after such date of enactment, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a report on— 
(A) the date on which the Automated Com-
mercial Environment will be ready to process drawback claims; and 
(B) the date on which the Automated Export 
System will be ready to accept proof of expor-tation under subsection (i) of section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by subsection (d) of this section. 
(3) T
RANSITION RULE .—During the one-year 
period beginning on the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, a person may elect to file a claim for drawback under— 
(A) section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as 
amended by this section; or 
(B) section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as in 
effect on the day before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 907. REPORT ON CERTAIN U.S. CUSTOMS 
AND BORDER PROTECTION AGREE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after entering into an agreement under a pro-gram specified in subsection (b), and annually thereafter until the termination of the program, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9134 December 9, 2015 
Committee on Homeland Security of the House 
of Representatives a report that includes the fol-lowing: 
(1) A description of the development of the 
program, including an identification of the au-thority under which the program operates. 
(2) A description of the type of entity with 
which U.S. Customs and Border Protection en-tered into the agreement and the amount that entity reimbursed U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection under the agreement. 
(3) An identification of the type of port of 
entry to which the agreement relates and an as-sessment of how the agreement provides eco-nomic benefits and security benefits (if applica-ble) at the port of entry. 
(4) A description of the services provided by 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection under the agreement during the year preceding the sub-mission of the report. 
(5) The amount of fees collected under the 
agreement during that year. 
(6) The total operating expenses of the pro-
gram during that year. 
(7) A detailed accounting of how the fees col-
lected under the agreement have been spent dur-ing that year. 
(8) A summary of any complaints or criticism 
received by U.S. Customs and Border Protection during that year regarding the agreement. 
(9) An assessment of the compliance of the en-
tity described in paragraph (2) with the terms of the agreement. 
(10) Recommendations with respect to how ac-
tivities conducted pursuant to the agreement could function more effectively or better produce economic benefits and security benefits (if appli-cable). 
(11) A summary of the benefits to and chal-
lenges faced by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and the entity described in paragraph (2) under the agreement. 
(12) If the entity described in paragraph (2) is 
an operator of an airport— 
(A) a detailed account of the revenue collected 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection at the airport from— 
(i) fees collected under the agreement; and (ii) fees collected from sources other than 
under the agreement, including fees paid by passengers and air carriers; and 
(B) an assessment of the revenue described in 
subparagraph (A) compared with the operating costs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection at the airport. 
(b) P
ROGRAM SPECIFIED .—A program specified 
in this subsection is— 
(1) the program for entering into reimbursable 
fee agreements for the provision of U.S. Customs and Border Protection services established by section 560 of the Department of Homeland Se-curity Appropriations Act, 2013 (division D of Public Law 113–6; 127 Stat. 378); 
(2) the pilot program authorizing U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection to enter into part-nerships with private sector and government en-tities at ports of entry established by section 559 of the Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2014 (division F of Public Law 113–76; 6 U.S.C. 211 note); 
(3) the program under which U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection collects a fee for the use of customs services at designated facilities under section 236 of the Trade and Tariff Act of 1984 (19 U.S.C. 58b); or 
(4) the program established by subtitle B of 
title VIII of this Act authorizing U.S. Customs and Border Protection to establish preclearance operations in foreign countries. 
SEC. 908. CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
Section 13031(e)(1) of the Consolidated Omni-
bus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(e)(1)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(1) Notwithstanding section 
451 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1451) or any other provision of law (other than para-graph (2))’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1)(A) Notwithstanding section 451 of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1451) or any other provision of law (other than subparagraph (B) and paragraph (2))’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) An appropriate officer of U.S. Customs 
and Border Protection may assign a sufficient number of employees of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection (if available) to perform services described in clause (ii) for a charter air carrier (as defined in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code) for a charter flight arriving after normal operating hours at an airport that is an established port of entry serviced by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, notwithstanding that overtime funds for those services are not available, if the charter air carrier— 
‘‘(I) not later than 4 hours before the flight 
arrives, specifically requests that such services be provided; and 
‘‘(II) pays any overtime fees incurred in con-
nection with such services. 
‘‘(ii) Services described in this clause are cus-
toms services for passengers and their baggage or any other similar service that could lawfully be performed during regular hours of oper-ation.’’. 
SEC. 909. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL TRADE AND 
COMMERCIAL ENHANCEMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) Israel is America’s dependable, democratic 
ally in the Middle East—an area of paramount strategic importance to the United States. 
(2) The United States-Israel Free Trade Agree-
ment formed the modern foundation of the bilat-eral commercial relationship between the two countries and was the first such agreement signed by the United States with a foreign coun-try. 
(3) The United States-Israel Free Trade Agree-
ment has been instrumental in expanding com-merce and the strategic relationship between the United States and Israel. 
(4) More than $45,000,000,000 in goods and 
services is traded annually between the two countries, in addition to roughly $10,000,000,000 in United States foreign direct investment in Israel. 
(5) The United States continues to look for 
and find new opportunities to enhance coopera-tion with Israel, including through the enact-ment of the United States-Israel Enhanced Se-curity Cooperation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112– 150; 22 U.S.C. 8601 et seq.) and the United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296; 128 Stat. 4075). 
(6) It has been the policy of the United States 
Government to combat all elements of the Arab League Boycott of Israel by— 
(A) public statements of Administration offi-
cials; 
(B) enactment of relevant sections of the Ex-
port Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)), including sections to ensure foreign persons comply with applicable reporting requirements relating to the Boycott; 
(C) enactment of the Tax Reform Act of 1976 
(Public Law 94–455; 90 Stat. 1520) that denies certain tax benefits to entities abiding by the Boycott; 
(D) ensuring through free trade agreements 
with Bahrain and Oman that such countries no longer participate in the Boycott; and 
(E) ensuring as a condition of membership in 
the World Trade Organization that Saudi Ara-bia no longer enforces the secondary or tertiary elements of the Boycott. 
(b) S
TATEMENTS OF POLICY .—Congress— 
(1) supports the strengthening of economic co-
operation between the United States and Israel and recognizes the tremendous strategic, eco-nomic, and technological value of cooperation with Israel; 
(2) recognizes the benefit of cooperation with 
Israel to United States companies, including by improving American competitiveness in global markets; (3) recognizes the importance of trade and 
commercial relations to the pursuit and sustain-ability of peace, and supports efforts to bring to-gether the United States, Israel, the Palestinian territories, and others in enhanced commerce; 
(4) opposes politically motivated actions that 
penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel, such as boycotts of, di-vestment from, or sanctions against Israel; 
(5) notes that boycotts of, divestment from, 
and sanctions against Israel by governments, governmental bodies, quasi-governmental bod-ies, international organizations, and other such entities are contrary to principle of non-discrimination under the GATT 1994 (as defined in section 2(1)(B) of the Uruguay Round Agree-ments Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(1)(B))); 
(6) encourages the inclusion of politically mo-
tivated actions that penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel such as boycotts of, divestment from, or sanc-tions against Israel as a topic of discussion at the U.S.-Israel Joint Economic Development Group (JEDG) to support the strengthening of the United States-Israel commercial relationship and combat any commercial discrimination against Israel; and 
(7) supports efforts to prevent investigations 
or prosecutions by governments or international organizations of United States persons solely on the basis of such persons doing business with Israel, with Israeli entities, or in any territory controlled by Israel. 
(c) P
RINCIPAL TRADE NEGOTIATING OBJECTIVES  
OF THE UNITED STATES .— 
(1) C OMMERCIAL PARTNERSHIPS .—Among the 
principal trade negotiating objectives of the United States for proposed trade agreements with foreign countries regarding commercial partnerships are the following: 
(A) To discourage actions by potential trading 
partners that directly or indirectly prejudice or otherwise discourage commercial activity solely between the United States and Israel. 
(B) To discourage politically motivated boy-
cotts of, divestment from, and sanctions against Israel and to seek the elimination of politically motivated nontariff barriers on Israeli goods, services, or other commerce imposed on Israel. 
(C) To seek the elimination of state-sponsored 
unsanctioned foreign boycotts of Israel, or com-pliance with the Arab League Boycott of Israel, by prospective trading partners. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection takes 
effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and applies with respect to negotiations com-menced before, on, or after such date of enact-ment. 
(d) R
EPORT ON POLITICALLY MOTIVATED ACTS 
OFBOYCOTT OF , DIVESTMENT FROM, ANDSANC-
TIONS AGAINST ISRAEL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a report on politically motivated boy-cotts of, divestment from, and sanctions against Israel. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The report re-
quired by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A description of the establishment of bar-
riers to trade, including nontariff barriers, in-vestment, or commerce by foreign countries or international organizations against United States persons operating or doing business in Israel, with Israeli entities, or in Israeli-con-trolled territories. 
(B) A description of specific steps being taken 
by the United States to encourage foreign coun-tries and international organizations to cease creating such barriers and to dismantle meas-ures already in place, and an assessment of the effectiveness of such steps. 
(C) A description of specific steps being taken 
by the United States to prevent investigations or prosecutions by governments or international organizations of United States persons solely on the basis of such persons doing business with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9135 December 9, 2015 
Israel, with Israeli entities, or in Israeli-con-
trolled territories. 
(D) Decisions by foreign persons, including 
corporate entities and state-affiliated financial institutions, that limit or prohibit economic rela-tions with Israel or persons doing business in Israel or in any territory controlled by Israel. 
(e) C
ERTAIN FOREIGN JUDGMENTS AGAINST  
UNITED STATES PERSONS .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, no domestic court shall recognize or enforce any foreign judgment en-tered against a United States person that con-ducts business operations in Israel, or any terri-tory controlled by Israel, if the domestic court determines that the foreign judgment is based, in whole or in part, on a determination by a for-eign court that the United States person’s con-ducting business operations in Israel or any ter-ritory controlled by Israel or with Israeli entities constitutes a violation of law. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) B OYCOTT OF , DIVESTMENT FROM , AND SANC -
TIONS AGAINST ISRAEL .—The term ‘‘boycott of, 
divestment from, and sanctions against Israel’’ means actions by states, nonmember states of the United Nations, international organizations, or affiliated agencies of international organiza-tions that are politically motivated and are in-tended to penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel or persons doing business in Israel or in any territory con-trolled by Israel. 
(2) D
OMESTIC COURT .—The term ‘‘domestic 
court’’ means a Federal court of the United States, or a court of any State or territory of the United States or of the District of Columbia. 
(3) F
OREIGN COURT .—The term ‘‘foreign 
court’’ means a court, an administrative body, or other tribunal of a foreign country. 
(4) F
OREIGN JUDGMENT .—The term ‘‘foreign 
judgment’’ means a final civil judgment ren-dered by a foreign court. 
(5) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign per-
son’’ means— 
(A) an individual who is not a United States 
person or an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence into the United States; or 
(B) a corporation, partnership, or other non-
governmental entity which is not a United States person. 
(6) P
ERSON .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘person’’ means— 
(i) a natural person; (ii) a corporation, business association, part-
nership, society, trust, financial institution, in-surer, underwriter, guarantor, and any other business organization, any other nongovern-mental entity, organization, or group, and any governmental entity operating as a business en-terprise; and 
(iii) any successor to any entity described in 
clause (ii). 
(B) A
PPLICATION TO GOVERNMENTAL ENTI -
TIES.—The term ‘‘person’’ does not include a 
government or governmental entity that is not operating as a business enterprise. 
(7) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United 
States person’’ means— 
(A) a natural person who is a national of the 
United States (as defined in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22))); or 
(B) a corporation or other legal entity that is 
organized under the laws of the United States, any State or territory thereof, or the District of Columbia, if natural persons described in sub-paragraph (A) own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 percent of the outstanding capital stock or other beneficial interest in such legal entity. 
SEC. 910. ELIMINATION OF CONSUMPTIVE DE-
MAND EXCEPTION TO PROHIBITION ON IMPORTATION OF GOODS MADE WITH CONVICT LABOR, FORCED LABOR, OR INDENTURED LABOR; RE-PORT. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF CONSUMPTIVE DEMAND  
EXCEPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 307 of the Tariff Act 
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307) is amended by striking ‘‘The provisions of this section’’ and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘of the United States.’’. 
(2) E FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made 
by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 15 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on compli-ance with section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307) that includes the following: 
(1) The number of instances in which mer-
chandise was denied entry pursuant to that sec-tion during the 1-year period preceding the sub-mission of the report. 
(2) A description of the merchandise denied 
entry pursuant to that section. 
(3) Such other information as the Commis-
sioner considers appropriate with respect to monitoring and enforcing compliance with that section. 
SEC. 911. VOLUNTARY RELIQUIDATIONS BY U.S. 
CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION. 
Section 501 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 
1501) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ THE 
CUSTOMS SERVICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ U.S. CUSTOMS  
AND BORDER PROTECTION ’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘the Customs Service’’ and in-
serting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘on which notice of the origi-
nal liquidation is given or transmitted to the im-porter, his consignee or agent’’ and inserting ‘‘of the original liquidation’’. 
SEC. 912. TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF REC-
REATIONAL PERFORMANCE OUTER-WEAR. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 601 of the Trade Pref-
erences Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114– 27; 129 Stat. 387) is repealed, and any provision of law amended by such section is restored as if such section had not been enacted into law. 
(b) A
MENDMENTS TO ADDITIONAL U.S. 
NOTES.—The additional U.S. notes to chapter 62 
of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended— 
(1) in additional U.S. note 2— (A) by striking ‘‘For the purposes of sub-
headings’’ and all that follows through ‘‘6211.20.15’’ and inserting ‘‘For the purposes of subheadings 6201.92.17, 6201.92.35, 6201.93.47, 6201.93.60, 6202.92.05, 6202.92.30, 6202.93.07, 6202.93.48, 6203.41.01, 6203.41.25, 6203.43.03, 6203.43.11, 6203.43.55, 6203.43.75, 6204.61.05, 6204.61.60, 6204.63.02, 6204.63.09, 6204.63.55, 6204.63.75 and 6211.20.15’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘(see ASTM designations D 
3600-81 and D 3781-79)’’ and inserting ‘‘(see cur-rent version of ASTM D7017)’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘in accordance with AATCC 
Test Method 35-1985.’’ and inserting ‘‘in accord-ance with the current version of AATCC Test Method 35.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
note: 
‘‘3. (a) When used in a subheading of this 
chapter or immediate superior text thereto, the term ‘recreational performance outerwear’ means trousers (including, but not limited to, ski or snowboard pants, and ski or snowboard pants intended for sale as parts of ski-suits), coveralls, bib and brace overalls, jackets (in-cluding, but not limited to, full zip jackets, ski jackets and ski jackets intended for sale as parts of ski-suits), windbreakers and similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets), the fore-going of fabrics of cotton, wool, hemp, bamboo, silk or manmade fibers, or a combination of such fibers; that are either water resistant within the meaning of additional U.S. note 2 to this chap-ter or treated with plastics, or both; with criti-cally sealed seams, and with 5 or more of the following features (as further provided herein): ‘‘(i) insulation for cold weather protection; 
‘‘(ii) pockets, at least one of which has a 
zippered, hook and loop, or other type of clo-sure; 
‘‘(iii) elastic, draw cord or other means of 
tightening around the waist or leg hems, includ-ing hidden leg sleeves with a means of tight-ening at the ankle for trousers and tightening around the waist or bottom hem for jackets; 
‘‘(iv) venting, not including grommet(s); ‘‘(v) articulated elbows or knees; ‘‘(vi) reinforcement in one of the following 
areas: the elbows, shoulders, seat, knees, ankles or cuffs; 
‘‘(vii) weatherproof closure at the waist or 
front; 
‘‘(viii) multi-adjustable hood or adjustable col-
lar; 
‘‘(ix) adjustable powder skirt, inner protective 
skirt or adjustable inner protective cuff at sleeve hem; 
‘‘(x) construction at the arm gusset that uti-
lizes fabric, design or patterning to allow radial arm movement; or 
‘‘(xi) odor control technology. 
The term ‘recreational performance outerwear’ 
does not include occupational outerwear. 
‘‘(b) For purposes of this note, the following 
terms have the following meanings: 
‘‘(i) The term ‘treated with plastics’ refers to 
textile fabrics impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with plastics, as described in note 2 to chapter 59. 
‘‘(ii) The term ‘sealed seams’ means seams that 
have been covered by means of taping, gluing, bonding, cementing, fusing, welding or a similar process so that air and water cannot pass through the seams when tested in accordance with the current version of AATCC Test Method 35. 
‘‘(iii) The term ‘critically sealed seams’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) for jackets, windbreakers and similar ar-
ticles (including padded, sleeveless jackets), sealed seams that are sealed at the front and back yokes, or at the shoulders, arm holes, or both, where applicable; and 
‘‘(B) for trousers, overalls and bib and brace 
overalls and similar articles, sealed seams that are sealed at the front (up to the zipper or other means of closure) and back rise. 
‘‘(iv) The term ‘insulation for cold weather 
protection’ means insulation that meets a min-imum clo value of 1.5 per ASTM F 2732. 
‘‘(v) The term ‘venting’ refers to closeable or 
permanent constructed openings in a garment (excluding front, primary zipper closures and grommet(s)) to allow increased expulsion of built-up heat during outdoor activities. In a jacket, such openings are often positioned on the underarm seam of a garment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment. In trousers, such openings are often positioned on the inner or outer leg seams of a garment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment. 
‘‘(vi) The term ‘articulated elbows or knees’ 
refers to the construction of a sleeve (or pant leg) to allow improved mobility at the elbow (or knee) through the use of extra seams, darts, gussets or other means. 
‘‘(vii) The term ‘reinforcement’ refers to the 
use of a double layer of fabric or section(s) of fabric that is abrasion-resistant or otherwise more durable than the face fabric of the gar-ment. 
‘‘(viii) The term ‘weatherproof closure’ means 
a closure (including, but not limited to, lami-nated or coated zippers, storm flaps or other weatherproof construction) that has been rein-forced or engineered in a manner to reduce the penetration or absorption of moisture or air through an opening in the garment. 
‘‘(ix) The term ‘multi-adjustable hood or ad-
justable collar’ means, in the case of a hood, a hood into which is incorporated two or more draw cords, adjustment tabs or elastics, or, in the case of a collar, a collar into which is incor-porated at least one draw cord, adjustment tab, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9136 December 9, 2015 
elastic or similar component, to allow volume 
adjustments around a helmet, or the crown of the head, neck or face. 
‘‘(x) The terms ‘adjustable powder skirt’ and 
‘inner protective skirt’ refer to a partial lower inner lining with means of tightening around the waist for additional protection from the ele-ments. 
‘‘(xi) The term ‘arm gusset’ means construc-
tion at the arm of a gusset that utilizes an extra fabric piece in the underarm, usually diamond- or triangular-shaped, designed or patterned to allow radial arm movement. 
‘‘(xii) The term ‘radial arm movement’ refers 
to unrestricted, 180-degree range of motion for the arm while wearing performance outerwear. ‘‘(xiii) The term ‘odor control technology’ 
means the incorporation into a fabric or gar-ment of materials, including, but not limited to, activated carbon, silver, copper or any combina-tion thereof, capable of adsorbing, absorbing or reacting with human odors, or effective in re-ducing the growth of odor-causing bacteria. 
‘‘(xiv) The term ‘occupational outerwear’ 
means outerwear garments, including uniforms, of a kind principally used in the work place and specially designed to provide protection from work place hazards such as fire, electrical, ab-rasion or chemical hazards, or impacts, cuts and 
punctures. 
‘‘(c) The importer of goods entered as ‘rec-
reational performance outerwear’ under a par-ticular subheading of this chapter shall main-tain records demonstrating that the entered 
goods meet the terms of this note, including such information as is necessary to demonstrate the presence of the specific features that render the goods eligible for classification as ‘rec-reational performance outerwear’.’’. 
(c) T
ARIFF CLASSIFICATIONS .—Chapter 62 of 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
(1)(A) By striking subheadings 6201.91.10 
through 6201.91.20 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6201.91.03 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-ticle description for subheading 6201.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6201.91.03 Padded, sleeveless jackets ....................................................................... 8.5% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 2.5% (OM) 58.5% 
6201.91.05 Other ..................................................................................................... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 14.9 ¢/kg +5.9% 
(OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6201.91.25 Padded, sleeveless jackets ....................................................................... 8.5% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 2.5% (OM) 58.5% 
6201.91.40 Other ..................................................................................................... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 14.9 ¢/kg +5.9% 
(OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(B) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6201.91.10 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6201.91.03 and 6201.91.25 of such Schedule, as added by sub-paragraph (A), on and after such effective date. (C) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6201.91.20 of such Schedule before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6201.91.05 and 6201.91.40 of such Schedule, as added by subparagraph (A), on and after such effective date. (2) By striking subheadings 6201.92.10 through 
6201.92.20 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6201.92.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-scription for subheading 6201.92.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this sec-tion): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6201.92.05 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ............................................................................ 4.4% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
Other: 
6201.92.17 Water resistant .......................................................................................... 6.2% Free ( AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
6201.92.19 Other ........................................................................................................ 9.4% Fr ee (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
Other: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9137 December 9, 2015 
6201.92.30 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ............................................................................ 4.4% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
Other: 
6201.92.35 Water resistant .......................................................................................... 6.2% Free ( AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
6201.92.45 Other ........................................................................................................ 9.4% Fr ee (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 
90% ’’. 
(3) By striking subheadings 6201.93.10 through 
6201.93.35 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6201.93.15 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6201.93.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this sec-
tion): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6201.93.15 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................................... 4.4% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
Other: 
6201.93.18 Padded, sleeveless jackets .................................................................... 14.9% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 76% 
Other: 
6201.93.45 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 49.5 ¢/kg + 
19.6% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6201.93.47 Water resistant .............................................................................. 7.1% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6201.93.49 Other ............................................................................................ 27.7% Free (AU, BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
Other: 
6201.93.50 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................................... 4.4% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
Other: 
6201.93.52 Padded, sleeveless jackets .................................................................... 14.9% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 76% 
Other: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9138 December 9, 2015 
6201.93.55 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 49.5 ¢/kg + 
19.6% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6201.93.60 Water resistant .............................................................................. 7.1% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6201.93.65 Other ............................................................................................ 27.7% Free (AU, BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 
90% ’’. 
(4) By striking subheadings 6201.99.10 through 
6201.99.90 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6201.99.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6201.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this sec-
tion): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6201.99.05 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste .......................... Free 35% 
6201.99.15 Other ........................................................................................................... 4.2%  Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6201.99.50 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste .......................... Free 35% 
6201.99.80 Other ........................................................................................................... 4.2%  Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(5)(A) By striking subheadings 6202.91.10 
through 6202.91.20 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6202.91.03 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6202.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this 
section): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6202.91.03 Padded, sleeveless jackets ....................................................................... 14% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.2% (OM) 58.5% 
6202.91.15 Other ..................................................................................................... 36 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 10.8 ¢/kg + 4.8% 
(OM).46.3 ¢/kg +58.5% 
Other: 
6202.91.60 Padded, sleeveless jackets ....................................................................... 14% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.2% (OM)58.5% 
6202.91.90 Other ..................................................................................................... 36 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) ...10.8 ¢/kg + 4.8% 
(OM) ..... 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
(B) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6202.91.10 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6202.91.03 and 6202.91.60 of such Schedule, as added by sub-
paragraph (A), on and after such effective date. 
(C) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6202.91.20 of 
such Schedule before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6202.91.15 and 6202.91.90 of such Schedule, as added by subparagraph (A), on and after such effective 
date. 
(6) By striking subheadings 6202.92.10 through 
6202.92.20 and inserting the following, with the 
superior text to subheading 6202.92.03 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-scription for subheading 6202.92.10 (as in effect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9139 December 9, 2015 
on the day before the effective date of this sec-
tion): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6202.92.03 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ............................................................................ 4.4% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
Other: 
6202.92.05 Water resistant .......................................................................................... 6.2% Free ( AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
6202.92.12 Other ........................................................................................................ 8.9% Fr ee (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 90% 
Other: 
6202.92.25 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ............................................................................ 4.4% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
Other: 
6202.92.30 Water resistant .......................................................................................... 6.2% Free ( AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
6202.92.90 Other ........................................................................................................ 8.9% Fr ee (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 
..................... 90% ’’. 
(7) By striking subheadings 6202.93.10 through 
6202.93.50 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6202.93.01 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6202.93.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this sec-
tion): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6202.93.01 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................................... 4.4% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
Other: 
6202.93.03 Padded, sleeveless jackets .................................................................... 14.9% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 76% 
Other: 
6202.93.05 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 43.4 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6202.93.07 Water resistant .............................................................................. 7.1% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9140 December 9, 2015 
6202.93.09 Other ............................................................................................ 27.7% Free (AU, BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
Other: 
6202.93.15 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................................... 4.4% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
Other: 
6202.93.25 Padded, sleeveless jackets .................................................................... 14.9% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 76% 
Other: 
6202.93.45 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 43.4 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6202.93.48 Water resistant .............................................................................. 7.1% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6202.93.55 Other ............................................................................................ 27.7% Free (AU, BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 
90% ’’. 
(8) By striking subheadings 6202.99.10 through 
6202.99.90 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6202.99.03 having the same degree of indentation as the article de-
scription for subheading 6202.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this sec-
tion): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6202.99.03 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste .......................... Free 35% 
6202.99.15 Other ........................................................................................................... 2.8%  Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA,MX, OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 35% 
Other: 
6202.99.60 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste .......................... Free 35% 
6202.99.80 Other ........................................................................................................... 2.8%  Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 
....................... 35% ’’. 
(9)(A) By striking subheadings 6203.41 
through 6203.41.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.41 having the same degree of indentation as 
the article description for subheading 6203.41 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of 
this section): 
‘‘ 6203.41 Of wool or fine animal hair: 
Recreational performance outerwear: 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6203.41.01 Trousers, breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, with-
out belt loops, weighing more than 9 kg per dozen .............................. 7.6% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 2.2% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9141 December 9, 2015 
6203.41.03 Trousers of worsted wool fabric, made of wool yarn having an aver-
age fiber diameter of 18.5 microns or less ......................................... 41.9 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 12.5 ¢/kg + 4.8% 
(OM) 52.9 ¢/kg +58.5% 
6203.41.06 Other ............................................................................................ 41.9 ¢/kg + 
16.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 12.5 ¢/kg + 4.8% 
(OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
6203.41.08 Bib and brace overalls ......................................................................... 8.5% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 2.5% (OM) 63% 
Other: 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
6203.41.25 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, 
without belt loops, weighing more than 9 kg per dozen ....................... 7.6% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 2.2% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg +58.5% 
Other: 
6203.41.30 Trousers of worsted wool fabric, made of wool yarn having an aver-
age fiber diameter of 18.5 microns or less ......................................... 41.9 ¢/kg 
+16.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 12.5 ¢/kg + 4.8% 
(OM) 52.9 ¢/kg +58.5% 
6203.41.60 Other ............................................................................................ 41.9 ¢/kg 
+16.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 12.5 ¢/kg + 4.8% 
(OM) 52.9 ¢/kg +58.5% 
6203.41.80 Bib and brace overalls ......................................................................... 8.5% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 2.5% (OM) 63% ’’. 
(B) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6203.41.05 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6203.41.01 and 6203.41.25 of such Schedule, as added by sub-paragraph (A), on and after such effective date. 
(C) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6203.41.12 of such Schedule before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6203.41.03 and 6203.41.30 of such Schedule, as added by subparagraph (A), on and after such effective 
date. 
(D) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6203.41.18 of such Schedule before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6203.41.06 and 6203.41.60 of such Schedule, as added by subparagraph (A), on and after such effective date. 
(E) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6203.41.20 of such Schedule before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6203.41.08 
and 6203.41.80 of such Schedule, as added by subparagraph (A), on and after such effective date. 
(10)(A) By striking subheadings 6203.42.10 
through 6203.42.40 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6203.42.03 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-ticle description for subheading 6203.42.10 (as in 
effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6203.42.03 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ............................................................................ Free 60% 
Other: 
6203.42.05 Bib and brace overalls ................................................................................ 10.3% Free (AU ,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA,MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 90% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9142 December 9, 2015 
6203.42.07 Other ........................................................................................................ 16.6% F ree (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO, MA,MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 9.9% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6203.42.17 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ............................................................................ Free 60% 
Other: 
6203.42.25 Bib and brace overalls ................................................................................ 10.3% Free (AU ,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA,MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 90% 
6203.42.45 Other ........................................................................................................ 16.6% F ree (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 9.9% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(B) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6203.42.40 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6203.42.07 and 6203.42.45 of such Schedule, as added by sub-
paragraph (A), on and after such effective date. 
(11)(A) By striking subheadings 6203.43.10 
through 6203.43.40 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6203.43.01 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6203.43.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6203.43.01 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................................... Free 60% 
Other: 
Bib and brace overalls: ........................................................................
6203.43.03 Water resistant ................................................................................. 7.1% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA,MX,OM, P, PA,PE,SG) 65% 
6203.43.05 Other ............................................................................................... 14.9% Free (AU,B H, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 76% 
Other: 
6203.43.09 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 49.6 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE,SG) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6203.43.11 Water resistant trousers or breeches ................................................ 7.1% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE,SG) 1.4% (KR) 65% 
6203.43.13 Other ............................................................................................ 27.9% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 5.5% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6203.43.45 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down .......................................................... Free 60% 
Other: 
Bib and brace overalls: ........................................................................
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9143 December 9, 2015 
6203.43.55 Water resistant ................................................................................. 7.1% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 65% 
6203.43.60 Other ............................................................................................... 14.9% Free (AU,B H, 
CA, CL, CO,IL,JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 76% 
Other: 
6203.43.65 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ...................................... 12.2% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 76% 
Other: 
6203.43.70 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 49.6 ¢/kg + 
19.7% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
Other: 
6203.43.75 Water resistant trousers or breeches ............................................. 7.1% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE,SG) 1.4% (KR) 65% 
6203.43.90 Other ......................................................................................... 27.9% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 5.5% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(B) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6203.43.35 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6203.43.11 and 6203.43.75 of such Schedule, as added by sub-paragraph (A), on and after such effective date. (C) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6203.43.40 of such Schedule before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6203.43.13 and 6203.43.90 of such Schedule, as added by subparagraph (A), on and after such effective date. (12)(A) By striking subheadings 6203.49.10 
through 6203.49.80 and the immediate superior text to subheading 6203.49.10, and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6203.49.01 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.49.10 (as in effect on the day before the ef-fective date of this section): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
Of artificial fibers: 
6203.49.01 Bib and brace overalls ................................................................................ 8.5% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 76% 
6203.49.05 Trousers, breeches and shorts ..................................................................... 27.9% Free (AU,BH,  
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P,PA,PE, SG) 90% 
Of other textile materials: ..............................................................................
6203.49.07 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................... Free 35% 
6203.49.09 Other ........................................................................................................ 2.8% Fr ee (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO,MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 0.5% (KR)35% 
Other: 
Of artificial fibers: 
6203.49.25 Bib and brace overalls ................................................................................ 8.5% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 76% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9144 December 9, 2015 
6203.49.35 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ............................................ 12.2% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P,PA,PE, SG) 76% 
6203.49.50 Other ..................................................................................................... 27.9% Free  (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P,PA,PE, SG) 90% 
Of other textile materials: ..............................................................................
6203.49.60 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................... Free 35% 
6203.49.90 Other ........................................................................................................ 2.8% Fr ee (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO,MA, MX,OM, P,PA,PE, SG) 0.5% (KR) 35% ’’. 
(B) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6203.49.80 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6203.49.09 and 6203.49.90 of such Schedule, as added by sub-
paragraph (A), on and after such effective date. 
(13)(A) By striking subheadings 6204.61.10 
through 6204.61.90 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6204.61.05 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6204.61.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6204.61.05 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without 
belt loops, weighing more than 6 kg per dozen ................................................ 7.6% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 2.2% (OM) 58.5% 
6204.61.15 Other ........................................................................................................... 13.6 % Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4% (OM) 58.5% 
Other: 
6204.61.60 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without 
belt loops, weighing more than 6 kg per dozen ................................................ 7.6% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 2.2% (OM) 58.5% 
6204.61.80 Other ........................................................................................................... 13.6 % Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4% (OM) 58.5% ’’. 
(B) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6204.61.10 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6204.61.05 and 6204.61.60 of such Schedule, as added by sub-paragraph (A), on and after such effective date. (C) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6204.61.90 of such Schedule before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6204.61.15 and 6204.61.80 of such Schedule, as added by subparagraph (A), on and after such effective date. (14)(A) By striking subheadings 6204.62.10 
through 6204.62.40 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6204.62.03 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-ticle description for subheading 6204.62.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6204.62.03 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ............................................................................ Free 60% 
Other: 
6204.62.05 Bib and brace overalls ................................................................................ 8.9% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9145 December 9, 2015 
6204.62.15 Other ........................................................................................................ 16.6% F ree (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 9.9% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6204.62.50 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ............................................................................ Free 60% 
Other: 
6204.62.60 Bib and brace overalls ................................................................................ 8.9% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
Other: 
6204.62.70 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ............................................ 7.1% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, E, IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
6204.62.80 Other ..................................................................................................... 16.6% Free  (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 9.9% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(B) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6204.62.40 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6204.62.15 and 6204.62.80 of such Schedule, as added by sub-
paragraph (A), on and after such effective date. 
(15)(A) By striking subheadings 6204.63.10 
through 6204.63.35 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6204.63.01 having the same degree of indentation as the ar-
ticle description for subheading 6204.63.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6204.63.01 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ............................................................................ Free 60% 
Other: 
Bib and brace overalls: 
6204.63.02 Water resistant ....................................................................................... 7.1% Free (AU,  BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 65% 
6204.63.03 Other ..................................................................................................... 14.9% Free  (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 76% 
Other: 
6204.63.08 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ......... 13.6% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 58.5% 
Other: 
6204.63.09 Water resistant trousers or breeches ...................................................... 7.1% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX,OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 65% 
6204.63.11 Other .................................................................................................. 28.6% Free 
(AU,BH,CA, CL,CO, IL,JO, MA,MX,OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 5.7% (KR) 90% 
Other: 
6204.63.50 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down ............................................................................ Free 60% 
Other: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9146 December 9, 2015 
Bib and brace overalls: 
6204.63.55 Water resistant ....................................................................................... 7.1% Free (AU,  BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 65% 
6204.63.60 Other ..................................................................................................... 14.9% Free  (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 76% 
6204.63.65 Certified hand-loomed and folklore products ............................................... 11.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO,KR, MA,MX,OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 76% 
Other: 
6204.63.70 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ......... 13.6% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 58.5% 
Other: 
6204.63.75 Water resistant trousers or breeches ...................................................... 7.1% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 65% 
6204.63.90 Other .................................................................................................. 28.6% Free (A U, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 5.7% (KR) 90% ’’. 
(B) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6204.63.35 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6204.63.11 and 6204.63.90 of such Schedule, as added by sub-
paragraph (A), on and after such effective date. 
(16) By striking subheadings 6204.69.10 
through 6204.69.90 and the immediate superior text to subheading 6204.69.10, and inserting the following, with the first superior text having the 
same degree of indentation as the article de-scription of subheading 6204.69.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
Of artificial fibers: 
6204.69.01 Bib and brace overalls ................................................................................ 13.6% Free (AU , BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 76% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: ....................................................................
6204.69.02 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ......... 13.6% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 58.5% 
6204.69.03 Other ..................................................................................................... 28.6% Free  (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
Of silk or silk waste: 
6204.69.04 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................... 1.1% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6204.69.05 Other ........................................................................................................ 7.1% Fr ee (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,MA,MX, OM, P,PA, PE, SG) 65% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9147 December 9, 2015 
6204.69.06 Other ........................................................................................................... 2.8%  Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
Of artificial fibers: 
6204.69.15 Bib and brace overalls ................................................................................ 13.6% Free (AU ,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 76% 
Trousers, breeches and shorts: ....................................................................
6204.69.22 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ......... 13.6% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 58.5% 
6204.69.28 Other ..................................................................................................... 28.6% Free  (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
Of silk or silk waste: 
6204.69.45 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste ....................... 1.1% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P,PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6204.69.65 Other ........................................................................................................ 7.1% Fr ee (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, E*,IL, JO, KR,MA,MX, OM, P,PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6204.69.80 Other ........................................................................................................... 2.8%  Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,MA,MX, OM, P,PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(17) By striking subheadings 6210.40.30 
through 6210.40.90 and the immediate superior text to subheading 6210.40.30, and inserting the following, with the first superior text having the 
same degree of indentation as the immediate su-perior text to subheading 6210.40.30 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this sec-
tion): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
Of man-made fibers: 
6210.40.15 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 65% 
6210.40.25 Other ........................................................................................................ 7.1% Fr ee (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
Other: 
6210.40.28 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
6210.40.29 Other ........................................................................................................ 6.2% Fr ee (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
Other: 
Of man-made fibers: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9148 December 9, 2015 
6210.40.35 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.40.55 Other ........................................................................................................ 7.1% Fr ee (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
Other: 
6210.40.75 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
6210.40.80 Other ........................................................................................................ 6.2% Fr ee (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 
37.5% ’’. 
(18) By striking subheadings 6210.50.30 
through 6210.50.90 and the immediate superior text to subheading 6210.50.30, and inserting the following, with the first superior text having the 
same degree of indentation as the immediate su-perior text to subheading 6210.50.30 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this sec-
tion): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
Of man-made fibers: 
6210.50.03 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM,P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.50.05 Other ........................................................................................................ 7.1% Fr ee (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM,P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
Other: 
6210.50.12 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 37.5% 
6210.50.22 Other ........................................................................................................ 6.2% Fr ee (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P,PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
Other: 
Of man-made fibers: 
6210.50.35 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM,P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.50.55 Other ........................................................................................................ 7.1% Fr ee (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM,P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
Other: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9149 December 9, 2015 
6210.50.75 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
6210.50.80 Other ........................................................................................................ 6.2% Fr ee (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 
37.5% ’’. 
(19) By striking subheading 6211.32.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6211.32 having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.32.00 (as in effect on the day 
before the effective date of this section): 
‘‘ 6211.32 Of cotton: 
6211.32.50 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 8.1% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
6211.32.90 Other ........................................................................................................... 8.1%  Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% ’’. 
(20)(A) By striking subheading 6211.33.00 and 
inserting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6211.33 having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.33.00 (as in effect on the day 
before the effective date of this section): 
‘‘ 6211.33 Of man-made fibers: 
6211.33.50 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 16% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA ,PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 76% 
6211.33.90 Other ........................................................................................................... 16% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 76% ’’. 
(B) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6211.33.00 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6211.33.50 and 
6211.33.90 of such Schedule, as added by sub-paragraph (A), on and after such effective date. 
(21)(A) By striking subheadings 6211.39.05 
through 6211.39.90 and inserting the following, with the first superior text having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6211.39.03 Of wool or fine animal hair ........................................................................... 12% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.6% (OM) 58.5% 
6211.39.07 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste .......................... 0.5% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6211.39.15 Other ........................................................................................................... 2.8%  Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 35% 
Other: 
6211.39.30 Of wool or fine animal hair ........................................................................... 12% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.6% (OM) 58.5% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9150 December 9, 2015 
6211.39.60 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste .......................... 0.5% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6211.39.80 Other ........................................................................................................... 2.8%  Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
(B) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6211.39.05 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6211.39.03 and 
6211.39.30 of such Schedule, as added by sub-paragraph (A), on and after such effective date. 
(22) By striking subheading 6211.42.00 and in-
serting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6211.42 having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.42.00 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
‘‘ 6211.42 Of cotton: 
6211.42.05 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 8.1% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
6211.42.10 Other ........................................................................................................... 8.1%  Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% ’’. 
(23)(A) By striking subheading 6211.43.00 and 
inserting the following, with the article descrip-tion for subheading 6211.43 having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.43.00 (as in effect on the day 
before the effective date of this section): 
‘‘ 6211.43 Of man-made fibers: 
6211.43.05 Recreational performance outerwear .............................................................. 16% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 90% 
6211.43.10 Other ........................................................................................................... 16% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 90% ’’. 
(B) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6211.43.00 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6211.43.05 and 
6211.43.10 of such Schedule, as added by sub-paragraph (A), on and after such effective date. 
(24)(A) By striking subheadings 6211.49.10 
through 6211.49.90 and inserting the following, with the first superior text having the same de-
gree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.49.90 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
‘‘ Recreational performance outerwear: 
6211.49.03 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste .......................... 1.2% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 35% 
6211.49.15 Of wool or fine animal hair ........................................................................... 12% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA ,MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.6% (OM) 58.5% 
6211.49.25 Other ........................................................................................................... 7.3%  Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.4% (KR) 35% 
Other: 
6211.49.50 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste .......................... 1.2% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9151 December 9, 2015 
6211.49.60 Of wool or fine animal hair ........................................................................... 12% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 3.6% (OM) 58.5% 
6211.49.80 Other ........................................................................................................... 7.3%  Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.4% (KR) 35% ’’. 
(B) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6211.49.41 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6211.49.15 and 6211.49.60 of such Schedule, as added by sub-paragraph (A), on and after such effective date. 
(C) The staged reductions in the special rate 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6211.49.90 of such Schedule before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6211.49.25 and 6211.49.80 of such Schedule, as added by subparagraph (A), on and after such effective date. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), this section and the amendments made by this section— 
(A) shall take effect on the 180th day after the 
date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(B) shall apply to articles entered, or with-
drawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after such 180th day. 
(2) S
UBSECTION (a).—Subsection (a) shall take 
effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 913. MODIFICATIONS TO DUTY TREATMENT 
OF PROTECTIVE ACTIVE FOOTWEAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 64 of the Har-
monized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended— 
(1) by redesignating the Additional U.S. Note 
added by section 602(a) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–27; 129 Stat. 413) as Additional U.S. Note 6; 
(2) in subheading 6402.91.42, by striking the 
matter in the column 1 special rate of duty col-umn and inserting the following: ‘‘Free (AU,BH,CA,CL,D,IL,JO,MA,MX,P,R,SG) 1%(PA) 6%(OM) 6%(PE) 12%(CO) 20%(KR)’’; and 
(3) in subheading 6402.99.32, by striking the 
matter in the column 1 special rate of duty col-umn and inserting the following: ‘‘Free (AU,BH,CA,CL,D,IL,JO,MA,MX,P,R,SG) 1%(PA) 6%(OM) 6%(PE) 12%(CO) 20%(KR)’’. 
(b) S
TAGED RATEREDUCTIONS .—Section 602(c) 
of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–27; 129 Stat. 414) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) S
TAGED RATEREDUCTIONS .—Beginning in 
calendar year 2016, the staged reductions in spe-cial rates of duty proclaimed before the date of the enactment of this Act— 
‘‘(1) for subheading 6402.91.90 of the Har-
monized Tariff Schedule of the United States shall be applied to subheading 6402.91.42 of such Schedule, as added by subsection (b)(1); and 
‘‘(2) for subheading 6402.99.90 of such Sched-
ule shall be applied to subheading 6402.99.32 of such Schedule, as added by subsection (b)(2).’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–27; 129 Stat. 362). 
(2) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION FOR CERTAIN  
LIQUIDATIONS AND RELIQUIDATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 514 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1514) or any other provision of law and subject to subpara-graph (B), any entry of an article classified under subheading 6402.91.42 or 6402.99.32 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States, that— (i) was made— 
(I) after the effective date specified in section 
602(d) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–27; 129 Stat. 414), and 
(II) before the date of the enactment of this 
Act, and 
(ii) to which a lower rate of duty would be ap-
plicable if the entry were made after such date of enactment, 
shall be liquidated or reliquidated as though 
such entry occurred on such date of enactment. 
(B) R
EQUESTS .—A liquidation or reliquidation 
may be made under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to an entry only if a request therefor is filed with U.S. Customs and Border Protection not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act that contains sufficient in-formation to enable U.S. Customs and Border Protection— 
(i) to locate the entry; or (ii) to reconstruct the entry if it cannot be lo-
cated. 
(C) P
AYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED .—Any 
amounts owed by the United States pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation of an entry of an article under subparagraph (A) shall be paid, without interest, not later than 90 days after the date of the liquidation or reliquidation (as the case may be). 
SEC. 914. AMENDMENTS TO BIPARTISAN CON-
GRESSIONAL TRADE PRIORITIES AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015. 
(a) I MMIGRATION LAWS OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—Section 102(a) of the Bipartisan Con-
gressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–26; 19 U.S.C. 4201(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (13), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) to ensure that trade agreements do not 
require changes to the immigration laws of the United States or obligate the United States to grant access or expand access to visas issued under section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)).’’. 
(b) G
REENHOUSE GASEMISSIONS MEASURES .— 
Section 102(a) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–26; 19 U.S.C. 4201(a)), as amended by subsection (a) of this section, is fur-ther amended— 
(1) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (14), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) to ensure that trade agreements do not 
establish obligations for the United States re-garding greenhouse gas emissions measures, in-cluding obligations that require changes to United States laws or regulations or that would affect the implementation of such laws or regu-lations, other than those fulfilling the other ne-gotiating objectives in this section.’’. 
(c) F
ISHERIES NEGOTIATIONS .—Section 102(b) 
of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (Public Law 114– 26; 19 U.S.C. 4201(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(22) F
ISHERIES NEGOTIATIONS .—The principal 
negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to trade in fish, seafood, and shellfish 
products are— 
‘‘(A) to obtain competitive opportunities for 
United States exports of fish, seafood, and shell-fish products in foreign markets substantially equivalent to the competitive opportunities af-forded foreign exports of fish, seafood, and shellfish products in United States markets and to achieve fairer and more open conditions of trade in fish, seafood, and shellfish products, including by reducing or eliminating tariff and nontariff barriers; 
‘‘(B) to eliminate fisheries subsidies that dis-
tort trade, including subsidies of the type re-ferred to in paragraph 9 of Annex D to the Min-isterial Declaration adopted by the World Trade Organization at the Sixth Ministerial Con-ference at Hong Kong, China on December 18, 2005; 
‘‘(C) to pursue transparency in fisheries sub-
sidies programs; and 
‘‘(D) to address illegal, unreported, and un-
regulated fishing.’’. 
(d) A
CCREDITATION .—Section 104 of the Bipar-
tisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Ac-countability Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–26; 19 U.S.C. 4203) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘an offi-
cial’’ and inserting ‘‘a delegate and official’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(2)(C)— (A) by striking ‘‘an official’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘a delegate and official’’; and 
(B) by inserting after the first sentence the 
following: ‘‘In addition, the chairmen and rank-ing members described in subparagraphs (A)(i) and (B)(i) shall each be permitted to designate up to 3 personnel with proper security clear-ances to serve as delegates and official advisers to the United States delegation in negotiations for any trade agreement to which this title ap-plies.’’. 
(e) T
RAFFICKING IN PERSONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 106(b)(6) of the Bi-
partisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Ac-countability Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–26; 19 U.S.C. 4205(b)(6)) is amended by striking sub-paragraph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(i) I NVOKING EXCEPTION .—If the President 
submits to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a letter stating that a country to which subparagraph (A) applies has taken concrete ac-tions to implement the principal recommenda-tions with respect to that country in the most recent annual report on trafficking in persons, the prohibition under subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements with that country. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONTENT OF LETTER ; PUBLIC AVAIL -
ABILITY .—A letter submitted under clause (i) 
with respect to a country shall— 
‘‘(I) include a description of the concrete ac-
tions that the country has taken to implement the principal recommendations described in clause (i); 
‘‘(II) be accompanied by supporting docu-
mentation providing credible evidence of each such concrete action, including copies of rel-evant laws or regulations adopted or modified, and any enforcement actions taken, by that country, where appropriate; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9152 December 9, 2015 
‘‘(III) be made available to the public. 
‘‘(C) S PECIAL RULE FOR CHANGES IN CERTAIN  
DETERMINATIONS .—If a country is listed as a tier 
3 country in an annual report on trafficking in persons submitted in calendar year 2014 or any calendar year thereafter and, in the annual re-port on trafficking in persons submitted in the next calendar year, is listed on the tier 2 watch list, the President shall submit a detailed de-scription of the credible evidence supporting the change in listing of the country, accompanied by copies of documents providing such evidence, where appropriate, to the appropriate congres-sional committees— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a change in listing reflected 
in the annual report on trafficking in persons submitted in calendar year 2015, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a change in listing re-
flected in an annual report on trafficking in persons submitted in calendar year 2016 or any calendar year thereafter, not later than 90 days after the submission of that report. 
‘‘(D) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the integrity of the process for making the determinations in the annual report on trafficking in persons, including determina-tions with respect to country rankings and the substance of the assessments in the report, should be respected and not affected by unre-lated considerations. 
‘‘(E) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) A NNUAL REPORT ON TRAFFICKING IN PER -
SONS.—The term ‘annual report on trafficking in 
persons’ means the annual report on trafficking in persons required under section 110(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)(1)). 
‘‘(ii) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional com-
mittees’ means— 
‘‘(I) the Committee on Ways and Means and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(II) the Committee on Finance and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. ‘‘(iii) T
IER 2 WATCH LIST .—The term ‘tier 2 
watch list’ means the list of countries required under section 110(b)(2)(A)(iii) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)(2)(A)(iii)). 
‘‘(iv) T
IER 3 COUNTRY .—The term ‘tier 3 coun-
try’ means a country on the list of countries re-quired under section 110(b)(1)(C) of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)(1)(C)).’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
106(b)(6)(A) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–26; 19 U.S.C. 4205(b)(6)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘to which the minimum’’ and all that follows through ‘‘7107(b)(1))’’ and inserting ‘‘listed as a tier 3 country in the most recent annual report on trafficking in persons’’. 
(f) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—The Bipartisan 
Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 is amended— 
(1) in section 105(b)(3) (Public Law 114–26; 129 
Stat. 346; 19 U.S.C. 4204(b)(3))— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 102(b)(16)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102(b)(17)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 102(b)(16)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102(b)(17)’’; and 
(2) in section 106(b)(5) (Public Law 114–26; 129 
Stat. 354; 19 U.S.C. 4205(b)(5)), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 102(b)(15)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102(b)(16)(C)’’. 
(g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 
(Public Law 114–26; 129 Stat. 320; 19 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.). 
SEC. 915. TRADE PREFERENCES FOR NEPAL. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) Nepal is among the least developed coun-
tries in the world, with a per capita gross na-tional income of $730 in 2014. 
(2) Nepal suffered a devastating earthquake in 
April 2015, with subsequent aftershocks. More than 9,000 people died and approximately 23,000 people were injured. (b) E
LIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President may authorize 
the provision of preferential treatment under this section to articles that are imported directly from Nepal into the customs territory of the United States pursuant to subsection (c) if the President determines— 
(A) that Nepal meets the requirements set 
forth in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)); and 
(B) after taking into account the factors set 
forth in paragraphs (1) through (7) of sub-section (c) of section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2462), that Nepal meets the eligibility requirements of such section 502. 
(2) W
ITHDRAWAL , SUSPENSION , OR LIMITATION  
OF PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT ; MANDATORY  
GRADUATION .—The provisions of subsections (d) 
and (e) of section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2462) shall apply with respect to Nepal to the same extent and in the same man-ner as such provisions apply with respect to beneficiary developing countries under title V of that Act (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.). 
(c) E
LIGIBLE ARTICLES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An article described in para-
graph (2) may enter the customs territory of the United States free of duty. 
(2) A
RTICLES DESCRIBED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An article is described in 
this paragraph if— 
(i)(I) the article is the growth, product, or 
manufacture of Nepal; and 
(II) in the case of a textile or apparel article, 
Nepal is the country of origin of the article, as determined under section 102.21 of title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act); 
(ii) the article is imported directly from Nepal 
into the customs territory of the United States; 
(iii) the article is classified under any of the 
following subheadings of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
4202.11.00 .......................................................... 4202.22.60 ................................................. ....... 4202.92.08 
4202.12.20 .......................................................... 4202.22.70 ................................................. ....... 4202.92.15 
4202.12.40 .......................................................... 4202.22.80 ................................................. ....... 4202.92.20 
4202.12.60 .......................................................... 4202.29.50 ................................................. ....... 4202.92.30 
4202.12.80 .......................................................... 4202.29.90 ................................................. ....... 4202.92.45 
4202.21.60 .......................................................... 4202.31.60 ................................................. ....... 4202.92.60 
4202.21.90 .......................................................... 4202.32.40 ................................................. ....... 4202.92.90 
4202.22.15 .......................................................... 4202.32.80 ................................................. ....... 4202.99.90 
4202.22.40 .......................................................... 4202.32.95 ................................................. ....... 4203.29.50 
4202.22.45 .......................................................... 4202.91.00 
5701.10.90 .......................................................... 5702.91.30 ................................................. ....... 5703.10.80 
5702.31.20 .......................................................... 5702.91.40 ................................................. ....... 5703.90.00 
5702.49.20 .......................................................... 5702.92.90 ................................................. ....... 5705.00.20 
5702.50.40 .......................................................... 5702.99.15 5702.50.59 .......................................................... 5703.10.20 
6117.10.60 .......................................................... 6214.20.00 ................................................. ....... 6217.10.85 
6117.80.85 .......................................................... 6214.40.00 ................................................. ....... 6301.90.00 
6214.10.10 .......................................................... 6214.90.00 ................................................. ....... 6308.00.00 
6214.10.20 .......................................................... 6216.00.80 
6504.00.90 .......................................................... 6505.00.30 ................................................. ....... 6505.00.90 
6505.00.08 .......................................................... 6505.00.40 ................................................. ....... 6506.99.30 
6505.00.15 .......................................................... 6505.00.50 ................................................. ....... 6506.99.60 
6505.00.20 .......................................................... 6505.00.60 6505.00.25 .......................................................... 6505.00.80 
(iv) the President determines, after receiving 
the advice of the United States International Trade Commission in accordance with section 503(e) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463(e)), that the article is not import-sensitive in the context of imports from Nepal; and 
(v) subject to subparagraph (C), the sum of 
the cost or value of the materials produced in, 
and the direct costs of processing operations performed in, Nepal or the customs territory of the United States is not less than 35 percent of 
the appraised value of the article at the time it is entered. 
(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—An article shall not be 
treated as the growth, product, or manufacture of Nepal for purposes of subparagraph (A)(i)(I) by virtue of having merely undergone— 
(i) simple combining or packaging operations; 
or (ii) mere dilution with water or mere dilution 
with another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of the article. 
(C) L
IMITATION ON UNITED STATES COST .—For 
purposes of subparagraph (A)(v), the cost or value of materials produced in, and the direct costs of processing operations performed in, the customs territory of the United States and at-
tributed to the 35-percent requirement under that subparagraph may not exceed 15 percent of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9153 December 9, 2015 
the appraised value of the article at the time it 
is entered. 
(3) V ERIFICATION WITH RESPECT TO TRANS -
SHIPMENT FOR TEXTILE AND APPAREL ARTI -
CLES.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 
April 1, July 1, and October 1 of each calendar year, the Commissioner shall verify that textile and apparel articles imported from Nepal to which preferential treatment is extended under this section are not being unlawfully trans-shipped into the United States. 
(B) R
EPORT TO PRESIDENT .—If the Commis-
sioner determines under subparagraph (A) that textile and apparel articles imported from Nepal to which preferential treatment is extended under this section are being unlawfully trans-shipped into the United States, the Commis-sioner shall report that determination to the President. 
(d) T
RADE FACILITATION AND CAPACITY  
BUILDING .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(A) As a land-locked least-developed country, 
Nepal has severe challenges reaching markets and developing capacity to export goods. As of 2015, exports from Nepal are approximately $800,000,000 per year, with India the major mar-ket at $450,000,000 annually. The United States imports about $80,000,000 worth of goods from Nepal, or 10 percent of the total goods exported from Nepal. 
(B) The World Bank has found evidence that 
the overall export competitiveness of Nepal has been declining since 2005. Indices compiled by the World Bank and the Organization for Eco-nomic Co-operation and Development found that export costs in Nepal are high with respect to both air cargo and container shipments rel-ative to other low-income countries. Such indi-ces also identify particular weaknesses in Nepal with respect to automation of customs and other trade functions, involvement of local exporters and importers in preparing regulations and trade rules, and export finance. 
(C) Implementation by Nepal of the Agreement 
on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Orga-nization could directly address some of the weaknesses described in subparagraph (B). 
(2) E
STABLISHMENT OF TRADE FACILITATION  
AND CAPACITY BUILDING PROGRAM .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall, in consultation with the Government of Nepal, establish a trade facilitation and capacity building program for Nepal— 
(A) to enhance the central export promotion 
agency of Nepal to support successful exporters and to build awareness among potential export-ers in Nepal about opportunities abroad and ways to manage trade documentation and regu-lations in the United States and other countries; 
(B) to provide export finance training for fi-
nancial institutions in Nepal and the Govern-ment of Nepal; 
(C) to assist the Government of Nepal in main-
taining publication on the Internet of all trade regulations, forms for exporters and importers, tax and tariff rates, and other documentation relating to exporting goods and developing a ro-bust public-private dialogue, through its Na-tional Trade Facilitation Committee, for Nepal to identify timelines for implementation of key reforms and solutions, as provided for under the Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Organization; and 
(D) to increase access to guides for importers 
and exporters, through publication of such guides on the Internet, including rules and doc-umentation for United States tariff preference programs. 
(e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall monitor, review, and report to Congress on the implementation of this section, the compli-ance of Nepal with subsection (b)(1), and the trade and investment policy of the United States 
with respect to Nepal. 
(f) T
ERMINATION OF PREFERENTIAL TREAT-
MENT .—No preferential treatment extended 
under this section shall remain in effect after December 31, 2025. 
(g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The provisions of this 
section shall take effect on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 916. AGREEMENT BY ASIA-PACIFIC ECO-
NOMIC COOPERATION MEMBERS TO REDUCE RATES OF DUTY ON CER-TAIN ENVIRONMENTAL GOODS. 
Section 107 of the Bipartisan Congressional 
Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–26; 19 U.S.C. 4206) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) A
GREEMENT BY ASIA-PACIFIC ECONOMIC  
COOPERATION MEMBERS TO REDUCE RATES OF  
DUTY ON CERTAIN ENVIRONMENTAL GOODS.— 
Notwithstanding the notification requirement described in section 103(a)(2), the President may exercise the proclamation authority provided for in section 103(a)(1)(B) to implement an agree-ment by members of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) to reduce any rate of duty on certain environmental goods included in Annex C of the APEC Leaders Declaration issued on September 9, 2012, if (and only if) the President, as soon as feasible after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and before exer-cising proclamation authority under section 103(a)(1)(B), notifies Congress of the negotia-tions relating to the agreement and the specific United States objectives in the negotiations.’’. 
SEC. 917. AMENDMENT TO TARIFF ACT OF 1930 TO 
REQUIRE COUNTRY OF ORIGIN MARKING OF CERTAIN CASTINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304(e) of the Tariff 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1304(e)) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘MANHOLE RINGS OR FRAMES , COVERS , ANDAS-
SEMBLIES THEREOF ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ASTINGS ’’; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘inlet frames, tree and trench 
grates, lampposts, lamppost bases, cast utility poles, bollards, hydrants, utility boxes,’’ before ‘‘manhole rings,’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end before the period the 
following: ‘‘in a location such that it will re-main visible after installation’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to the importation of castings described in such amendments on or after the date that is 180 days after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 918. INCLUSION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION 
IN SUBMISSION OF NOMINATION FOR APPOINTMENT AS DEPUTY UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENT-ATIVE. 
Section 141(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2171(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5)(A) When the President submits to the 
Senate for its advice and consent a nomination of an individual for appointment as a Deputy United States Trade Representative under para-graph (2), the President shall include in that submission information on the country, regional offices, and functions of the Office of the United States Trade Representative with respect to which that individual will have responsibility. 
‘‘(B) The President shall notify the Committee 
on Ways and Means of the House of Represent-atives and the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate not less than 30 days prior to making any change to the responsibilities of any Deputy United States Trade Representative included in a submission under subparagraph (A), including the reason for that change.’’. 
SEC. 919. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE NEED 
FOR A MISCELLANEOUS TARIFF BILL PROCESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) As of the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States imposes duties on imported goods for 
which there is no domestic availability or insuf-ficient domestic availability. 
(2) The imposition of duties on such goods cre-
ates artificial distortions in the economy of the United States that negatively affect United States manufacturers and consumers. 
(3) It would be in the interests of the United 
States if the Harmonized Tariff Schedule were updated regularly and predictably to eliminate such artificial distortions by suspending or re-ducing duties on such goods. 
(4) The manufacturing competitiveness of the 
United States around the world would be en-hanced if the Harmonized Tariff Schedule were updated regularly and predictably to suspend or reduce duties on such goods. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that, to remove the competitive dis-advantage to United States manufacturers and consumers resulting from the imposition of such duties and to promote the competitiveness of United States manufacturers, the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives are urged to advance, as soon as possible, after consultation with the public and Members of the Senate and the House of Representatives, a regular and predictable legislative process for the temporary suspension and reduction of du-ties that is consistent with the rules of the Sen-ate and the House. 
SEC. 920. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘July 7, 
2025’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’; and 
(2) by striking subparagraph (D). 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States–Korea 
Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘June 30, 2025’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2025’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 921. INCREASE IN PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO 
FILE RETURN OF TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6651(a) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘$135’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘$205’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 6651(i) 
of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘$135’’ and inserting ‘‘$205’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall apply to returns required to be filed in calendar years after 2015. 
SEC. 922. PERMANENT MORATORIUM ON INTER-
NET ACCESS TAXES AND ON MUL-TIPLE AND DISCRIMINATORY TAXES ON ELECTRONIC COMMERCE. 
(a) P ERMANENT MORATORIUM .—Section 
1101(a) of the Internet Tax Freedom Act (47 U.S.C. 151 note) is amended by striking ‘‘during the period beginning November 1, 2003, and end-ing October 1, 2015’’. 
(b) T
EMPORARY EXTENSION .—Section 
1104(a)(2)(A) of the Internet Tax Freedom Act (47 U.S.C. 151 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Oc-tober 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2020’’. 
And the House agree to the same. 
KEVIN BRADY , 
DAVID REICHERT , 
PATTIBERI , 
Managers on the Part of the House. 
ORRIN HATCH , 
JOHNCORNYN , 
JOHNTHUNE , 
JOHNNY ISAKSON , 
RONWYDEN , 
DEBBIE STABENOW , 
Managers on the Part of the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.002 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9154 December 9, 2015 
JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT OF 
THE COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE 
The managers on the part of the House and 
the Senate at the conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 644), to reau-thorize trade facilitation and trade enforce-ment functions and activities, and for other purposes, submit the following joint state-ment to the House and the Senate in expla-nation of the effect of the action agreed upon by the managers and recommended in the ac-companying conference report: 
The Senate amendment struck all of the 
House bill after the enacting clause and in-serted a substitute text. 
The House amendment struck all of the 
Senate amendment after the enacting clause and inserted a substitute text. 
The Senate recedes from its disagreement 
to the amendment of the House with an amendment that is a substitute for the House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. The differences between the Senate amendment, the House amendment, and the substitute agreed to in conference are noted below, except for clerical corrections, con-forming changes made necessary by agree-ments reached by the conferees, and minor drafting and clarifying changes. 
DIVISION A—TRADE FACILITATION AND 
TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
T
ITLE I—T RADE FACILITATION AND TRADE  
ENFORCEMENT  
SECTION 101 . IMPROVING PARTNERSHIP  
PROGRAMS  
Present Law 
The Customs-Trade Partnership Against 
Terrorism (C–TPAT), codified in the Secu-rity and Accountability for Every Port Act (SAFE Port Act) of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.), is a voluntary trade partnership program in which Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and members of the trade community work together to secure and facilitate the move-ment of legitimate trade. Companies that are members of C–TPAT are considered low- risk, which expedites cargo clearance based on the company’s security profile and com-pliance history. 
House Amendment 
Section 101 requires the Commissioner of 
CBP to work with the private sector and other Federal agencies to ensure that all CBP partnership programs provide trade ben-efits to participants. This would apply to partnership programs established before en-actment of this bill, and any programs estab-lished after enactment. It establishes ele-ments for the development and operation of any such partnership programs, which re-quire the Commissioner to: 1) consult with private sector entities, the public, and other Federal agencies when appropriate, to ensure that participants receive commercially sig-nificant and measurable trade benefits; 2) en-sure an integrated and transparent system of trade benefits and compliance requirements for all CBP partnership programs; 3) consider consolidating partnership programs in situa-tions in which doing so would support the objectives of such programs, increase par-ticipation, enhance trade benefits, and en-hance the allocation of resources of CBP; 4) coordinate with the Director of ICE, and other Federal agencies with authority to de-tain and release merchandise; and 5) ensure that trade benefits are provided to partici-pants in partnership programs. 
It further requires the Commissioner to 
submit to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report that: 1) identifies 
each partnership program; 2) for each pro-gram, identifies the requirements for partici-pation, benefits provided to participants, the number of participants, and in the case of a program that provides for participation at multiple tiers, the number of participants at each such tier; 3) identifies the number of participants enrolled in more than one pro-gram; 4) assesses the effectiveness of each program in advancing the security, trade en-forcement, and trade facilitation missions of CBP; 5) summarizes CBP’s efforts to work with other Federal agencies to detain and re-lease merchandise entering the United States to ensure that partnership programs of those agencies are compatible with CBP partnership programs; 6) summarizes criteria developed with those agencies for author-izing the release, on an expedited basis, of merchandise for which documentation is re-quired from one or more of those agencies to clear or license the merchandise for entry into the United States; 7) summarizes CBP efforts to work with the private sector and the public to develop partnership programs; 8) describes measures taken by CBP to make the private sector aware of trade benefits available to participants in partnership pro-grams; and 9) summarizes CBP’s plans, tar-gets, and goals with respect to partnership programs for the two years following submis-sion of the report. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 101 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 101 of the House amend-ment with the exception of a difference in the recipients of the report required in this section. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment. 
SECTION 102 . REPORT ON EFFECTIVENESS OF  
TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 102(a) requires the Comptroller 
General of the United States to submit a re-port on the effectiveness of trade enforce-ment activities of CBP to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives, no later than one year after the date of enact-ment of the bill. 
Section 102(b) establishes that the report 
shall include: 1) a description of the use of resources, results of audits and verifications, targeting, organization, and training of CBP personnel; and 2) a description of trade en-forcement activities to address undervalu-ation, transshipment, legitimacy of entities making entry, protection of revenue, fraud prevention and detection, and penalties, in-cluding intentional misclassification, inad-equate bonding, and other misrepresenta-tions. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 102 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 102 of the House amend-ment with the exception of the following provisions. In addition to the reporting re-quirements in section 102(b) of the House amendment, the Senate amendment requires a description of trade enforcement activities with respect to the priority trade issues, in-cluding methodologies used in such enforce-ment of actives, recommendations for im-proving such enforcement activities, and a description of the implementation of pre-vious recommendations for improving such enforcement activities. The amendments also differ in the recipients of the required 
report. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment with a modification. The Conferees agree to modify section 102(a) of the Senate amendment to include the Com-mittee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives as recipients of the required re-port. 
SECTION 103 . PRIORITIES AND PERFORMANCE  
STANDARDS FOR CUSTOMS MODERNIZATION , 
TRADE FACILITATION , AND TRADE ENFORCE -
MENT FUNCTIONS AND PROGRAMS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 103(a) directs the Commissioner of 
Customs to consult with the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives to es-tablish priorities and performance standards to measure the development and levels of achievement of the customs modernization, trade facilitation, and trade enforcement functions of the programs described in sec-tion 103(b). The amendment requires that the priorities and performance standards shall, at a minimum, include priorities and per-formance standards relating to efficiency, outcome, output, and other types of applica-ble measures. 
Section 103(b) establishes the functions and 
programs to which section 103(a) applies: 1) the Automated Commercial Environment; 2) each of the priority trade issues described in section 111(a) of the House amendment (sec-tion 117 of the conference report); 3) the Cen-ters of Excellence and Expertise; 4) draw-back; 5) transactions relating to imported merchandise in bond; 6) the collection of antidumping and countervailing duties as-sessed; 7) the expedited clearance of cargo; 8) the issuance of regulations and rulings; and 9) the issuance of Regulatory Audit Reports. 
Section 103(c) requires that the consulta-
tions with the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives occur, at a minimum, on an annual basis, and requires the Commissioner to notify the Committees of any changes to the priorities referred to in section 103(a) no later than 30 days before such changes are to take effect. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 103 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 103 of the House amend-ment with the exception of a difference in the recipients of the report and consulta-tions required in this section. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment. 
SECTION 104 . EDUCATIONAL SEMINARS TO IM -
PROVE EFFORTS TO CLASSIFY AND APPRAISE  
IMPORTED ARTICLES TO IMPROVE TRADE EN -
FORCEMENT EFFORTS , AND TO OTHERWISE FA -
CILITATE LEGITIMATE INTERNATIONAL TRADE  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 104(a) requires the Commissioner 
of CBP and the Director of ICE to establish and carry out educational seminars for CBP 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.004 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9155 December 9, 2015 
port personnel and ICE agents to improve 
their ability to classify and appraise im-ported articles, improve trade enforcement efforts, and otherwise improve the ability and effectiveness of CBP and ICE to facili-tate legitimate trade. 
Section 104(b) establishes that these semi-
nars shall include instruction on conducting physical inspections of articles, including testing of samples; reviewing the manifest and accompanying documentation to deter-mine country of origin; customs valuation; industry supply chains; collection of anti-dumping and countervailing duties; address-ing evasion of duties on imports of textiles; protection of intellectual property rights; and the enforcement of child labor laws. 
Section 104(c) directs the Commissioner to 
establish a process to solicit, evaluate and select interested parties in the private sector to assist in providing instruction. 
Section 104(d) directs the Commissioner to 
give special consideration to carrying out educational seminars dedicated to improving the ability of CBP to enforce antidumping and countervailing duty orders upon the re-quest of a petitioner. 
Section 104(e) requires the Commissioner 
and the Director to establish performance standards to measure the development and level of achievement of educational seminars under this section. 
Section 104(f) requires the Commissioner 
and the Director to submit an annual report to the Committee on Finance and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives on the effectiveness of the educational seminars. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 104 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 104 of the House amend-ment except for a difference in the recipients of the report required in this section. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment. 
SECTION 105 . JOINT STRATEGIC PLAN  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 105(a) requires the Commissioner 
of CBP and the Director of ICE to create and submit to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a biennial joint strategic plan on trade facilitation and trade enforce-ment. 
Section 105(b) requires the joint strategic 
plan to contain a comprehensive plan for trade facilitation and trade enforcement that includes: 1) a summary of the actions taken during the 2-year period preceding submission of the plan to improve trade fa-cilitation and trade enforcement; 2) a state-ment of objectives and plans for further im-proving trade facilitation and trade enforce-ment; 3) a specific identification of priority trade issues that can be addressed to en-hance trade enforcement and trade facilita-tion; 4) a description of efforts made to im-prove consultation and coordination among and within Federal agencies; 5) a description of training that has occurred within CBP and ICE to improve trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 6) a description of efforts to work with the World Customs Organization and other international organizations with respect to enhancing trade facilitation and trade enforcement; 7) a description of CBP organizational benchmarks for optimizing 
staffing and wait times at ports of entry; 8) a specific identification of any domestic or international best practices that may fur-ther improve trade enforcement and trade fa-cilitation; 9) any legislative recommenda-tions to further improve trade facilitation and trade enforcements; and 10) a description of efforts to improve consultation and co-ordination with the private sector to en-hance trade facilitation and trade enforce-ment. 
Section 105(c) requires the Commissioner 
and the Director to consult with the appro-priate Federal agencies and appropriate offi-cials from relevant law enforcement agen-cies, international organizations, and inter-ested parties in the private sector. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 105 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 105 of the House amend-ment with exception the following provi-sions. In addition to the reporting require-ments contained in section 105(b) of the House amendment, the Senate amendment requires a description of trade enforcement activities with respect to priority trade issues, including methodologies used in en-forcement activities, recommendations for improving enforcement activities, and a de-scription of the implementation of previous recommendations for improving enforcement activities. The amendments also differ in the recipients of the required report. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment with a modification. The Conferees agree to modify section 105(a) to include the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives as recipients of the required joint strategic plan. 
SECTION 106 . AUTOMATED COMMERCIAL  
ENVIRONMENT  
Present Law 
Section 411 of the Tariff Act of 1930 re-
quires the Secretary of Treasury to establish the National Customs Automation Program, an automated and electronic system for processing commercial importations. 
Section 13031(f)(4)(B) of the Consolidated 
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 provides an authorization for appropriations from the Customs Commercial and Home-land Security Automation Account in fiscal years 2003 through 2005 such amounts as are available in that Account for the develop-ment, establishment, and implementation of the Automated Commercial Environment (ACE) computer system for the processing of merchandise that is entered or released and for other purposes related to the functions of the Department of Homeland Security. 
Section 311(b)(3) of the Customs Border Se-
curity Act of 2002 requires the Commissioner of Customs to prepare and submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate a report demonstrating that the development and establishment of the Automated Commercial Environment computer system is being carried out in a cost-effective manner and meets the mod-ernization requirements of title VI of the North American Free Trade Agreement Im-plementation Act. 
House Amendment 
Section 106(a) amends section 13031(f)(4)(B) 
of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Rec-onciliation Act of 1985 to update fiscal years 2003 through 2005 to fiscal years 2016 through 2018, to update the amount to be allocated to ACE to ‘‘not less than $153,736,000,’’ and to 
make clear that these funds shall be used to complete the development and implementa-tion of ACE. 
Section 106(b) amends section 311(b)(3) of 
the Customs Border Security Act of 2002 to require two reports from the Commissioner in regards to ACE. The Commissioner is re-quired to submit a report no later than De-cember 31, 2016, to the Senate Appropriations Committee and Finance Committee, and the House of Representatives Appropriations Committee and Ways and Means Committee, updates on the implementation of ACE, in-corporation of all core trade processing capa-bilities, components that have not been im-plemented, and additional components need-ed to realize the full implementation and op-
eration of the program. The Commissioner is required to submit a second report no later than September 30, 2017, providing updates to the relevant Congressional committees from the prior report, as well as evaluations on the effectiveness of implementation of ACE and details of the percentage of trade proc-essed in ACE every month since September 30, 2016. 
Section 106(c) directs the Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States to submit a report to the Senate Appropriations Committee and Finance Committee, and House of Represent-atives Appropriations Committee and Ways and Means Committee, assessing the progress of other Federal agencies in access-ing and utilizing ACE and identifying poten-tial cost savings to the U.S. government, im-porters, and exporters upon full implementa-tion and utilization of ACE. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 106 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 106 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 107 . INTERNATIONAL TRADE DATA  
SYSTEM  
Present Law 
Section 411(d) of the Tariff Act of 1930 re-
quires the Secretary of the Treasury to over-see the establishment of an electronic trade data interchange system, known as the International Trade Data System (ITDS). It further requires ITDS to be implemented no later than the date that ACE is fully imple-mented and mandates the participation of all federal agencies that require documentation for clearing or licensing cargo imports or ex-ports. 
House Amendment 
Section 107 amends section 411(d) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to work with the head of each Federal agency participating in ITDS and the Interagency Steering Committee to ensure that each agency: 1) develops and maintains the necessary information tech-nology infrastructure to support the oper-ation of ITDS and to submit all data to ITDS electronically; 2) enters into a memorandum of understanding to provide information sharing between the agency and CBP for the operation and maintenance of ITDS; 3) iden-tifies and transmits admissibility criteria and data elements required by the agency to authorize the release of cargo by CBP for in-corporation into ACE, no later than June 30, 2016; and 4) utilizes ITDS as the primary means of receiving the standard set of data and other relevant documentation from users, no later than December 31, 2016. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 107 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 107 of the House amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.005 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9156 December 9, 2015 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 108 . CONSULTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO  
MUTUAL RECOGNITION ARRANGEMENTS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 108(a) requires the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to consult with the Com-mittee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives at least thirty days before the initiation of mutual recognition arrange-ment negotiations and at least thirty days before entering into any mutual recognition arrangement. 
Section 108(b) requires that the United 
States have as a negotiating objective in any negotiation for a mutual recognition ar-rangement with a foreign country on part-nership programs to seek to ensure the com-patibility of the foreign country’s partner-ship program with the partnership programs of CBP in order to enhance security, trade facilitation, and trade enforcement. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 108 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 108 of the House bill, ex-cept that the Senate amendment does not in-clude as a negotiating objective an enhance-ment of security when CBP seeks to ensure the compatibility of partnership programs of foreign countries. The amendments also dif-fer in the recipients of the required report. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment. 
SECTION 109 . COMMERCIAL CUSTOMS OPERATIONS  
ADVISORY COMMITTEE  
Present Law 
The Advisory Committee on Commercial 
Operations (COAC) of the United States Cus-toms Service was established in the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987. The De-partment of the Treasury Order No. 100–16, effective May 23, 2003, specified that COAC would be administered jointly by the Depart-ment of the Treasury and Department of Homeland Security. 
House Amendment 
Section 109(a) requires the Secretary of the 
Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to jointly establish a Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee (COAC). 
Section 109(b) requires that COAC be com-
prised of 20 appointed individuals from the private sector, appointed without regard to political affiliation; the Commissioner of CBP and the Assistant Secretary of Treasury for Tax Policy, who shall co-chair meetings; and the Assistant Secretary for Policy of the Department of Homeland Security and the ICE Director, who shall serve as deputy co- chairs of meetings. Section 109(b) further re-quires that appointed private sector individ-uals be representative of individuals and firms affected by the commercial operations of CBP, and provides that individuals may be appointed to multiple 3-year terms but can-not serve more than two terms sequentially. The Secretaries of the Treasury and Home-land Security are authorized to transfer members to the COAC who are currently serving on the Advisory Committee on Com-mercial Operations of the United States Cus-toms Service. 
Section 109(c) establishes the duties of 
COAC, which shall be to: 1) advise the Secre-taries of the Treasury and Homeland Secu-
rity on all matters involving the commercial operations of CBP and the investigations of ICE; 2) provide recommendations to the Sec-retaries on improvements that CBP and ICE should make to their commercial operations and investigations; 3) collaborate in devel-oping the agenda for COAC meetings; and 4) perform other functions relating to the com-mercial operations of CBP and the investiga-tions of ICE as prescribed by law or as di-rected by the Secretaries. 
Section 109(d) establishes that: 1) COAC 
shall meet at the call of the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, or two-thirds of the membership of COAC; 2) COAC shall meet at least four times each calendar year; and 3) that COAC meetings shall be open to the public unless the Secretary of the Treasury or the Sec-retary of Homeland Security determines that the meeting will include matters the disclosure of which would compromise the development of policies, priorities, or negoti-ating objectives or positions that could im-pact the commercial operations of CBP of the operations or investigations of ICE. 
Section 109(e) requires COAC to submit an 
annual report to the Senate Committee on Finance and the House Committee on Ways and Means that describes the activities of COAC during the preceding fiscal year and sets forth any recommendations of COAC re-garding the commercial operations of CBP. 
Section 109(f) establishes that section 
14(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), relating to the termi-nation of advisory committees, shall not apply to COAC. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 109 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 109 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment with a modification. The Conferees have agreed to strike Section 109(d)(2). The Conferees believe that COAC meetings should normally be open to the public. The Conferees recognize the need to close COAC meetings, in portion or in whole, when a meeting will include matters the disclosure of which would compromise the development of policies, priorities, or negotiating objec-tives or positions that could impact the op-erations of CBP or the operations or inves-tigations of ICE. The Conferees agree, how-ever, that the current procedures in the Fed-eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) are sufficient to close COAC meetings, in portion or in whole, when necessary. 
SECTION 110 . CENTERS FOR EXCELLENCE AND  
EXPERTISE  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 110(a) requires the Commissioner 
to develop and implement, in consultation with the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the COAC established by section 109(a), Centers of Excellence and Expertise (CEE) throughout CBP that: 1) en-hance the economic competitiveness of the United States; 2) improve enforcement ef-forts; 3) build upon CBP expertise in par-ticular industry operations, supply chains, and compliance requirements; 4) promote the uniform implementation at each port of entry of policies and regulations relating to imports; 5) centralize the trade enforcement and trade facilitation efforts of CBP; 6) for-
malize an account-based approach to the im-portation of merchandise into the United States; 7) foster partnerships through the ex-pansion of trade programs and other trusted trader programs; 8) develop applicable per-formance measures to meet internal effi-ciency and effectiveness goals; and 9) when feasible, facilitate a more efficient flow of information between Federal agencies. 
Section 110(b) requires the Commissioner 
to submit a report to the Committee on Fi-nance and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives no later than December 31, 2016 describing the scope, func-tions and structure of the CEEs; the effec-tiveness of the CEEs in improving enforce-ment efforts; the benefits to the trade com-munity; applicable performance measure-ments; the performance of each CEE in fa-cilitating trade; and any planned changes to the CEEs. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 110 of the Senate amendment is 
similar to section 110 of the House amend-ment except the House amendment requires the CEEs to use targeting information from the National Targeting Center at CBP, while the Senate amendment requires the CEEs to use targeting information from the Commer-cial Targeting Division established in the amendment. The amendments also differ in the recipients of the required report. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment. 
SECTION 111 . COMMERCIAL RISK ASSESSMENT  
TARGETING AND TRADE ALERTS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 111(a) requires National Targeting 
Center (NTC) to establish methodologies for assessing the risk that imports may violate U.S. customs and trade laws and to issue trade alerts when the NTC determines cargo may violate such laws; assess the risk of cargo based on all information available to CBP through the Automated Targeting Sys-tem, ACE, the Automated Entry System, ITDS, and TECS (formerly known as the ‘‘Treasury Enforcement Communications System’’) or any successor systems, publicly available information, and information made available to the NTC by private sector enti-ties; and, provide for the receipt and trans-mission to appropriate CBP offices of allega-tions from interested parties in the private sector of violations of the customs and trade laws of the United States relating to the pri-ority trade issues described in section 111(a) of the House amendment (section 117 of the conference report). 
Section 111(b) authorizes the Executive Di-
rector of the NTC to issue trade alerts to port directors when such person determines cargo may violate U.S. customs and trade laws. The trade alert may direct further in-spection or physical examination or testing of specific merchandise by the port per-sonnel. A port director may determine not to carry out the direction of the trade alerts if the port director finds security interests jus-tify such determination, and the port direc-tor notifies the Assistant Commissioner of the Office of Field Operations of such deter-mination. The Assistant Commissioner of the Office of Field Operations must compile an annual report of all determinations by port directors to not implement trade alerts and include an evaluation of the utilization of trade alerts. This report must be sub-mitted to Committee on Finance and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.006 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9157 December 9, 2015 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives not later than December 31 each year. Section 111(b) further defines ‘‘in-spection’’ as the comprehensive evaluation process used by CBP, other than physical ex-amination or testing, to permit the entry of merchandise into the United States, or the clearance of merchandise for transportation in bond through the United States for the purposes of assessing duties, identifying re-stricted or prohibited items, and ensuring compliance with all applicable customs and trade laws and regulations administered by CBP. 
Section 111(c) amends section 343(a)(3)(F) 
of the Trade Act of 2002 to establish that the information collected pursuant to regula-tions shall be used exclusively for ensuring cargo safety and security, prevent smug-gling, and commercial risk assessment tar-geting, and shall not be used for any com-mercial enforcement purposes, including for determining merchandise entry. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 111(a) of the Senate amendment es-
tablishes a Commercial Targeting Division (CTD) at CBP by amending section 2(d) of the Act of March 3, 1927 (19 U.S.C. 2072(d)). The section requires the Secretary of Home-land Security to establish and maintain a Commercial Targeting Division (CTD) within CBP’s Office of International Trade at CBP. The CTD shall be comprised of headquarters staff led by an Executive Director, and indi-vidual National Targeting and Analysis Groups (NTAGs) led by Directors reporting to the Executive Director. The CTD shall de-velop and conduct commercial targeting with respect to cargo destined for the United States and issue trade alerts. 
Section 111(a) requires the establishment 
of an NTAG for, at a minimum, each of the following priority trade issues (PTIs): 1) ag-ricultural programs; 2) antidumping and countervailing duties; 3) import safety; 4) in-tellectual property rights; 5) revenue; 6) tex-tiles and wearing apparel; and 7) trade agree-ments and preference programs. The Com-missioner may alter the PTIs in consultation with the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
The duties of each NTAG include: 1) direct-
ing the trade enforcement and compliance assessment activities of CBP as they relate to the each NTAG’s PTI; 2) facilitating, pro-moting, and coordinating cooperation and the exchange of information between CBP, ICE, and other relevant Federal departments and agencies regarding each NTAG’s PTI; and 3) serving as the primary liaison between CBP and the public regarding United States Government activities related to each NTAG’s PTI. 
Section 111(a) also requires the CTD to es-
tablish methodologies for assessing the risk that cargo destined for the United States may violate U.S. customs and trade laws and for issuing Trade Alerts. The CTD should as-sess the risk of cargo based on all informa-tion available to CBP through the Auto-mated Targeting System, ACE, the Auto-mated Commercial System, the Automated Export System, ITDS, and TECS (formerly known as the ‘‘Treasury Enforcement Com-munications System’’), the case manage-ment system of ICE or any successor sys-tems, and publicly available information. The CTD should also use information pro-vided by private sector entities and coordi-nate targeting efforts with other Federal agencies. 
The section authorizes the CTD Executive 
Director and NTAG Directors to issue Trade Alerts to port directors to ensure compliance 
with U.S. customs and trade laws. The Trade Alert may direct further inspection or phys-ical examination or testing of merchandise by port personnel if certain risk-assessment thresholds are met. A port director may de-termine not to carry out the direction of the Trade Alerts if the port director finds such a determination is justified by security inter-ests and the port director notifies the Assist-ant Commissioners of the Office of Field Op-erations and the Office of International Trade of such a determination. The Assist-ant Commissioner of the Office of Field Op-erations must compile an annual report of all determinations by port directors to over-ride Trade Alerts and evaluate the utiliza-tion of Trade Alerts. 
Section 111(b) amends section 343(a)(3)(F) 
of the Trade Act of 2002 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note), to indicate that information collected pursu-ant to the regulations shall be used exclu-sively for ensuring cargo safety and security, preventing smuggling, and commercial risk assessment targeting, and shall not be used for any commercial enforcement purposes, including for determining merchandise entry. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment with modifications. It re-quires the NTC to coordinate with the CBP Office of Trade, as appropriate, in carrying out its duties under this section and to no-tify each interested party in the private sec-tor that has submitted an allegation of any violation of the customs and trade laws of the United States or any civil or criminal ac-tion taken by CBP or any other agency re-sulting from the allegation. It also provides that the first report under Section 111(b)(3) is due December 31, 2016. 
SECTION 112 . REPORT ON OVERSIGHT OF REVENUE  
PROTECTION AND ENFORCEMENT MEASURES  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 112(a) requires the Inspector Gen-
eral of the Department of the Treasury to submit a report, not later than March 31, 2016 and biennially thereafter, to the Senate Committee on Finance and the House Com-mittee on Ways and Means that assesses the effectives of the measures taken by CBP with respect to protection of the revenue and to measure accountability and performance with respect to protection of the revenue. 
Section 112(b) establishes that each report 
required by section 112(a) shall cover the pe-riod of two fiscal years ending on September 30 of the calendar year preceding the submis-sion of the report. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 112 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 112 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment except that it provides an additional three months for the issuance of the first re-port required under Section 112(a). 
SECTION 113 . REPORT ON SECURITY AND REVENUE  
MEASURES WITH RESPECT TO MERCHANDISE  
TRANSPORTED IN BOND  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 113(a) requires the Secretaries of 
Homeland Security and the Treasury to jointly submit a report to the Senate Com-mittee on Finance and the House Committee on Ways and Means on efforts undertaken by CBP to ensure the secure transportation of merchandise in bond through the United 
States and the collection of revenue owed upon the entry of such merchandise into the United States for consumption. The report must be submitted no later than December 31 of 2016, 2017, and 2018. 
Section 113(b) requires that each report re-
quired by section 113(a) shall include infor-mation on: 1) the overall number of entries of merchandise for transportation in bond through the United States; 2) the ports at which merchandise arrives in the United States for transportation in bond and at which records of arrival of such merchandise are generated; 3) the average time taken to reconcile such records with the records at the final destination of merchandise in the United States to demonstrate that the mer-chandise reaches its final destination or is re-exported; 4) the average time taken to transport merchandise in bond from the port at which the merchandise arrives in the United States to its final destination in the United States; 5) the total amount of duties, taxes, and fees owed with respect to ship-ments of merchandise transported in bond and the total of such duties, taxes, and fees paid; 6) the total number of notifications by carriers of merchandise being transported in bond that the destination of merchandise has changed; and 7) the number of entries that remain unreconciled. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 113 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 113 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 114 . IMPORTER OF RECORD PROGRAM  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 114(a) requires the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to establish an importer of record program to assign and maintain importer of record numbers. 
Section 114(b) requires the Secretary to en-
sure that CBP develops criteria that import-ers must meet in order to obtain an importer of record number, provides a process by which importers are assigned importer of record numbers, maintains a centralized database of importer of record numbers, evaluates and maintains accuracy of the database if importer information changes, and takes measures to ensure that duplicate importer of record numbers are not issued. 
Section 114(c) requires the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to submit a report to the Senate Committee on Finance and the House Committee on Ways and Means on the estab-lishment of the importer of record program no later than one year after enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 114 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 114 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 115 . ESTABLISHMENT OF IMPORTER RISK  
ASSESSMENT PROGRAM  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 115(a) requires the Commissioner 
to establish a new importer program that di-rects CBP to adjust bond amounts for new 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.008 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9158 December 9, 2015 
importers based on the level of risk assessed 
by CBP for revenue protection. 
In establishing this program, section 115(b) 
requires CBP to: 1) develop risk-based cri-teria to assess new importers; 2) develop risk assessment guidelines for new importers to determine if and to what extent to adjust the bond amounts and increase screening of im-ports of new importers; 3) develop procedures to ensure increased oversight of imported products of new importers relating to the en-forcement of priority trade issues; 4) develop procedures to ensure increased oversight by Centers of Excellence and Expertise; and 5) establish a centralized database of new im-porters to ensure the accuracy of informa-tion provided by new importers pursuant to the requirements of this section. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 115 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 115 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment except that the Commissioner is re-quired to establish a program that directs CBP to adjust bond amounts for importers, including new importers and non-resident importers, based on the level of risk assessed by CBP for revenue protection. 
In establishing this program, CBP is re-
quired to: 1) develop risk-based guidelines to determine if and to what extent to adjust bond amounts and screen imported products of importers, including new and non-resident importers; 2) develop procedures to ensure increased oversight of imported products of new importers, including new non-resident importers, relating to the enforcement of the priority trade issues; 3) develop procedures to ensure increased oversight of imported products of new importers, including new non-resident importers, by Centers of Excel-lence and Expertise; and 4) establish a cen-tralized database of new importers, including new non-resident importers, to ensure the accuracy of information provided by such importers pursuant to the requirements of this section. The requirements of this sec-tion shall not apply to any importer that is a validated Tier 2 or Tier 3 participant in the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Ter-rorism program established under subtitle B of title II of the SAFE Port Act (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.). 
No later than two years after the enact-
ment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Treasury shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report detailing: 1) the risk assessment guidelines required by this section; 2) the procedures developed to ensure increased oversight of imported prod-ucts of new importers, including new non- resident importers, relating to the enforce-ment of priority trade issues; 3) the proce-dures developed to ensure increased over-sight of imported products of new importers, including new non-resident importers, by Centers of Excellence and Expertise; and 4) 
the number of bonds adjusted based on the risk assessment guidelines required by this section. 
SECTION 116 . CUSTOMS BROKER IDENTIFICATION  
OF IMPORTERS  
Present Law 
Section 641 of the Tariff Act of 1930 estab-
lishes requirements and procedures for cus-toms brokers in acquiring a license or per-mit, disciplinary proceedings, and judicial appeals of revocation or suspension of a bro-ker’s license. 
House Amendment 
Section 116(a) amends section 641 of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 by inserting a new provi-sion that requires the Secretary of Homeland 
Security to prescribe regulations setting minimum standards for customs brokers and importers regarding the identity of the im-porter. The regulations shall, at a minimum, require customs brokers and importers, upon adequate notice, to comply with procedures for collecting the identity of importers, in-cluding nonresident importers, seeking to import merchandise into the United States, and maintain records of the information used to substantiate a person’s identity. This section further provides that a customs broker will be penalized, at the discretion of the Secretary, in an amount not exceeding $10,000 for each violation of the regulations concerning the collection and maintenance of importer’s identity and identifying infor-mation, and the broker’s license or permit will be subject to revocation or suspension, pursuant to procedures established in section 641(d) of the Tariff Act of 1930. 
Section 116(b) requires the Commissioner 
to submit a report to Congress no later than 180 days after enactment of this bill con-taining recommendations for determining the most timely and effective way to require foreign nationals to provide customs brokers with appropriate and accurate information (comparable to that which is required of United States nationals concerning the iden-tity, address and other related information), and for establishing a system for customs brokers to review information maintained by relevant Federal agencies for purposes of verifying the identities of importers, includ-ing nonresident importers, seeking to import merchandise into the United States. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment except that the regula-tions shall, at a minimum: 1) identify the in-formation that an importer, including a non-resident importer, must submit to a broker in order to verify the identity of the im-porter; 2) identify the reasonable procedures that a broker must perform to verify the au-thenticity of the information collected from the importer; and 3) require the broker to maintain records of the information col-lected to verify an importer’s identity. Fur-ther, the penalties required under this sec-tion shall be assessed in the same manner and under the same procedures as the mone-tary penalties provided for in 19 U.S.C. 1641(d)(2)(A). 
SECTION 117 . PRIORITY TRADE ISSUES  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 118(a) requires the Commissioner 
to establish the following as priority trade issues within CBP: 1) agriculture programs; 2) antidumping and countervailing duties; 3) import safety; 4) intellectual property rights; 5) revenue; 6) textiles and wearing ap-parel; and 7) trade agreements and pref-erence programs. 
Section 118(b) authorizes the Commis-
sioner to establish new priority trade issues and eliminate, consolidate or otherwise mod-ify them upon the determination that it is necessary and appropriate to do so with noti-fication to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives no later than 60 days before such changes are to take effect. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 111 of the Senate amendment in-
cludes a list of priority trade issues (PTI) that is the same as the PTIs identified in 
section 118 of the House amendment. The Senate amendment, however, requires notifi-cation by CBP not later than 30 days after the establishment of a new PTI. The amend-ments also differ in the recipients of the re-quired report. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and requires the Commis-sioner to notify the committees of 1) new PTIs no later than 30 days after the estab-lishment of the new PTI, and 2) a summary of proposals to eliminate, consolidate or oth-erwise modify existing PTIs no later than 60 days before such changes are to take effect. 
SECTION 118 . APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL  
COMMITTEES DEFINED  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 119 defines the term ‘‘appropriate 
congressional committees,’’ as used in title I of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015, as the Committee on Fi-nance and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment. 
T
ITLE II—I MPORT HEALTH AND SAFETY  
SECTION 201 . INTERAGENCY IMPORT SAFETY  
WORKING GROUP  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 201(a) establishes an Interagency 
Import Safety Working Group. 
Section 201(b) sets forth the membership of 
the Working Group and designates the Sec-retary of Homeland Security as the Chair and the Secretary of Health and Human Services as the Vice-Chair. The membership of the Working Group also shall include the Secretaries of the Treasury, Commerce and Agriculture; the United States Trade Rep-resentative; the Director of the Office of Management and Budget; the Commissioners of CBP and the Food and Drug Administra-tion; the Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission; the Director of ICE; and the head of any other Federal agency des-ignated by the President to participate. 
Section 201(c) requires the Working Group 
to 1) consult on the development of a joint import safety rapid response plan required under section 202; 2) evaluate federal govern-ment and agency resources, plans, and prac-tices to ensure the safety of U.S. imports and the expeditious entry of such merchandise; 3) review the engagement and cooperation of foreign governments and foreign manufac-turers; 4) identify best practices, in consulta-tion with the private sector, to assist U.S. importers in ensuring import health and safety of imported merchandise; 5) identify best practices to improve Federal, state, and local coordination in responding to import health and safety threats; and 6) identify ap-propriate steps to improve domestic ac-countability and foreign government engage-ment with respect to imports. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 201 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 201 of the House amend-
ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.009 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9159 December 9, 2015 
SECTION 202 . JOINT IMPORT SAFETY RAPID  
RESPONSE PLAN  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 202(a) requires the Secretary of 
Homeland Security, in consultation with the Working Group, to develop a joint import safety rapid response plan (the Plan) that es-tablishes protocols and practices CBP should use when responding to cargo that poses a threat to the health or safety of U.S. con-sumers. 
Section 202(b) sets forth the contents of 
the Plan, which must define 1) the authori-ties and responsibilities of CBP and other Federal agencies in responding to an import health or safety threat; 2) the protocols and practices used in responding to such threats; 3) the mitigation measures CBP and other agencies must take when responding to such threats after the incident to ensure the re-sumption of the entry of merchandise into the United States; and 4) exercises CBP should take with Federal, State, and local agencies as well as the private sector to sim-ulate responses to such threats. 
Section 202(c) requires the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to review and update the joint import safety rapid response plan, as appropriate, after conducting exercises under subsection (d). 
Section 202(d) requires the Commissioner, 
in conjunction with Federal, State, and local agencies, to conduct exercises to test and evaluate the Plan. When conducting exer-cises, the Commissioner must make allow-ances for the specific needs of the port where the exercise is occurring, base evaluations on current import risk assessments, and ensure that the exercises are conducted consistent with other national preparedness plans. The Secretary of Homeland Security and Com-missioner must ensure that the testing and evaluations use performance measures in order to identify best practices and rec-ommendations in responding to import health and safety threats and develop metrics with respect to the resumption of the entry of merchandise into the United States. Best practices and recommendations should then be shared among relevant stake-holders and incorporated into the Plan. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 202 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 202 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 203 . TRAINING  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 203 requires the Commissioner to 
ensure that CBP port personnel are trained to effectively enforce U.S. import health and safety laws. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 203 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 203 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
T
ITLE III—I MPORT -RELATED PROTECTION OF  
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS  
SECTION 301 . DEFINITION OF INTELLECTUAL  
PROPERTY RIGHTS  
Present Law 
No provision. House Amendment 
Section 301 defines ‘‘intellectual property 
rights,’’ as used in this title, as copyrights, trademarks, and other forms of intellectual property rights that are enforced by CBP and ICE. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 301 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 301 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 302 . EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION  
RELATED TO TRADE ENFORCEMENT  
Present Law 
Section 818(g) of the 2012 National Defense 
Authorization Act (NDAA) authorizes, but does not require, CBP to share unredacted images and samples with right holders if CBP suspects a product of infringing a trade-mark. 
House Amendment 
Section 302 amends the Tariff Act of 1930 to 
create section 628A, which requires CBP to share certain information about merchan-dise suspected of violating intellectual prop-erty rights (IPR) prior to seizure if CBP de-termines that examination or testing of the merchandise by the right holder would assist in determining if there is a violation, except in such cases as would compromise an ongo-ing law enforcement investigation or na-tional security. Section 302 supersedes sec-tion 818(g) of the 2012 NDAA. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 302 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 302 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 303 . SEIZURE OF CIRCUMVENTION  
DEVICES  
Present Law 
Section 596(c)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
specifies a number of items that are to be seized by CBP when presented for importa-tion, including ‘‘merchandise or packaging in which copyright, trademark, or trade name protection violations are involved.’’ 
House Amendment 
Section 303(a) expands CBP’s seizure and 
forfeiture authority to explicitly include un-lawful circumvention devices, as defined under subsection (a)(2) or (b)(1) of section 1201 of title 17, United States Code. 
Section 303(b) directs CBP to disclose cer-
tain information to right holders about the seized merchandise within 30 days of seizure, if the right holder is included on a list main-tained by CBP. The information that must be provided is the same information provided to copyright owners under CBP regulations for merchandise seized under copyright laws. CBP must prescribe regulations establishing procedures that implement this process within one year of the date of enactment of this bill. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 303 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 303 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. SECTION 304 . ENFORCEMENT BY U .S. CUSTOMS  
AND BORDER PROTECTION OF WORKS FOR  
WHICH A COPYRIGHT REGISTRATION IS PEND -
ING 
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 304 directs the Secretary of Home-
land Security to establish a process for the enforcement of copyrights for which the owner has submitted an application for reg-istration with the U.S. Copyright Office to the same extent and in the same manner as if the copyright were registered with the Copyright Office. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 304 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 304 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 305 . NATIONAL INTELLECTUAL  
PROPERTY RIGHTS COORDINATION CENTER  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 305(a) establishes within ICE the 
National Intellectual Property Rights Co-ordination Center (IPR Center), which shall be headed by an Assistant Director. 
Section 305(b) assigns the Assistant Direc-
tor duties, including: 1) coordinating the in-vestigation of sources of merchandise that infringes intellectual property rights (IPR); 2) conducting and coordinating training with other domestic and international law en-forcement agencies to improve IPR enforce-ment; 3) coordinating, with CBP, U.S. activi-ties to prevent the importation or expor-tation of IPR infringing merchandise; 4) sup-porting the international interdiction of merchandise destined for the U.S. that in-fringe IPR; 5) collecting and integrating in-formation regarding infringements; 6) devel-oping a means to receive and organize infor-mation regarding infringement of IPR; 7) dis-seminating information regarding infringe-ment of IPR to other Federal agencies; 8) de-veloping risk-based alert systems in coordi-nation with CBP; and 9) coordinating with U.S. Attorneys’ offices to investigate and prosecute IPR crime. 
Section 305(c) requires the Assistant Direc-
tor to coordinate with federal, state, local and international law enforcement, intellec-tual property, and trade agencies, as appro-priate, in carrying out the IPR Center’s du-ties. 
Section 305(d) requires the Assistant Direc-
tor to: 1) conduct outreach to the private sector to determine trends in and methods of infringing IPR; and 2) coordinate public and private-sector efforts to combat the infringe-ment of IPR. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 305 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 305 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 306 . JOINT STRATEGIC PLAN FOR THE  
ENFORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  
RIGHTS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 306 requires the Commissioner and 
Director to include in the joint strategic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.010 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9160 December 9, 2015 
plan on trade facilitation and enforcement 
required under section 105 of the amendment the following: 1) a description of DHS’s IPR enforcement efforts; 2) a list of the top 10 ports, by volume and value, where CBP seized IPR infringing goods in the preceding two years; and 3) a recommendation of the optimal allocation of personnel to ensure CBP and ICE are effectively enforcing IPR. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 306 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 306 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 307 . PERSONNEL DEDICATED TO THE EN -
FORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  
RIGHTS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 307(a) requires the Commissioner 
to ensure sufficient personnel are assigned throughout CBP with responsibility to en-force intellectual property rights with re-spect to U.S. imports. 
Section 307(b) requires the Commissioner 
to assign at least three full-time CBP em-ployees to the IPR Coordination Center es-tablished under section 305 and to ensure that sufficient personnel are assigned to U.S. ports of entry to carry out the directives of the IPR Coordination Center established under section 305. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 307 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 307 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 308 . TRAINING WITH RESPECT TO THE  
ENFORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  
RIGHTS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 308(a) requires the Commissioner 
to effectively train CBP port personnel to de-tect and identify IPR infringing imported goods. 
Section 308(b) requires the Commissioner 
to work with the private sector to identify opportunities for collaboration with respect to training for officers of the agency to en-force IPR. 
Section 308(c) requires the Commissioner 
to consult with private sector entities to identify technologies which can cost-effec-tively identify infringing merchandise, and to provide for cost-effective training for CBP officers with regard to the use of such tech-nologies. 
Section 308(d) permits CBP to receive do-
nations of technology to improve IPR en-forcement. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 308 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 308 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 309 . INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION AND  
INFORMATION SHARING  
Present Law 
Section 628 of the Tariff Act of 1930 permits 
CBP to exchange information or documents with foreign customs and law enforcement 
agencies if the Secretary of the Treasury reasonably believes the exchange of informa-tion is necessary to comply with CBP laws and regulations, to enforce a trade agree-ment to which the United States is a party, to assist in investigative, judicial and quasi- judicial proceedings in the United States, or for any similar action undertaken by a for-eign law enforcement agency in a foreign country. 
House Amendment 
Section 309 requires the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to coordinate with com-petent foreign law enforcement agencies to enhance IPR enforcement, including by in-formation sharing and technical assistance, and requires the Commissioner and the Di-rector of ICE to lead interagency efforts to collaborate with law enforcement and cus-toms authorities of foreign countries. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 309 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 309 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 310 . REPORT ON INTELLECTUAL  
PROPERTY RIGHTS ENFORCEMENT  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Requires the Commissioner of CBP and the 
Director of ICE to jointly submit to the Committee on Finance and Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes: 1) information regarding the number, and a description of, certain efforts to investigate and prosecute IPR infringements; 2) an estimate of the av-erage time required by the CBP Office of International Trade to respond to a request from port personnel for advice with respect to whether merchandise detained by the Agency infringed IPR, distinguished by types of IPR infringed; 3) a summary of the out-reach efforts of CBP and ICE with respect to interdiction, investigation and information sharing between certain agencies related to the infringement of IPR, collaboration with the private sector, and coordination with foreign governments; 4) a summary of the ef-forts of CBP and ICE to address the chal-lenges with respect to the enforcement of IPR presented by Internet commerce and the transit of small packages and an identifica-tion of the volume, value, and type of mer-chandise seized for infringing IPR as a result of such efforts; and 5) a summary of training relating to the enforcement of IPR con-ducted under section 308 and expenditures for such training. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 310 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 310 of the House amend-ment with the exception of a difference in the recipients of the report required in this section. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment, except that it changes the due date of the report to September 30th of each year. 
SECTION 311 . INFORMATION FOR TRAVELERS RE -
GARDING VIOLATIONS OF INTELLECTUAL PROP -
ERTY RIGHTS  
Present Law 
No provision. House Amendment 
Section 311(a) requires the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to develop and imple-ment an educational campaign for travelers entering or departing the United States on the legal, economic, and public health and safety implications of importing IPR infring-ing goods into the United States. 
Section 311(b) requires the Commissioner 
to ensure that all versions, including the electronic versions, of CBP Form 6059B (cus-toms declaration), or a successor form, in-clude a written warning to inform travelers arriving in the United States that importa-tion of merchandise that infringes IPR may subject travelers to civil or criminal pen-alties and may pose serious risks to health and safety. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 311 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 311 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
T
ITLE IV—P REVENTION OF EVASION OF ANTI-
DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY OR-
DERS  
SECTION 401 . SHORT TITLE  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 401 sets forth the short title as the 
‘‘Preventing Recurring Trade Evasion and Circumvention Act.’’ 
Senate Amendment 
Section 401 of the Senate amendment sets 
forth the short title as the ‘‘Enforcing Or-ders and Reducing Customs Evasion Act of 2015.’’ 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement sets forth the 
short title as the ‘‘Enforce and Protect Act of 2015.’’ 
SECTION 402 . DEFINITIONS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 402 establishes the applicable defi-
nitions for this title. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment. 
SECTION 403 . APPLICATION TO CANADA AND  
MEXICO  
Present Law 
Article 1902 of the North American Free 
Trade Agreement (NAFTA) (19 U.S.C. 3438) states that any amendments to title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930, or to any other statute which provides for judicial review of deter-minations under that title or the standard of review to be applied, shall apply to goods from a NAFTA country only to the extent specified in the amendment. 
House Amendment 
Section 403 provides that this title applies 
to goods from Canada and Mexico, the cur-rent members of NAFTA. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 402(e) of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 403 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.012 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9161 December 9, 2015 
Subtitle A—Actions Relating to 
Enforcement of Trade Remedy Laws 
SECTION 411 . TRADE REMEDY LAW ENFORCEMENT  
DIVISION  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 411(a) establishes within the Office 
of International Trade of CBP a Trade Law Remedy Enforcement Division. The Trade Law Remedy Division’s duties are to: de-velop and administer policies to prevent and counter evasion; direct enforcement and compliance assessment activities concerning evasion; develop and conduct commercial risk assessment targeting with respect to po-tentially evading cargo destined for the United States; issuing Trade Alerts regard-ing evading imports; and develop policies for the application of single entry and contin-uous bonds to sufficiently protect the collec-tion of antidumping and countervailing du-ties. 
Section 411(b) establishes the Director of 
the Trade Law Remedy Enforcement Divi-sion responsible for: directing the trade en-forcement and compliance assessment activi-ties of CBP regarding evasion; improving co-operation and the exchange of information between CBP, ICE, and other relevant agen-cies regarding evasion; notifying the Depart-ment of Commerce and the International Trade Commission of any findings, deter-minations, or criminal actions taken by CBP or other Federal agency regarding evasion; and serving as the primary liaison between CBP and the public regarding United States Government activities concerning evasion. The Director’s liaison responsibilities in-clude: receiving and transmitting to the ap-propriate CBP office parties’ allegations of evasion; provide information to a party that submitted an allegation of evasion on the status of CBP’s consideration of the allega-tion and decision to pursue or not pursue any administrative inquiries or other actions; re-quest from the party that submitted an alle-gation of evasion any additional information that may be relevant for CBP determining whether to initiate an administrative in-quiry or take any other action regarding the allegation; notify on a timely basis the party that submitted such an allegation of the re-sults of any administrative, civil or criminal actions taken by CBP or other Federal agen-cy regarding evasion as a direct or indirect result of the allegation; provide technical as-sistance and advice to eligible small busi-nesses to enable such businesses to prepare and submit allegations of evasion; develop guidelines on the types and nature of infor-mation that may be provided in allegations of evasion; and regularly consult with rel-evant parties and organizations regarding the development and implementation of reg-ulations, interpretations, and policies re-lated to countering evasion. 
Section 411(c) establishes within the Trade 
Remedy Law Enforcement Division a Na-tional Targeting and Analysis Group (NTAG) dedicated to preventing and countering eva-sion through establishing targeted risk as-sessment methodologies and standards. 
Section 411(d) requires the Director of the 
Trade Remedy Law Enforcement Division to issue Trade Alerts to port directors as re-quired to inspect imported merchandise, re-quire additional bonds, and take other ac-tions necessary to prevent evasion. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment, except also adding that the duties of the Trade Remedy Law En-forcement Division and its director include 
those policies and activities related to im-plementing section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 421 of this Act. The conference agreement establishes the Trade Law Remedy Enforcement Division in the Office of Trade, the successor office to the Office of International Trade. 
SECTION 412 . COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ON  
EVASION OF TRADE REMEDY LAWS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 412(a) directs CBP to exercise all 
existing information collection authorities to identify evasion and authorizes CBP to issue questionnaires to collect information on alleged evasion from persons who have in-formation relevant to an allegation of eva-sion. 
If a person fails to cooperate to provide re-
quested information, section 412(b) author-izes CBP to apply an adverse inference against the interests of that party in deter-mining if evasion occurred. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment, except also clarifying that an adverse inference may be used with respect to a person alleged to have entered covered merchandise through evasion, or a foreign producer or exporter of covered mer-chandise alleged to have entered through evasion regardless of whether another person involved in the same transaction or trans-actions has provided requested information. 
SECTION 413 . ACCESS TO INFORMATION  
Present Law 
Section 777(b)(1)(A)(ii) of the Trade Act of 
1930, at 19 U.S.C. 1677f(b)(1)(A)(ii), authorizes the Department of Commerce and the Inter-national Trade Commission to transfer to CBP information that was designated propri-etary by the person submitting the informa-tion, for purposes of conducting an investiga-tion regarding fraud. 
House Amendment 
Section 413(a) amends section 
777(b)(1)(A)(ii) of the Trade Act of 1930 by al-lowing the Department of Commerce and the International Trade Commission to transfer information designated proprietary by the person submitting the information to CBP for investigations of negligence and gross negligence, rather than just for fraud. 
Section 413(b) authorizes the Secretary of 
the Treasury to provide to the Department of Commerce or the International Trade Commission any information that would en-able the Department of Commerce or the International Trade Commission to assist in identifying imports evading antidumping or countervailing duties. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment. 
SECTION 414 . COOPERATION WITH FOREIGN COUN -
TRIES ON PREVENTING EVASION OF TRADE  
REMEDY LAWS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 414(a) requires the negotiation of 
bilateral agreements with other countries’ customs authorities to cooperate on pre-venting evasion. These agreements should include provisions allowing the sharing of in-formation to determine if evasion occurred, verification of such information, allowing of-
ficials from the importing country to par-ticipate in such verifications, and, if a coun-try refuses to allow officials from an import-ing country to participate in a verification, allowing the importing country to take such lack of cooperation into account in its trade enforcement and compliance activities. 
Section 414(b) allows CBP to take into ac-
count whether a country is a party to a bi-lateral agreement regarding cooperation on evasion and the extent to which that country is cooperating under such an agreement for the purposes of trade enforcement and com-pliance assessment of that country’s exports regarding potential evasion. 
Section 414(c) requires an annual report to 
Congress on the status of ongoing negotia-tions of bilateral cooperation agreements re-garding evasion, the terms of any such com-pleted agreements, and any cooperation and other activities conducted as a result of such agreements. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment. 
SECTION 415 . TRADE NEGOTIATING OBJECTIVES  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 415 establishes obtaining the com-
mitments for cooperation on evasion de-scribed in section 414 as a negotiating objec-tive for current trade agreements under ne-gotiation and future agreements. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment. 
Subtitle B—Investigation of Evasion of 
Trade Remedy Laws 
SECTION 421 . PROCEDURES FOR INVESTIGATION  
OF EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTER -
VAILING DUTY ORDERS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 421 grants the Department of Com-
merce the authority to administratively in-vestigate evasion and order CBP to collect or preserve for collection antidumping and countervailing duties owed on evading im-ports. In addition to defining required terms, section 421(a) excludes from these investiga-tions evasion that is the result of clerical er-rors unless the errors reflect a pattern of negligent conduct. 
Section 421(b) establishes the procedures 
for evasion investigations. The Department of Commerce may self-initiate an evasion in-vestigation, or may initiate an investigation as a result of an adequate petition from an interested party or a referral from CBP. CBP is required to refer a matter to the Depart-ment of Commerce if CBP has information that evasion occurred, but cannot determine if the merchandise is in fact subject to an antidumping or countervailing duty order. The Department of Commerce has 30 days after receiving a petition or referral to de-termine whether to initiate an investigation. The Department of Commerce is to notify CBP if it initiates an evasion investigation as a result of a petition from an interested party. 
CBP is required to provide documents and 
information requested by the Department of Commerce for an evasion investigation with-in 10 days after the request and these docu-ments and information will be available to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.013 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9162 December 9, 2015 
authorized representatives of interested par-
ties under an administrative protective order. If an authorized representative of an interested party has access to business pro-prietary information from another Depart-ment of Commerce proceeding under an ad-ministrative protective order issued in that proceeding and this information is relevant to an evasion investigation, the authorized representative may submit this information on the record of the evasion investigation. 
The Department of Commerce is authorized to issue questionnaires to interested parties in an evasion investigation and to make an adverse inference against a party that fails to cooperate to the best of its ability. 
The Department of Commerce is to issue a 
preliminary determination of whether there is a reasonable basis to believe or suspect evasion within 90 days after initiation of the investigation and a final determination of evasion within 300 days after initiation. If the Department of Commerce makes an af-firmative preliminary determination of eva-sion, CBP is to suspend liquidation of entries of evading merchandise on or after the pre-liminary determination and any unliqui-dated entries before that date. A cash de-posit is also required for such entries reflect-ing the applicable rates previously deter-mined by the Department of Commerce. 
If the Department of Commerce makes an 
affirmative final determination of evasion, CBP is to assess the applicable antidumping and countervailing duties on entries of evad-ing merchandise, including such entries that were already liquidated, and to review and reassess the amount of bond or other secu-rity the importer must post for entries of such merchandise on or after the date of the final determination. The Department of Commerce may also instruct CBP to require a cash deposit or bond on entries of such merchandise on or after the date of the final determination in the amount of antidumping and countervailing duties potentially owed on the merchandise. If the Department of Commerce cannot determine the amount of the applicable antidumping and counter-vailing duty rate or cash deposit because the actual producer or exporter of the merchan-dise is unknown, then the highest amount for any producer or exporter will be applied. If the Department of Commerce makes a negative final determination of evasion, then any suspension of liquidation is ended and any cash deposits refunded. The preliminary and final determinations in an evasion inves-tigation are to be published in the Federal Register, as well as the notice of initiation of such an investigation. 
If the Department of Commerce makes an 
affirmative preliminary or final determina-tion of evasion, it is required to transmit the administrative record of the investigation to CBP and any other agency that requests the administrative record. After making a final determination, the Department of Commerce may also provide importers information dis-covered in an investigation that would help educate importers on complying with im-porting merchandise in accordance with U.S. laws and regulations. 
The Department of Commerce and CBP are 
to establish procedures to maximize coopera-tion and communication between the two agencies to quickly, efficiently, and accu-rately investigation allegations of evasion. The Department of Commerce will issue an-nual reports to Congress on the conduct of evasion investigations. 
Section 421(b) makes a technical amend-
ment to the table of contents for title VII of the Trade Act of 1930 to reflect this subtitle. 
Section 421(c) establishes that the Depart-
ment of Commerce’s final determination in an evasion investigation is subject to judi-cial review by the U.S. Court of Inter-national Trade. Section 421(d) instructs the Department of 
Commerce and CBP to issue regulations to implement this subtitle. 
Section 421(e) provides that the amend-
ments in this subtitle are effective 180 days after enactment and applies to merchandise entered on or after the date of enactment. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 402 requires that if the Commis-
sioner makes an affirmative determination of evasion, the Commissioner shall: 1) sus-pend the liquidation of any unliquidated en-tries of the covered merchandise that is the subject of the allegation entered between the date of initiation and the date of the deter-mination; 2) extend the period for liqui-dating any unliquidated entries of merchan-dise that entered before the initiation of the investigation; 3) notify Commerce of the de-termination and request that Commerce de-termine the appropriate duty rates for such covered merchandise; 4) require importers of such covered merchandise to post cash de-posits and assess duties on the covered mer-chandise as directed by Commerce; and 5) take such additional enforcement measures as the Commissioner deems appropriate, in-cluding initiating proceedings for related violations of law, modifying CBP’s proce-dures for identifying future evasion, requir-ing a deposit of estimated duties on future entries, and referring the matter to ICE for civil or criminal investigation. The section also requires the Department of Commerce to promptly provide the Commissioner with cash deposit rates and antidumping and countervailing duty rates, and establishes a special rule for cases in which the producer or exporter is unknown. 
Under section 402, the Commissioner must 
determine within 90 calendar days of initi-ation of an evasion investigation whether there is a reasonable suspicion that entries of covered merchandise that are the subject of the allegation were entered through eva-sion. If the Commissioner decides there is a reasonable suspicion, the Commissioner shall: 1) suspend the liquidation of any unliq-uidated entries of the covered merchandise entered after the date of initiation; 2) extend the period for liquidating any unliquidated entries of merchandise that entered before the initiation of the investigation; and 3) take any additional measures necessary to protect the ability to collect appropriate du-ties, which may include requiring a single transaction bond or posting cash deposits with respect to entries of covered merchan-dise. 
Section 402 requires that if the Commis-
sioner makes an affirmative determination of evasion, the Commissioner shall (1) sus-pend the liquidation of any unliquidated en-tries of the covered merchandise that is the subject of the allegation entered between the date of initiation and the date of the deter-mination; (2) extend the period for liqui-dating any unliquidated entries of merchan-dise that entered before the initiation of the investigation; (3) notify Commerce of the de-termination and request that Commerce de-termine the appropriate duty rates for such covered merchandise; (4) require importers of such covered merchandise to post cash de-posits and assess duties on the covered mer-chandise as directed by Commerce; and (5) take such additional enforcement measures as the Commissioner deems appropriate, in-cluding initiating proceedings for related violations of law, modifying CBP’s proce-dures for identifying future evasion, requir-ing a deposit of estimated duties on future entries, and referring the matter to ICE for civil or criminal investigation. The section also requires the Department of Commerce to promptly provide the Commissioner with cash deposit rates and antidumping and countervailing duty rates, and establishes a 
special rule for cases in which the producer or exporter is unknown. 
Under section 402, the Commissioner must 
determine within 90 calendar days of initi-ation of an evasion investigation whether there is a reasonable suspicion that entries of covered merchandise that are the subject of the allegation were entered through eva-sion. If the Commissioner decides there is a reasonable suspicion, the Commissioner shall (1) suspend the liquidation of any unliq-uidated entries of the covered merchandise entered after the date of initiation; (2) ex-tend the period for liquidating any unliqui-dated entries of merchandise that entered before the initiation of the investigation; and (3) take any additional measures nec-essary to protect the ability to collect appro-priate duties, which may include requiring a single transaction bond or posting cash de-posits with respect to entries of covered mer-chandise. 
Section 402 provides a period of 30 business 
days for interested party who made the alle-gation of evasion or the importer of the cov-ered merchandise alleged to have entered the merchandise subject to the evasion deter-mination to request de novo administrative review by the Commissioner after notifica-tion of a determination. Section 402 estab-lishes that judicial review shall be available to the interested party alleging evasion or the party found to have entered merchandise subject to the investigation through evasion of any administrative review of the evasion determination by CBP. Section 402 also sets out a rule of construction with respect to other civil and criminal proceedings so that no determination under subsection (c) or ac-tion taken by the Commissioner pursuant to the section shall be construed to limit the authority to carry out, or the scope of, any other proceeding or investigation pursuant to any other provision of Federal or State law. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment except for the following changes. The definition of the term ‘‘inter-ested party’’ is expanded to include a foreign manufacturer, producer, or exporter, or the United States importer, of covered merchan-dise, or a trade or business association a ma-jority of the members of which are pro-ducers, exporters, or importers of such mer-chandise. 
The Commissioner has 15 business days 
after receiving an evasion allegation or a re-ferral to determine whether to initiate an in-vestigation. 
If the Commissioner is unable to determine 
whether the merchandise at issue is covered merchandise, the Commissioner shall refer the matter to the Department of Commerce to determine whether the merchandise is covered merchandise. The Department of Commerce is to make this determination pursuant to its applicable statutory and reg-ulatory authority, and the determination shall be subject to judicial review under 19 U.S.C. 1516a(a)(2). The Conferees intend that such determinations include whether the merchandise at issue is subject merchandise under 19 U.S.C. 1677j. The time required for the Department of Commerce to determine whether the merchandise at issue is covered merchandise shall not be counted in calcu-lating any deadlines under the procedures created by this section. 
The Commissioner has 300 calendar days 
after the date on which an evasion investiga-tion was initiated to make a determination as to whether the covered merchandise was entered through evasion. If the Commis-sioner concludes that the investigation is ex-traordinarily complicated and additional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.015 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9163 December 9, 2015 
time is necessary to make a determination, 
then the Commission may extend the time to make a determination by no more than 60 calendar days. 
It is clarified that an adverse inference 
may be used with respect to a person alleged to have entered covered merchandise through evasion, or a foreign producer or ex-porter of covered merchandise alleged to have entered through evasion regardless of whether another person involved in the same transaction or transactions has provided re-quested information. 
The standard of review for judicial review 
of an investigation is clarified to be whether the Commissioner fully complied with all procedures in making a determination and conducting an administrative review of that determination and whether any determina-tion, finding, or conclusion is arbitrary, ca-pricious, or an abuse of discretion. Other technical changes were made to the judicial review provision. 
SECTION 422 . GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY  
OFFICE REPORT  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 422 directs the Government Ac-
countability Office to submit to Congress a report on the effectiveness of the provisions made by this title and the actions by the De-partment of Commerce and CBP pursuant to this title. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement does not contain 
this section. Under the House amendment, the Department of Commerce would conduct evasion investigations, and the primary pur-pose of the report was to monitor the co-operation of the Department of Commerce and CBP in the Department of Commerce’s conduct of such investigations. This report is not required under the Conference Agree-ment because the Senate amendment is being followed, which has CBP conduct eva-sion investigations. 
Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SECTION 431 . ALLOCATION AND TRAINING OF  
PERSONNEL  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 431 requires CBP, to the maximum 
extent possible, to assign sufficient per-sonnel responsible for preventing and inves-tigating evasion and to provide adequate training for such personnel. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment. 
SECTION 432 . ANNUAL REPORT ON PREVENTION  
OF EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTER -
VAILING DUTY ORDERS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 432(a) directs CBP, in consultation 
with the Department of Commerce and ICE, to provide Congress with an annual report on efforts to prevent and investigate evasion. 
The required contents of the report are de-
scribed in section 432(b). In addition to metrics on CBP’s activities, resource alloca-tion and training regarding evasion, the re-port must include a description of CBP’s policies and practices regarding evasion, any changes in such policies and practices, and any recommended legislative or other 
changes to improve the effectiveness of CBP in preventing and identifying evasion. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 403 requires the Commissioner to 
submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House an annual report on the Commissioner’s efforts to prevent and inves-tigate the evasion of antidumping and coun-tervailing duty orders. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment, except to clarify that the report is to cover all types of evasion allega-tions and investigations. The requirement to report the number of investigations not com-pleted within the deadlines provided in sec-tion 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 421 of this Act, is removed because the Commissioner is statutorily required to meet these deadlines. 
SECTION 433 . ADDRESSING CIRCUMVENTION BY  
NEW SHIPPERS  
Present Law 
Section 751(a)(2)(B) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1675(a)(2)(B)) allows new exporters and producers to obtain an individual weighted average dumping margin or indi-vidual countervailing duty rate on an expe-dited basis. While the review to determine the individual margin or duty rate is being conducted, an importer of the new exporter or producer’s merchandise may post a bond or security instead of a cash deposit for en-tries of that merchandise. 
House Amendment 
Section 433 strikes the ability of an im-
porter of a new exporter or producer’s mer-chandise to post a bond or security instead of a cash deposit for entries of that merchan-dise while the Department of Commerce is determining the exporter or producer’s indi-vidual weighted average dumping margin or individual countervailing duty rate. This section also adds the requirement that the individual weighted average dumping margin or individual countervailing duty rate for a new exporter or producer must be based on bona fide sales in the United States and sets out criteria to be considered in determining if such sales were bona fide. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment. 
T
ITLE V—S MALL BUSINESS TRADE ISSUES AND  
STATE TRADE COORDINATION  
SECTION 501 . SHORT TITLE  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement sets forth the 
short title as the ‘‘Small Business Trade En-hancement Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘State Trade Coordination Act.’’ 
SECTION 502 . OUTREACH AND INPUT FROM SMALL  
BUSINESSES TO TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY  
Present Law 
Per section 203 of Public Law 94–305 (15 
U.S.C. 1634c), the Office of Advocacy within the Small Business Administration is statu-torily charged with receiving complaints, criticisms, and suggestions concerning fed-eral policies affecting small businesses, transmitting those complaints, criticisms and suggestions to the relevant federal regu-
latory agencies, and developing proposals for changes in the policies and activities of fed-eral agencies as those relate to small busi-nesses. However, current law does not spe-cifically provide for engagement by the Of-fice of Advocacy during the negotiation of trade agreements. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The Conferees agree to amend section 203 
of Public Law 94–305 (15 U.S.C. 634c) by add-ing certain provisions and requirements con-cerning the Office of Advocacy. In par-ticular, the provision requires: 1) the Chief Counsel for Advocacy to convene an Inter-agency Working Group (IWG) not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits a notification to Congress under sec-tion 105(a) of Public Law 114–26; 2) the IWG to include representation from the Office of the United States Trade Representative, the Department of Commerce, the Department of Agriculture, and any other federal agen-cies deemed relevant with respect to the sub-ject of the trade agreement at issue; 3) the IWG to identify a diverse group of small en-tities to provide to the IWG the views of small businesses on the potential economic effects of the trade agreement at issue; and 4) the Chief Counsel for Advocacy to submit to relevant Committees of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the economic impacts of the trade agreement at issue on small entities. By assigning the Of-fice of Advocacy a role in trade negotiations, the legislation will promote consideration of small business interests throughout trade negotiation processes. 
SECTION 503 . STATE TRADE EXPANSION PROGRAM  
Present Law 
Section 1207 of the Small Business Jobs 
Act of 2010 (Pub. L. 111–240) created a pilot State Trade and Export Promotion Grant Program to make grants to states to carry out export promotion programs for small businesses. These programs include a foreign trade mission, a foreign market sales trip, a subscription to services provided by the De-partment of Commerce, the payment of website translation fees, the design of inter-national marketing media, a trade show ex-hibition, and training workshops. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The Conferees agree to rename the ‘‘State 
Trade and Export Promotion Grant Pro-gram’’ authorized by the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 the ‘‘State Trade Expansion Program’’ (STEP); to insert STEP into sec-tion 22 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 652); and to authorize STEP grants at $30 million per year through fiscal year 2020. The Conferees also agree to alter STEP to im-prove coordination between the federal gov-ernment and the states, to authorize reverse trade missions and procurement of consultancy services, and to require the In-spector General of the Small Business Ad-ministration to provide to the Congress a re-port on STEP within 18 months of the first grant award. 
SECTION 504 . STATE AND FEDERAL EXPORT  
PROMOTION COORDINATION  
Present Law 
Section 2312 of the Export Enhancement 
Act of 1988 (Public Law 100 418) created the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.016 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9164 December 9, 2015 
Trade Promotion Coordinating Committee 
(TPCC). The TPCC provides a framework to coordinate and carry out certain export pro-motion and export financing programs of the United States Government. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The Conferees agree to establish a new sec-
tion 2313A of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988, which establishes a State and Federal Export Promotion Coordination Working Group as a subcommittee of the TPCC. The subcommittee is charged with coordinating export promotion and export financing ac-tivities between the federal government and state and local governments. The provision further requires that the Office of Inter-national Trade of the Small Business Admin-istration, in coordination with other mem-bers of the TPCC, submit a report to the Congress that includes recommendations to improve the Internet website Export.gov. 
SECTION 505 . STATE TRADE COORDINATION  
Present law 
Section 2312 of the Export Enhancement 
Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–418) created the Trade Promotion Coordinating Committee (TPCC), which is charged with developing a plan to carry out Federal export promotion and export financing programs. The TPCC is chaired by the Department of Commerce and comprised of representatives from the Office of the United States Trade Representative, the Small Business Administration, the Agency for International Development, the Trade and Development Program, the Over-seas Private Investment Corporation, the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and the Departments of Agriculture, Energy, State, Transportation, and the Treasury. The President may appoint additional de-partments or agencies to the TPCC. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The Conferees agree to amend section 2312 
by: 1) adding to the TPCC one or more new members appointed by the President who are representatives of state trade promotion agencies; 2) expanding the scope of the re-sponsibilities of the TPCC to add a new Fed-eral and State Export Promotion Coordina-tion Plan, which shall develop a comprehen-sive plan to coordinate federal and state ex-port promotion resources and strategies; and 3) requiring the TPCC to include, as part of its annual report, a survey and analysis re-garding the overall effectiveness of Federal- state coordination and export promotion goals. Further, the provision requires: 1) the Department of Commerce to develop an an-nual Federal-state export strategy for each state that provides its export strategy; and 2) the Department of Commerce and the state trade promotion agencies to develop a coordinated set of reporting metrics on ex-ports and to report annually to Congress on the results of the coordination. 
T
ITLE VI—A DDITIONAL ENFORCEMENT  
PROVISIONS  
Subtitle A—Trade Enforcement 
SECTION 601 . TRADE ENFORCEMENT PRIORITIES  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 601 requires the Administration to 
identify, in close consultation with Congress, enforcement priorities and to more regularly 
consult with Congress on the Administra-tion’s enforcement strategy. This section also directs the Administration to focus its enforcement actions on addressing practices that, if eliminated, would likely have the most significant potential to increase eco-nomic growth of the United States. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 601 of the Senate amendment is 
the same section 601 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 602 . EXERCISE OF WTO AUTHORIZATION  
TO SUSPEND CONCESSIONS OR OTHER OBLIGA -
TIONS UNDER TRADE AGREEMENTS  
Present Law 
Under section 307(c) of the Trade Act of 
1974, a particular action taken under section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 automatically terminates after four years if neither the pe-titioner nor any representative of the domes-tic industry that benefits from such action has requested its continuation during the last sixty days of the four-year period. 
House Amendment 
Section 602 allows the Administration, 
under certain conditions, to reinstate a re-taliatory action if such action has termi-nated previously. To reinstate such action, the Administration must receive a request from an affected domestic industry and en-gage in a detailed analysis and robust con-sultations with Congress and the public. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 602 of the Senate amendment is 
the same section 602 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 603 . TRADE MONITORING  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 603(a) requires the International 
Trade Commission to make a web-based im-port monitoring tool available that provides public access to data on the volume and value of goods imports for the purposes of de-termining if such data has changed over time. The data used will be from the Depart-ment of Commerce and any other appro-priate government data, and will include data from the most recent quarter for which such data are available, plus previous quar-ters as practicable. 
This provision further requires the Depart-
ment of Commerce to publish on a website monitoring reports on changes in the volume and value of imports and exports of goods categorized based on the 6-digit subheadings of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. The Department of Commerce must also notify Congress when the reports are available. These reports are to published at least quarterly and have data for the most recent quarter for which such data are avail-able, as well as previous quarters as prac-ticable. The Department of Commerce is re-quired to solicit public comment on the monitoring reports through the Federal Reg-ister. 
This provision is to terminate seven years 
after the date of enactment. 
Section 603(b) makes the clerical amend-
ment of adding the title of this section to the table of contents for the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2101 et. seq.). Senate Amendment 
Section 603 of the Senate amendment is 
the same section 603 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 604 . ESTABLISHMENT OF INTERAGENCY  
CENTER ON TRADE IMPLEMENTATION , MONI-
TORING , AND ENFORCEMENT  
Present Law 
The Office of the United States Trade Rep-
resentative (USTR) is required to submit to Congress an Annual Report on Trade Agree-ments Program and National Trade Policy Agenda, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2213; a budget justification, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1105; and an agency strategic plan, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 306. 
House Amendment 
Section 907 requires that, in its Annual Re-
port on Trade Agreements Program and Na-tional Trade Policy Agenda to Congress, USTR must submit additional information regarding USTR-led interagency programs, including the Interagency Trade Enforce-ment Center. Specifically, the section re-quires that USTR report on the objectives and priorities of all USTR-led interagency programs; the actions proposed, or antici-pated, to be undertaken to achieve such ob-jectives and priorities, including actions au-thorized under the trade laws and negotia-tions with foreign countries; the role of each Federal agency participating in the inter-agency program in achieving such objectives and priorities and activities of each agency with respect to their participation in the program; USTR’s coordination of each par-ticipating Federal agency to more effec-tively achieve such objectives and priorities; any proposed legislation necessary or appro-priate to achieve such objectives or prior-ities; and prior progress made in achieving such objectives and priorities and coordina-tion activities. 
The section also requires that USTR sub-
mit a report to Congress, in conjunction with the President’s budget, regarding its annual plan to match available agency re-sources with projected workload and provide a detailed analysis of how the prior year’s funds were spent; identify existing and new staff necessary to support the functions and powers of USTR; identify USTR and other Federal agency staff who will be required to be detailed to support USTR-led interagency programs; and provide detailed analysis of the budgetary requirements of USTR-led interagency programs. 
In addition, the section requires that 
USTR submit to Congress a quadrennial plan, in conjunction with agency strategic plans already required under statute, with some additional requirements: analyzing in-ternal quality controls and record manage-ment; identifying existing and new staff nec-essary to support the functions and powers of USTR; identifying existing USTR and other Federal agency staff who will be required to be detailed to support USTR-led interagency programs; providing an outline of budget jus-tifications, including salaries, expenses, and non-personnel administrative costs, required under the strategic plan; providing an out-line of budget justifications for USTR-led interagency programs. This quadrennial plan is required in conjunction with the agency strategic plan produced at the beginning of every new Presidential Administration; this section requires USTR to submit the initial report separately, on February 1, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.018 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9165 December 9, 2015 
Senate Amendment 
Section 604 establishes an Interagency 
Trade Enforcement Center (ITEC) in the Of-fice of the United States Trade Representa-tive (USTR), and provides that the main functions of the Center are to: 1) serve as the primary forum within the Federal govern-ment for the USTR and other agencies to co-ordinate the enforcement of United States trade rights under international trade agree-ments and enforcement of United States trade remedy laws; 2) coordinate the ex-change of information related to potential violations of international trade agreements; and 3) conduct outreach to United States workers, businesses, and other interested persons. 
Section 604 also requires the head of the 
ITEC to be a Director who shall be appointed from among full-time senior-level officials of USTR, and a Deputy Directory appointed by the Secretary of Commerce from among full- time, senior-level officials of Commerce. Other Federal government agencies that the Center coordinates with may detail or assign employees to the Center. The provision re-quires that funding and administrative sup-port for the ITEC be provided by USTR. The Director of ITEC is required to submit an an-nual report to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives on the actions taken by the Center with respect to the enforcement of U.S. trade rights under trade agreements in the preceding year. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement establishes the 
Interagency Center on Trade Implementa-tion, Monitoring, and Enforcement (ICTIME) in the office of the United States Trade Rep-resentative. The function of ICTIME is to support the USTR in: 1) investigating poten-tial disputes to be brought at the World Trade Organization; 2) investigating poten-tial disputes to be brought under U.S. bilat-eral and regional trade agreements; 3) moni-toring and enforcement activities pursuant to U.S. trade agreements; and 4) monitoring measures taken by parties during implemen-tation of trade agreements with the United States. The director of ICTIME is to be ap-pointed by the USTR, and additional per-sonnel may be detailed or assigned to ICTIME by other Federal agencies. The con-ference agreement requires the President to annually report to Congress regarding the operations of ICTIME. The conference agree-ment also adopts the House provision requir-ing USTR to submit to Congress a quadren-nial plan concerning quality controls and records management, staffing, and budg-eting, with the first report due June 1, 2016. The commitments subject to ICTIME’s mon-itoring and enforcement shall include those negotiated to address the interests in U.S. trade agreements of domestic manufactur-ers, services providers, farmers, ranchers, and intellectual property rightholders. 
SECTION 605 . INCLUSION OF INTEREST IN CERTAIN  
DISTRIBUTIONS OF ANTIDUMPING DUTIES AND  
COUNTERVAILING DUTIES  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 913(a) directs CBP to include in all 
distributions of collected antidumping and countervailing duties any and all interest earned on such duties that is, or was, real-ized through any payments received on or after October 1, 2014 under, or in connection with, any customs bond pursuant to a court order or judgment, or settlement. 
Section 913(b) describes the distributions 
in subsection (a) as all distributions made on or after enactment pursuant to section 754 of the Trade Act of 1930 (19 USC 1675c) (as that section was in effect on February 7, 2006) of 
collected antidumping and countervailing duties assessed on or after October 1, 2000 on entries made through September 30, 2007. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 609 of the Senate amendment is 
similar to section 913 of the House amend-ment. Senate section 609(a) provides that the Secretary of Homeland Security shall de-posit all interest in subsection 609(c) into the special account established under section 754(e) of the Tariff Act of 1930 for inclusion in distributions described in subsection 609(b) made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Section 609(b) defines distributions as 
those made under section 754 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1675c) (repealed by sub-title F of title VII of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–171; 120 Stat. 154)) with respect to entries of merchandise made on or before September 30, 2007 and that were unliquidated, not in litigation, and not under an order of liquidation on December 8, 2010. 
Section 609(c) defines interest as an 
amount earned on antidumping duties or countervailing duties distributed in sub-section (b) that is realized through applica-tion of a payment received on or after Octo-ber 1, 2014 by CBP or in connection with a customs bond pursuant to a court order or a settlement for any such bond. It further pro-vides that the types of interest include inter-est accrued under section 778 or 505(d) of the Trade Act of 1930, or equitable interest under common law, or interest under section 963 of the Revised Statutes awarded by a court against a surety under its bond for late pay-ment of antidumping duties, countervailing duties, or other interest. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment with a modification. The Conferees agree to describe interest in sec-tion 609(c) as an amount earned on anti-dumping duties or countervailing duties in subsection (b) that is realized through appli-cation of a payment received on or after Oc-tober 1, 2014 by CBP under, or in connection with, a customs bond pursuant to a court order or judgment, or a settlement with re-spect to a customs bond, including any pay-ment to CBP with respect to that bond by a surety. 
SECTION 606 . ILLICITLY IMPORTED , EXPORTED , 
OR TRAFFICKED CULTURAL PROPERTY , AR-
CHAEOLOGICAL OR ETHNOLOGICAL MATERIALS , 
AND FISH , WILDLIFE , AND PLANTS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 610 of the Senate amendment re-
quires the Commissioner and Director of ICE to ensure that appropriate personnel are trained in the detection, identification, de-tention, seizure, and forfeiture of cultural property and archaeological or ethnological materials, and fish, wildlife and plants, the importation, exportation, or trafficking of which violates the laws of the United States. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment. 
SECTION 607 . ENFORCEMENT UNDER TITLE III OF  
THE TRADE ACT OF 1974 WITH RESPECT TO CER -
TAIN ACTS , POLICIES , AND PRACTICES  
Present Law 
Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 estab-
lishes procedures and timetables for address-ing certain violations of U.S. rights under a trade agreement and unreasonable or dis-criminatory practices that burden or restrict U.S. commerce. House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 606 of the Senate amendment 
amends section 301(d)(3)(B) of the Trade Act of 1974 to include, among the conduct that is unreasonable for purposes of taking discre-tionary action under 301(b), a persistent pat-tern of conduct by a foreign country that: 1) fails to effectively enforce the environ-mental laws of the foreign country; 2) waives or otherwise derogates from the environ-mental laws of the foreign country or weak-ens the protections afforded by such laws; 3) fails to provide for the judicial or adminis-trative proceedings giving access to remedies for violations of the environmental laws of the foreign country; 4) fails to provide appro-priate and effective sanctions or remedies for violations of the environmental laws of the foreign country; or 5) fails to effectively en-force environmental commitments under agreements to which the foreign country and the United States are a part. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement includes modi-
fications to amend section 301(d)(3)(B) of the Trade Act of 1974 to include, among the types of conduct that are unreasonable for purposes of taking discretionary action under 301(b), actions that constitute a per-sistent pattern of conduct by the govern-ment of the foreign country under which that government fails to effectively enforce commitments under agreements including with respect to trade in goods, trade in serv-ices, trade in agriculture, foreign invest-ment, intellectual property, digital trade in goods and services and cross-border data flows, regulatory practices, state-owned and state-controlled enterprises, localization barriers to trade, labor and the environment, anti-corruption, trade remedy laws, textiles, and commercial partnerships to which the foreign country and the United States are a party. 
SECTION 608 . HONEY TRANSSHIPMENT  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 608(a) requires the Commissioner 
of CBP to direct appropriate personnel and resources to address concerns that honey is being imported into the United States in vio-lation of U.S. customs and trade laws. 
Section 608(b) requires CBP to compile a 
database of the individual characteristics of foreign honey to facilitate the verification of country of origin markings, and to seek to work with foreign governments, industry, and the Food and Drug Administration in compiling the database. 
Section 608(c) requires the Commissioner 
to submit a report to Congress within 180 days after enactment of the Act that de-scribes and assesses the limitations in exist-ing analysis capabilities of laboratories with respect to determining the country of origin of honey and includes any recommendation of the Commissioner for improving such ca-pabilities. 
Section 608(d) expresses the sense of Con-
gress that the Commissioner of Food and Drugs should promptly establish a honey na-tional identification standard to ensure that honey imports are classified appropriately for duty assessment; and are denied entry to the United States if such imports pose a threat to the health or safety of consumers. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment. The agreement of the con-ference on establishment of a database per-taining to honey transshipment reflects the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.019 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9166 December 9, 2015 
unique geographical characteristics of 
honey, particularly unique regional pollens, that allow CBP to discern the country of ori-gin of honey imported into the United States through currently available, cost-effective scientific methods, and also the importation of honey in sufficient quantity and with his-torical patterns of duty evasion to justify es-tablishing and maintaining such a database. 
SECTION 609 . ESTABLISHMENT OF CHIEF INNOVA -
TION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY NEGO -
TIATOR  
Present Law 
Section 141 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2171) establishes the structure, func-tions, powers, and personnel of the Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 611(a) amends section 141 of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171) to establish a Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property Negotiator at USTR with the rank of Ambas-sador, who shall be appointed by the Presi-dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to conduct trade negotiations and to enforce trade agreements relating to United States intellectual property, and to take appropriate actions to address acts, policies, and practices of foreign govern-ments that have a significant adverse impact on the value of United States innovation. 
Section 611(b) amends section 5314 of title 
5, United States Code, to set the pay for this position at Level III of the Executive Sched-ule. 
Section 611(c) requires the USTR to submit 
an annual report to the Senate Finance and Ways and Means Committees detailing the enforcement actions taken by USTR to en-sure the protection of United States innova-tion and intellectual property interests, and other actions taken to advance United States innovation and intellectual property interests. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment. 
SECTION 610 . MEASURES RELATING TO COUNTRIES  
THAT DENY ADEQUATE PROTECTION FOR IN -
TELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS  
Present Law 
Section 182 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2242) requires USTR to submit to the Committees a ‘‘Special 301 Report’’ identi-fying countries that deny adequate protec-tion or market access for intellectual prop-erty rights. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 612(a) amends section 182(d)(2) of 
the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2242(d)(2)) to require USTR to identify foreign countries that deny adequate and effective protection of trade secrets. 
Section 612(b) amends section 182 of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2242) to require USTR, within 90 days after submitting the annual National Trade Estimate, to develop an action plan for foreign countries that have spent at least one year on the Priority Watch List of the Special 301 Report. The ac-tion plan calls for such countries to meet benchmarks designed to assist them to achieve effective protection of intellectual property rights, and equitable market access for U.S. persons that rely upon intellectual property protections. This section also au-thorizes the President to take appropriate action with respect to foreign countries that fail to meet action plan benchmarks and re-quires USTR to transmit to the Committees 
a report on the action plans and the progress in achieving the action plan benchmarks. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment, with the addition of allow-ing USTR to provide assistance to devel-oping countries pursuant to Section 611. 
SECTION 611 . TRADE ENFORCEMENT TRUST FUND  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 607 of the Senate amendment es-
tablishes a Trade Enforcement Trust Fund (Trust Fund) in the Treasury of the United States. The provision requires the Treasury to transfer $15 million each fiscal year to the Trust Fund of receipts from antidumping and countervailing duties, and the aggregate money held in the Trust Fund may not ex-ceed $30 million at any time. Transfers to the fund are made quarterly. The provision allows the United States Trade Representa-tive to use amounts in the Trust Fund to en-force the provisions of and commitments and obligations under WTO Agreements and free trade agreements to which the United States is a party, monitor the implementation by foreign countries of the provisions and com-mitments and obligations under free trade agreements, and investigate and respond to petitions under section 302 of the Trade Act of 1974. In addition, identified Federal agen-cies would also be authorized to also use amounts in the Trust Fund to ensure capac-ity building efforts undertaken by the United States prioritize the implementation of intellectual property, labor, and environ-mental commitments, are self-sustaining and promote local ownership, include per-formance indicators, and monitor and evalu-ate capacity building efforts. 
If a Federal agency uses amounts in the 
Trust Fund in connection with the entry into force of any free trade agreement, that agency must submit a report to Congress on the actions taken by that agency not later than 18 months after the agreement enters into force. It also requires the Comptroller General to submit a report to Congress with-in one year of enactment that contains (1) a comprehensive analysis of the trade enforce-ment expenditures of each Federal agency and (2) recommendations on the additional employees and resources that each Federal agency may need to effectively enforce free trade agreements that the United States is a party to. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment with a number of changes. The conference agreement establishes the Trust Fund through 2026 and funds are trans-ferred from the general fund. It allows the United States Trade Representative, on the basis of advice from the Trade Policy Com-mittee, to use amounts in the Trust Fund, only as provided in appropriation acts, to en-force obligations under WTO Agreements and free trade agreements to which the United States is a party, monitor the implementa-tion by foreign countries of the provisions and commitments and obligations under free trade agreements, investigate and respond to petitions under section 302 of the Trade Act of 1974, and to support capacity building ef-forts, including commitments and obliga-tions related to trade in goods, trade in serv-ices, trade in agriculture, foreign invest-ment, intellectual property, digital trade in goods and services and cross-border data flows, regulatory practices, state-owned and state-controlled enterprises, localization barriers to trade, labor and the environment, 
currency, foreign currency manipulation, anticorruption, trade remedy laws, textiles, and commercial partnerships. Additional changes are made with respect to reporting and definitions. 
The conferees are committed to work dili-
gently and at the earliest opportunity to achieve full appropriation for the fund, in-cluding during the annual budget resolution process to assure full appropriations to the fund. 
T
ITLE VII—C URRENCY MANIPULATION  
SECTION 701 . ENHANCEMENT OF ENGAGEMENT ON  
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE AND ECONOMIC  
POLICIES WITH CERTAIN MAJOR TRADING  
PARTNERS OF THE UNITED STATES  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
This section strengthens and complements 
existing requirements by requiring the Sec-retary of the Treasury to submit to Congress a report on the macroeconomic and currency exchange rate policies of each country that is a major trading partner of the United States and to take specific steps if it finds that a currency is undervalued. The report is to include: 1) an analysis of various eco-nomic indicators for each major trading partner and 2) an enhanced analysis of mac-roeconomic and exchange rate policies for each major trading partner that satisfies certain economic criteria related to its bilat-eral trade balance, current account balance, and foreign exchange interventions. The new report thus strengthens existing require-ments, established in Section 3005 of the Om-nibus Trade and Competitiveness Act of 1988, regarding reporting by the Secretary to Con-gress of international economic and ex-change rate policies. The provisions direct the Secretary to conduct enhanced bilateral engagement with each country for which an enhanced analysis of macroeconomic and currency exchange rate policies is included in the report submitted by the Secretary to Congress. The Secretary may determine not to enhance bilateral engagement with a country if the Secretary determines that commencing enhanced bilateral engagement would have an adverse impact on the U.S. economy greater than the benefits of such engagement or would cause serious harm to the national security of the United States. The provision authorizes the President to take certain remedial actions regarding a country that fails to adopt appropriate poli-cies to correct the identified undervaluation and surpluses, including: 1) restrictions on U.S. government financing; 2) restrictions on U.S. government procurement; 3) additional efforts at the International Monetary Fund; or (4) by taking into account such currency policies before initiating or entering into any bilateral or regional trade agreement negotiations. 
Senate Amendment 
The Senate Amendment is similar to the 
House Amendment but contains certain vari-ations, including variations related to the economic criteria associated with an en-hanced analysis of a major trading partner, variations related to the objectives of en-hanced bilateral engagement, and variations related to a decision by the Secretary not to enhance bilateral engagement with a coun-try. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment with modified criteria in section 701(a)(2)(B), an additional item in the list of actions in section 701(b)(1) from the Senate amendment, and modified reporting requirements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.020 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9167 December 9, 2015 
SECTION 702 . ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON  
INTERNATIONAL EXCHANGE RATE POLICY  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
This section creates a nine-member advi-
sory committee to advise Treasury on inter-national exchange rates and financial poli-cies and their impact on the United States. The Senate, House, and Administration each appoint members to the committee. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 712 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 702 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
T
ITLE VIII—E STABLISHMENT OF U.S. C USTOMS  
ANDBORDER PROTECTION  
SECTION 801 . SHORT TITLE  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 801 sets forth the short title as the 
‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection Au-thorization Act.’’ 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment. 
SECTION 802 . ESTABLISHMENT OF U .S. CUSTOMS  
AND BORDER PROTECTION  
Present Law 
Section 401 of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 (HSA), at 6 U.S.C. 201, establishes the now-defunct Directorate for Border and Transportation Security headed by an Under Secretary for Border and Transportation Se-curity. 
Further, section 411 of the HSA, at 6 U.S.C. 
211, established the now-defunct United States Customs Services and it’s head, the Commissioner of Customs, within the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
House Amendment 
Section 802(a) amends section 411 of the 
HSA to formally establish U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) in title 6 of the United States Code. Section 802(a) also es-tablishes the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection as the head of the component, and the position of Deputy Com-missioner to assist the Commissioner in the management of CBP. 
Additionally, section 802(a) establishes 
operational offices within CBP. These in-clude: U.S. Border Patrol and its head, the Chief of U.S. Border Patrol; Office of Air and Marine Operations and its head, the Assist-ant Commissioner for the Office of Air and Marine Operations; the Office of Field Oper-ations and its head, the Assistant Commis-sioner for the Office of Field Operations; the Office of Intelligence and its head, the As-sistant Commissioner for the Office of Intel-ligence; the Office of International Affairs and its head, the Assistant Commissioner for the Office of International Affairs; and the Office of Internal Affairs and its head, the Assistant Commissioner for the Office of In-ternal Affairs. 
Finally, section 802(a) establishes certain 
Standard Operating Procedures, audits, and reports to be carried out and completed, mandates training for CBP officers and agents, establishes short term detention standards, and grants the Secretary addi-tional authorities to establish additional of-fices and Assistant Commissioners to carry out the functions of CBP. Section 802(b) affirms that CBP shall con-
tinue to carry out the functions, missions, duties, and authorities that were vested in them prior to the passage of this act. Fur-ther, this subsection makes clear that rules, regulations, and policies issued by CBP pur-suant to section 411 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act prior to the passage of this act shall remain in place. 
Section 802(c) clarifies that the Commis-
sioner of CBP, as well as Assistant Commis-sioners and other CBP officials, may con-tinue to serve in their roles after passage of this act. 
Section 802(d) amends 5 U.S.C. 5314 to in-
clude the Commissioner of CBP in place of the outdated ‘‘Commissioner of Customs’’’ position in the Level III Executive Pay Schedule. 
Section 802(e) amends the table of contents 
in the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to re-flect the changes made by this act. 
Section 802(f) repeals provisions in the 
HSA that are no longer necessary or have al-ready been fulfilled. These include: Sec. 416, which mandated a Government Account-ability Office report that was completed in 2003; and section 418, which required a report from the Secretary of the Treasury that was completed in 2003. 
Section 802(g) amends sections of the HSA 
to accurately reflect current titles and func-tions. In addition, 802(g) amends the HSA to maintain the Transportation Security Ad-ministration as a distinct entity within the Department of Homeland Security and grants the Secretary of Homeland Security the authority to discipline any employee of CBP or ICE who willfully deceives Congress or DHS leadership. 
Section 802(h) amends the Act of March 3, 
1927, at 19 U.S.C. 2071, et seq., to establish the Office of Trade within CBP, and its head, the Assistant Commissioner for the Office of Trade. Section 802(h) also provides for the transfer of assets, functions, and personnel from the Office of International Trade to the Office of Trade within CBP. 
Section 802(i) requires the Commissioner of 
CBP to issue a report on CBP’s Business Transformation Initiative, and a report on personal searches conducted by CBP per-sonnel. 802(i) also requires the Commissioner of CBP to conduct a Port of Entry Infra-structure Needs Assessment. 
Section 802(j) prohibits the Secretary of 
Homeland Security from entering into or re-newing an agreement with a foreign govern-ment for a Trusted Traveler Program admin-istered by CBP unless the Secretary certifies that the foreign government routinely sub-mits information to INTERPOL’s Stolen and Lost Travel Document (SLTD) database or otherwise makes such information available to the United States. 
Section 802(k) provides a sense of Congress 
supporting CBP’s Foreign Language Award Program (FLAP). 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment with modifications. 
The Conferees agree to modify section 
802(a) to specify that the Senate Committee on Finance will consider nominations of in-dividuals to fill the position of the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion. This modification will ensure that the Senate Committee on Finance will maintain its sole jurisdiction over the confirmation of the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection. In addition, the duties of the Commissioner are expanded to require the Commissioner to: 1) coordinate and integrate the security, trade facilitation, and trade en-forcement functions of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 2) direct and administer 
the commercial operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and the enforcement of the customs and trade laws of the United States; 3) ensure the overall economic secu-rity of the United States is not diminished by efforts, activities, and programs aimed at securing the homeland; and 4) ensure that the policies and regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection are consistent with the obligations of the United States pursu-ant to international agreements. 
The Conferees also agree to modify section 
802(a) to specify that the head of Air and Ma-rine Operations and the Office of Field Oper-ations will be headed by an Executive Assist-ant Commissioner. In addition, U.S. Border Patrol shall be headed by a Chief who shall be at the level of an Executive Assistant Commissioner. 
With respect to the Office of International 
Affairs in section 802(a), the Conferees agree to expand the duties of the office to require that it shall: 1) coordinate with customs au-thorities of foreign countries with respect to trade facilitation and trade enforcement; 2) advise the Commissioner with respect to matters arising in the World Customs Orga-nization and other international organiza-tions as such matters relate to the policies and procedures of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and 3) advise the Commissioner regarding international agreements to which the United States is a party as such agree-ments relate to the policies and regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
Furthermore, the Conferees also agree to 
the following changes to section 802(a): 1) Air and Marine Operations will coordinate with other appropriate agencies in detecting, identifying, and coordinating a response to threats to national security in the air do-main; 2) the Executive Assistant Commis-sioner for the Office of Field Operations shall coordinate with the Executive Assistant Commissioner for the Office of Trade with respect to the trade facilitation and trade enforcement activities of CBP; 3) the na-tional targeting center shall coordinate with the TSA, as appropriate; 4) the annual report on staffing for the Office of Field Operations may be submitted in classified form if the Executive Assistant Commissioner of the Of-fice of Field Operations determines it to be appropriate and informs the appropriate Congressional committees of the reasoning for such; 5) the Office of Intelligence shall manage the counter-intelligence operations of CBP; 6) the Office of Internal Affairs is re-named the Office of Professional Responsi-bility; 7) subsection (k) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act is modified to state that the Commissioner’s right to withhold required notifications due to national secu-rity, law enforcement, or other operational interests is unreviewable; and 8) the Com-missioner is required to continue to submit to the appropriate committees any reports that were required to be submitted prior to the passage of this Act. 
Section 802(c) is modified to clarify that 
the individuals serving as Assistant Commis-sioners may continue to serve as Executive Assistant Commissioners, as appropriate. 
Section 802(h) is modified to specify that 
the head of the Office Trade shall be an Exec-utive Assistant Commissioner. In addition, the provisions specifying the pay and quali-fications for the Executive Assistant Com-missioner of the Office of Trade are stricken. The Conferees have also agreed to allow the transfer of assets, functions, personnel, or li-abilities of the Office of International Trade to offices other than the Office of Trade if the appropriate committees are notified with the reason for such a transfer at least 90 days prior to such transfer. Furthermore, section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.022 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9168 December 9, 2015 
802(h) is modified to clarify that the indi-
vidual serving as the Assistant Commis-sioner may continue to serve as the Execu-tive Assistant Commissioner. 
Lastly, the Conferees agree to require CBP 
to develop a plan to establish an agricultural specialist career track within CBP. This agreement is codified under section 802(k). 
Subtitle B—Preclearance Operations 
SECTION 811 . SHORT TITLE  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement sets forth the 
short title as the ‘‘Preclearance Authoriza-tion Act of 2015.’’ 
SECTION 812 . DEFINITION  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement defines key 
terms. 
SECTION 813 . ESTABLISHMENT OF PRECLEARANCE  
OPERATIONS  
Present Law 
Current law (19 U.S.C. 1629 and 8 U.S.C. 
1103(a)(7)) provides the necessary legal au-thority for CBP to conduct customs and im-migration functions (e.g., inspections, sei-zures, searches, etc.) in foreign counties. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement authorizes CBP 
to operate preclearance locations, provided an aviation security preclearance agreement is in effect, in foreign countries: 1) to pre-vent terrorists, instruments of terrorism, and other security threats from entering the United States; 2) to prevent inadmissible persons from entering the United States; 3) to ensure that merchandise destined for the United States complies with applicable laws; 4) to ensure the prompt processing of persons eligible to travel to the United States; and 5) to accomplish such other objectives as the Secretary determines are necessary to pro-tect the United States. 
SECTION 814 . NOTIFICATION AND CERTIFICATION  
TO CONGRESS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement requires DHS to 
provide certain notifications and certifi-cations to appropriate congressional com-mittees. 
Section 814(a) requires the Secretary to 
provide to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 60 days prior to entering into a preclearance agreement with a foreign country the following: 1) a copy of the proposed agreement to establish such preclearance operations, which shall include the identification of the foreign country 
with which CBP intends to enter into a preclearance agreement, the location at which such preclearance operations will be conducted, and the terms and conditions for CBP personnel operating at the location; 2) an assessment of the impact such preclearance operations will have on legiti-mate trade and travel, including potential impacts on passengers traveling to the United States; 3) an assessment of the im-pacts such preclearance operations will have on CBP domestic port of entry staffing; 4) country-specific information on the antici-pated homeland security benefits associated with establishing such preclearance oper-ations; 5) information on potential security vulnerabilities associated with commencing such preclearance operations and mitigation plans to address such potential security vulnerabilities; 6) a CBP staffing model for such preclearance operations and plans for how such positions would be filled; 7) infor-mation on the anticipated costs over the next five fiscal years associated with com-mencing such preclearance operations; and 
Section 814(b) requires the Secretary to 
provide to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 45 days before en-tering into a preclearance agreement with a foreign country for preclearance operations at an airport, in addition to the information required in section 814(a), the following: 1) an 
estimate of the date on which CBP intends to establish preclearance operations under such agreement, including any pending cave-ats that must be resolved before preclearance operations are approved; 2) the anticipated funding sources for preclearance operations under such agreement, and other funding sources considered; 3) a homeland se-curity threat assessment for the country in which such preclearance operations are to be established; 4) information on potential eco-nomic, competitive, and job impacts on United States air carriers associated with es-tablishing such preclearance operations; 5) details on information sharing mechanisms to ensure that CBP has current information to prevent terrorist and criminal travel; and 6) other factors that the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary for Congress to com-prehensively assess the appropriateness of commencing such preclearance operations. 
Section 814(c) requires the Secretary to 
provide to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 60 days before en-tering into a preclearance agreement with a foreign country for preclearance operations at an airport, in addition to the information required in sections 814(a) and 814(b), the fol-lowing: 1) a certification that preclearance operations under such preclearance agree-ment, after considering alternative options, would provide homeland security benefits to the United States through the most effective means possible; 2) a certification that preclearance operations within such foreign country will be established under such agree-ment only if at least one United States pas-senger carrier operates at such airport and the access of all United States passenger car-riers to such preclearance operations is the same as the access of any non-United States passenger carrier; 3) a certification that the establishment of preclearance operations in such foreign country will not significantly increase customs processing times at United States airports; 4) a certification that rep-resentatives from CBP consulted with stake-holders, including providers of commercial air service in the United States, employees of such providers, security experts, and such other parties as the Secretary determines to be appropriate; and 5) a report detailing the basis for the certifications referred to in 1) through 4). 
Section 814(d) requires the Secretary to 
provide to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 30 days before en-
tering into a substantially amended preclearance agreement with a foreign coun-try a copy of the proposed agreement, as modified, and the justification for such modification. 
Section 814(e) requires the Commissioner 
to report to the appropriate congressional committees on a quarterly basis the number of CBP officers, by port, assigned from do-mestic ports of entry to preclearance oper-ations and the number of these positions that have been filled by another hired, trained, and equipped CBP officer. In addi-tion, if the CBP officer positions at domestic ports of entry that were reassigned to preclearance ports of entry have not been backfilled and the Commissioner determines that processing times at those domestic ports of entry have significantly increased, the Commissioner shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees not later than 60 days after such a determination an implementation plan for reducing CBP proc-essing times at those domestic ports of entry. If the Commissioner fails to submit the required implementation plan, the Sec-retary would be prohibited from establishing additional preclearance locations until such plan is submitted. 
Section 814(f) allows for the reporting re-
quirement under subsection (c)(5) to be sub-mitted in classified form. 
SECTION 815 . PROTOCOLS  
Present Law 
Current law (49 U.S.C. 44901(d)(4)) requires 
that for flights traveling to the U.S., checked baggage has been screened in ac-cordance to an aviation security preclearance agreement between the U.S. and the country of departure. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement requires the 
TSA to rescreen passengers and their bag-gage arriving from a foreign country if the Administrator of TSA determines that the foreign government has not maintained secu-rity standards and protocols comparable to those at U.S. airports at the airports at which preclearance operations have been es-tablished. 
SECTION 816 . LOST AND STOLEN PASSPORTS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement prohibits the es-
tablishment or renewal of a preclearance lo-cation with a foreign country unless the Sec-retary certifies to Congress that the foreign country routinely provides stolen passport information to INTERPOL’s Stolen and Lost Travel Document database or provides the information to the United States through comparable reporting. 
SECTION 817 . RECOVERY OF INITIAL U .S. CUSTOMS  
AND BORDER PROTECTION PRECLEARANCE OP -
ERATIONS COSTS  
Present Law 
Current law, including 8 U.S.C. 1356(i) and 
7 U.S.C. 8311(b), provides the necessary legal authority for CBP to be reimbursed for im-migration and agriculture inspection serv-ices, and other preclearance costs. 
Current law, however, does not allow CBP 
to receive payments prior to services being rendered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.023 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9169 December 9, 2015 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement allows CBP to 
enter into a cost sharing agreement with air-port authorities in foreign countries for new preclearance locations or to maintain exist-ing operations. The cost sharing agreement may provide for initial preclearance oper-ations costs. These payments may be made in advance of the incurrence of the costs or on a reimbursable basis. 
Initial preclearance operations costs in-
clude: 1) hiring, training, and equipping new CBP officers who will be stationed at U.S. ports of entry or other CBP facilities to backfill CBP officers to be stationed at a preclearance facility (payments would be prohibited once such officers are perma-nently stationed domestically after being trained) and 2) visits to the airport authority conducted by CBP personnel necessary to prepare for the establishment or mainte-nance of preclearance operations at such air-port, including the compensation, travel ex-penses, and allowances payable to such CBP personnel attributable to such visits. 
SECTION 818 . COLLECTION AND DISPOSITION OF  
FUNDS COLLECTED FOR IMMIGRATION INSPEC -
TION SERVICES AND PRECLEARANCE ACTIVI -
TIES 
Present Law 
Current law (8 U.S.C. 1356(i) and 7 U.S.C. 
8311(b)) allows the reimbursement of funds for immigration and agricultural inspection services. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement allows CBP to 
be reimbursed in advance of providing immi-gration and agricultural inspection services for preclearance operations. 
SECTION 819 . APPLICATION TO NEW AND EXISTING  
PRECLEARANCE OPERATIONS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement establishes 
that, with the exception of sections 4(d), 5, 7, and 8 of this subtitle, this subtitle shall apply only to the establishment of preclearance operations in a foreign country in which no preclearance operations have been established as of the date of the enact-ment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
T
ITLE IX—M ISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS  
SECTION 901 . DE MINIMIS VALUE  
Present Law 
Section 321(a)(2)(C) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
provides that individuals may import up to $200 in merchandise free of duties into the United States. 
House Amendment 
Section 901 raises the duty-free or de mini-
mis threshold from $200 to $800. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 901 sets out findings of Congress 
and a sense of Congress regarding thresholds for the value of articles that may be entered informally and free of duty into the United States and that the Unites States Trade Rep-
resentative should encourage foreign coun-tries to establish commercially meaningful de minimis thresholds. 
Section 901 amends section 321(a)(2)(C) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 to raise the de minimis 
threshold for the Secretary of Treasury to permit the admission of articles duty free from $200 to $800. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment. 
SECTION 902 . CONSULTATION ON TRADE AND  
CUSTOMS REVENUE FUNCTIONS  
Present Law 
Section 401(c) of the Safety and Account-
ability for Every Port Act (SAFE Port) re-quires the Secretary of Homeland Security to consult with the business community in-volved in international trade, including the COAC, on Department policies that have a significant impact on international trade and customs revenue functions. Further-more, section 401(c) requires that the Sec-retary notify the appropriate congressional committees at least 30 days before finalizing policies or actions that will have a major im-pact on international trade and customs rev-enue functions, except if it is determined that it is in the interest of national security to finalize policies or actions prior to con-sultations with the business community and appropriate congressional committees. 
House Amendment 
Section 902 amends section 401(c) of the 
SAFE Port Act by requiring the Secretary of Homeland Security to consult with the busi-ness community involved in international trade at least 30 days before proposing and at least 30 days before finalizing any Depart-ment policies or actions that will have an impact on international trade and customs revenue functions. The amendment also ex-tends the notice for appropriate congres-sional committees by requiring the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to provide at least 60 days notification before proposing and at least 60 days before finalizing Depart-ment policies or actions that have an impact on international trade. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 902 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 902 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 903 . PENALTIES FOR CUSTOMS BROKERS  
Present Law 
Section 641(d)(1) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to impose a monetary penalty or revoke or sus-pend a license or permit of any customs broker if the broker has acted contrary to law or regulations. 
House Amendment 
Section 903 amends section 641(d)(1) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 by adding to the list of of-fenses as grounds for a monetary penalty or removal of a broker license committing or conspiring to commit an act of terrorism. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 903 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 903 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. SECTION 904 . AMENDMENTS TO CHAPTER 98 OF  
THE HARMONIZED TARIFF SCHEDULE OF THE  
UNITED STATES  
Present Law 
U.S. Note 3 to subchapter II of Chapter 98 
of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) allows a partial or com-plete duty exemption for articles returned to the United States, after having been ex-ported to be advanced in value or improved in condition by means of repairs or alter-ations. It also allows goods to be entered duty free if the goods are a product of the United States when returned after having been exported, without having been advanced in value or improved in condition by any process of manufacture or other means while abroad. 
The article description for heading 
9801.00.10 of the HTS establishes that prod-ucts of the United States, when returned after having been exported without having been advanced in value or improved in condi-tion by any process of manufacture or other means abroad, will be duty-free. 
House Amendment 
Section 904(a) amends U.S. Note 3 to sub-
chapter II of Chapter 98 of the HTS by mod-ernizing existing inventory management rules by subtracting the value of U.S. compo-nents assembled into the final product that will be entered into the commerce of the United States for articles exported and re-turned after being improved abroad. 
Section 904(b) amends the article descrip-
tion for heading 9801.00.10 of the HTS by re-ducing record-keeping burdens on goods re-turned to the United States without im-provement abroad so that duties are not as-sessed twice. 
Section 904(c) amends subchapter I of chap-
ter 98 of the HTS by inserting new heading 9801.00.11, which provides duty-free treat-ment for certain U.S. government property returned to the United States. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 904 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 904 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 905 . EXEMPTION FROM DUTY OF RESIDUE  
OF BULK CARGO CONTAINED IN INSTRUMENTS  
OF INTERNATIONAL TRAFFIC PREVIOUSLY EX -
PORTED FROM THE UNITED STATES  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 905 amends General Note 3(e) of 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) to remove from formal entry requirements residue of bulk cargo contained in instruments of international traffic (IIT) previously exported from the United States. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 905 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 905 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment. 
SECTION 906 . DRAWBACK AND REFUNDS  
Present Law 
Section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930 author-
izes a refund, known as drawback, of certain duties, internal revenue taxes, and certain fees collected upon the importation of goods. Such refunds are allowed only upon the ex-portation or destruction of goods under CBP supervision. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.025 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9170 December 9, 2015 
House Amendment 
Section 906(a) amends section 313(a) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 by establishing that the amount of drawback claimed must be cal-culated pursuant to section 313(l) of the Tar-iff Act of 1930, as amended by this amend-ment. 
Section 906(b) amends section 313(b) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 by allowing substitution drawback for imported merchandise or mer-chandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS used in the manufacture or production of articles; establishing that the amount of drawback claimed must be calculated pursu-ant to section 313(l) of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by this amendment; and pro-viding that such claim must be filed within 5 years of the importation of the merchan-dise. This subsection further allows records kept in the normal course of business to be used to demonstrate the transfer of mer-chandise, requires a drawback claimant to submit a bill of materials to demonstrate the merchandise was incorporated into an ex-ported article, and provides a special rule for sought chemical elements. 
Section 906(c) amends section 313(c) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 by extending the filing deadline for drawback claims for merchan-dise not conforming to sample or specifica-tions to 5 years from the date of importa-tion. This subsection further establishes that the amount of drawback claimed must be calculated pursuant to section 313(l) of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by this amend-ment, and allows records kept in the normal course of business to be used to demonstrate the transfer of merchandise. 
Section 906(d) amends section 313(i) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 by striking the current text and replacing it with a new provision re-quiring that a person claiming drawback based on exportation shall provide proof of the exportation of the article, that such proof shall fully establish the date and fact of exportation and identity of the exporter, and may be established either by records kept in the normal course of business or through an electronic export system of the United States Government. 
Section 906(e) amends section 313(j) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 by allowing unused draw-back claims for merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading num-ber as such imported merchandise. Merchan-dise may not be substituted for imported merchandise for drawback purposes based on the 8-digit HTS if the article description for the 8-digit HTS begins with the term ‘‘other.’’ In these instances, merchandise may be substituted for imported merchan-dise if such imported merchandise is classifi-able under the same 10-digit HTS. If the 10- digit HTS begins with the term ‘‘other,’’ then substitution drawback is not permis-sible and the drawback claimant must use direct identification under section 313(a) of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by this Act. For unused merchandise that is either exported or destroyed, the Department of Commerce Schedule B number may be used to demonstrate that an article and merchan-dise are classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS without regard to whether or not the Schedule B number corresponds to more than one 8-digit HTS number. Furthermore, this subsection amends the filing deadline for drawback claims to be 5 years from the date of importation and establishes that the amount of drawback claimed must be cal-culated pursuant to section 313(l) of the Tar-iff Act of 1930, as amended by this amend-ment. 
Section 906(f) amends section 313(k) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 by providing that any per-son making a drawback claim is liable for the full amount of the drawback claimed. Any person claiming drawback shall be 
jointly and severally liable with the im-porter for the lesser of the amount of draw-back claimed or the amount the importer au-thorized the other person to claim. 
Section 906(g) amends section 313(l) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 to require the Secretary of the Treasury to prescribe regulations for claims with respect to unused merchandise drawback to establish that the calculation of drawback that cannot exceed 99 percent of the lesser of the amount of duties, taxes, and fees paid with respect to the imported mer-chandise or the amount of duties, taxes, and fees that would apply to the exported article if the exported article were imported. Sec-tion 906(g) also requires the Secretary of Treasury to prescribe regulations for claims with respect to manufactured articles into which substitute merchandise is incor-porated to establish that the calculation of drawback cannot exceed 99 percent of the lesser of the amount of duties, taxes, and fees paid with respect to the imported mer-chandise or the amount of duties, taxes, and fees that would apply to the substituted mer-chandise if the substituted merchandise were imported. This section requires the promul-gation of the necessary regulations within 2 years. Additionally, one year after the enact-ment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the regulations required under this subsection are promulgated, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the sta-tus of the regulations. 
Section 906(h) amends section 313(p) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 to require evidence of transfer to be demonstrated with records kept in the normal course of business. 
Section 906(i) amends section 313(q) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 to require the amount of drawback shall be calculated pursuant to section 313(l) of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by this amendment. 
Section 906(j) amends section 313(r) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 to establish that a draw-back entry shall be filed or applied for, as ap-plicable, no later than 5 years after the date on which merchandise on which drawback is claimed was imported. This section also re-quires that all drawback claims be filed elec-tronically no later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Section 906(k) amends section 313(s) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 by allowing a drawback successor to designate unused imported mer-chandise, other merchandise classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading num-ber as such imported merchandise, or any combination of such imported merchandise and such other merchandise, that the prede-cessor received, before the date of succes-sion, from the person who imported and paid any duties, taxes, and fees due on the im-ported merchandise as the basis for draw-back on merchandise possessed by the draw-back successor after the date of succession. 
Section 906(l) strikes section 313(t) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930. 
Section 906(m) amends section 313(x) of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 by requiring the amount of drawback claimed pursuant to section 313(l) of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by this amendment, to be reduced by the value of any materials reclaimed during the destruc-tion of unused merchandise. 
Section 906(n) defines key terms. Section 906(o) amends section 508(c)(3) of 
the Tariff Act of 1930 by requiring records for drawback claims to be maintained for 5 years after the date of liquidation. 
Section 906(p) requires the Government Ac-
countability Office (GAO) to provide the Senate Committee on Finance and the House Committee on Ways and Means with a report that shall include: 1) an assessment of the modernization of drawback and refunds; 2) a description of drawback claims that were permissible before the enactment of the bill 
that are not permissible after, and an identi-fication of industries most affected; and 3) a description of drawback claims that were not permissible before the enactment of this bill 
that are after, and an identification of indus-tries most affected. 
Section 906(q) provides that the amend-
ments made by this section shall take effect upon enactment of this bill and apply to drawback claims filed on or after the date that is 2 years after such enactment. This section also requires the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to Congress, no later than two years after enactment of this bill, on the date on which the Automated Commercial Environment (ACE) will be ready to process claims and the date on which the Automated Export System (AES) will be ready to accept proof of exportation. Lastly, this section provides for a one-year transition for filing drawback claims under section 313 as amended by this section, or under section 313 in effect before the enact-ment of this bill. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 906 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 906 of the House amend-ment with exception the following: (1) the Senate amendment permits the substitution of a manufactured article that is exported or destroyed with an article that is classifiable under the same 8-digit HTS subheading; (2) the House amendment requires CBP to pro-mulgate separate regulations for calculating drawback for unused merchandise and draw-back for articles into which substitute mer-chandise is incorporated; and (3) the Senate amendment permits a delay in the effective date of this section if the Automated Com-mercial Environment (ACE) is not ready to process drawback claims within two years after the enactment of this Act. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment with technical revisions. The Conferees agree that section 906(g) grants CBP the authority, in prescribing reg-ulations for determining the calculation of amounts refunded as drawback, to permit the drawback claim to be based upon the av-erage per unit duties, taxes, and fees as re-ported on the summary line item. This au-thority is granted to CBP solely to allow for the simplification of drawback claims. It is not granted to allow claimants to manipu-late claims in order to maximize refunds to the detriment of the revenue of the United States. The Conferees grant this authority with the expectation that CBP and the De-partment of the Treasury will study the po-tential impact of such line item averaging in drafting regulations and will forego such averaging if it is determined that line item averaging will result in a significant loss to the revenue of the United States. 
The Conferees further clarify that the ex-
isting treatment of wine under section 313(j)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 is preserved, and that the amendments to the statute do not change this treatment. Such preserva-tion, however, does not preclude the filing of drawback claims for wine under the new sub-stitution drawback procedures, subject to the restrictions in such procedures, such as the amount of drawback that may be re-funded when such procedures are used. 
With respect to claims for unused mer-
chandise under section 906(g) (adding section 313(l)(2)(B) of the Tariff Act of 1930), the Con-ferees intend that if the exported article was not imported, CBP will determine the amount of duties, taxes, and fees applicable to the exported article by applying the rate of duties, taxes, and fees applicable to the imported merchandise by substituting the value of the imported merchandise for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.026 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9171 December 9, 2015 
value of the exported article. For claims 
with respect to manufactured articles into which imported or substitute merchandise is incorporated under section 906(g) (adding section 313(l)(2)(C) of the Tariff Act of 1930), the Conferees intend that if the manufac-tured exported article contains substitute merchandise that was not imported, CBP will determine the amount of duties, taxes, and fees applicable to the imported merchan-dise by substituting the value of the im-ported merchandise for the value of the sub-stitute merchandise incorporated into the exported article. The goal of the rules estab-lished in section 906(g) (adding sections 313(l)(2)(B) and 313(l)(2)(C) of the Tariff Act of 1930) is to prevent the refund of full duties, taxes, and fees on the importation of higher value goods upon the exportation of lower value goods. The Conferees do not intend a scenario in which the drawback claimant would not receive a refund upon the applica-tion of either rule, but rather intend to limit the refund to the lesser of the import and the export. 
Lastly, the Conferees agree that section 
906(o), amending section 508(c)(3) of the Tar-iff Act of 1930, shall require records for draw-back claims to be maintained for three years after the date of liquidation. 
SECTION 907 . REPORT ON CERTAIN U .S. CUSTOMS  
AND BORDER PROTECTION AGREEMENTS  
Present Law 
Section 560 of the Department of Homeland 
Security Appropriations Act of 2013 author-izes CBP to enter into certain reimbursable fee agreements for the provision of CBP serv-ices. 
Section 559 of the Department of Homeland 
Security Appropriations Act of 2014 estab-lishes a pilot program authorizing CBP to enter into partnerships with private sector and government entities at ports of entry. 
House Amendment 
Section 911 requires the Commissioner to 
submit to Congress a detailed annual report on each reimbursable agreement and public- private partnership agreement into which CBP enters. Each report must include: 1) a description of the development of the pro-gram; 2) a description of the type of entity with which CBP entered into the agreement and the amount that entity reimbursed CBP under the agreement; 3) an identification of the type of port of entry to which the agree-ment relates and an assessment of how the agreement provides economic benefits at the port of entry; 4) a description of the services provided by CBP under the agreement during the year preceding the submission of the re-port; 5) the amount of fees collected under the agreement during that year; 6) a detailed accounting of how the fees collected under the agreement have been spent during that year; 7) a summary of any complaints or criticism received by CBP during that year regarding the agreement; 8) an assessment of the compliance with the terms of the agree-ment of the entity that entered into an agreement with CBP; 9) recommendations with respect to how activities conducted pur-suant to the agreement could function more effectively or better produce economic bene-fits; and 10) a summary of the benefits to and challenges faced by CBP and the entity that entered into an agreement with CBP. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 909 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 911 of the House amend-ment except with respect to the recipients of the report required in this section. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment and House amendment with modifications. For agreements with an air-port operator, the Conferees agree to require 
CBP to include in the annual report a de-tailed account of revenues collected by CBP to cover its operating costs at that airport from fees collected under the agreement and fees collected from other sources, including fees paid by passengers and aircraft opera-tors. Further, subsection (a) is modified to require CBP to identify the authority under which a program operates and to require the reporting of the total operating expenses of a program, and subsection (b) is modified to cover the program under which CBP collects a fee for the use of customs services at des-ignated facilities under 19 U.S.C. 58b. The conference agreement also incorporates re-porting related to the preclearance program established by subtitle B of title VIII. 
SECTION 908 . CHARTER FLIGHTS  
Present Law 
Section 13031(e)(1) of the Consolidated Om-
nibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(e)(1)) requires CBP to provide cus-toms services to passengers upon arrival in the United States in connection with sched-uled airline flights. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 910 of the Senate amendment 
amends current law to permit CBP employ-ees to provide customs services for pas-sengers and baggage on charter flights that arrive at U.S. ports of entry after normal op-erating hours, if the air carrier specifically requests the services at least four hours be-fore the flight arrives and pays any overtime fees. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment. 
SECTION 909 . UNITED STATES -ISRAEL TRADE AND  
COMMERCIAL ENHANCEMENT  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
This section sets out U.S. policy identi-
fying the importance of the bilateral U.S.- Israel trade relationship and establishes principal trade negotiating objectives, state-ments of policy, findings, and other provi-sions related to trade and commercial activi-ties affecting the United States and Israel. This section: 1) states that among the U.S. principal trade negotiating objectives for proposed trade agreements with foreign countries is the discouragement of politi-cally motivated actions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel ( i.e., BDS actions); 2) 
sets forth various statements of policy re-garding trade with and commercial activi-ties affecting Israel, including Congress’s op-position to politically motivated BDS ac-tions against Israel; 3) presents various posi-tive findings regarding the trade and com-mercial relationship between the United 
States and Israel; 4) requires the President to report annually to Congress on politically motivated BDS actions against Israel; and 5) requires that no U.S. court recognize or en-force any judgment by a foreign court against a U.S. person doing business in Israel, or any territory controlled by Israel, if the U.S. court determines that the foreign judgment is based, in whole or in part, on a determination by a foreign court that the U.S. person’s mere conduct of business oper-ations therein or with Israeli entities con-stitutes a violation of law. 
Senate Amendment 
The Senate amendment contains the state-
ments of policy contained in the House amendment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment with the exception of sec-tion 908(b)(8) of the House amendment re-
garding certain activities by U.S. states, which is excluded from the conference agree-ment. 
SECTION 910 . ELIMINATION OF CONSUMPTIVE DE -
MAND EXCEPTION TO PROHIBITION ON IMPOR -
TATION OF GOODS MADE WITH CONVICT LABOR , 
FORCED LABOR , OR INDENTURED LABOR ; RE-
PORT  
Present Law 
Section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 pro-
hibits the importation of foreign-made goods that were manufactured or produced by con-vict, forced, or indentured labor, except in such quantities as necessary to meet the consumptive demands of the United States. 
House Amendment 
Section 909 eliminates the ‘‘consumptive 
demand’’ exception to the prohibition on im-porting goods made by convict, forced, or in-dentured labor, and requires the Commis-sioner to provide an annual report to Con-gress that includes: 1) the number of in-stances in which merchandise was denied entry pursuant to this section during the preceding 1-year period; 2) a description of the merchandise denied entry pursuant to this section; and 3) such other information the Commissioner considers appropriate with respect to monitoring and enforcing 
compliance with this section. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 912 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 909 of the House amend-ment. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House and Senate amendment. 
SECTION 911 . VOLUNTARY RELIQUIDATIONS  
Present Law 
19 U.S.C. 1501 establishes that the Customs 
Service may reliquidate an entry, notwith-standing the filing of a protest, within 90 days from the date on which notice of the original liquidation is given or transmitted to the importer, the importer’s consignee, or the importer’s agent. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The Conferees agree to amend 19 U.S.C. 
1501 to establish that CBP may reliquidate an entry, notwithstanding the filing of a pro-test, within 90 days from the date of the original liquidation. 
SECTION 912 . TARIFF CLASSIFICATION OF  
RECREATIONAL PERFORMANCE OUTERWEAR  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
Section 914 of the House amendment re-
quires the U.S. International Trade Commis-sion to submit to the Senate Committee on Finance and House Ways and Means Com-mittee a report regarding the competitive-ness of the U.S. recreational performance outerwear industry no later than June 1, 2016. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
This section includes technical corrections 
with respect to HTS subheadings for rec-reational performance outerwear created in Pub. L. 114–27. 
SECTION 913 . MODIFICATIONS OF DUTY  
TREATMENT OF PROTECTIVE ACTIVE FOOTWEAR  
Present Law 
Additional U.S. Note to chapter 64 of the 
HTS contains HTS subheadings for protec-tive active footwear, which includes products 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.027 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9172 December 9, 2015 
such as certain water resistant hiking shoes, 
trekking shoes, and train running shoes, and ensures they carry a 20 percent duty rate. Current law requires that any staged reduc-tions in duties as may be required by U.S. free trade agreements for athletic footwear will also apply to protective active footwear. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
Section 913 contains technical corrections 
to Additional U.S. Note to chapter 64. 
SECTION 914 . AMENDMENTS TO BIPARTISAN CON -
GRESSIONAL TRADE PRIORITIES AND ACCOUNT -
ABILITY ACT OF 2015  
Present Law 
The Bipartisan Congressional Trade Prior-
ities and Accountability Act of 2015 sets forth negotiating objectives, procedures for consulting with Congress, and provisions for the consideration of trade agreements. 
House Amendment 
This section amends the Bipartisan Con-
gressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015. Subsection (a) ensures that trade agreements do not require changes to U.S. immigration law or obligate the United States to grant access or expand access to visas issued under 8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15). Subsection (b) ensures that trade agreements do not establish obligations for the United States regarding greenhouse gas emissions measures. Subsection (c) adds a negotiating objective related to fisheries. Subsection (d) allows the Chair and Ranking Member of the House and Senate Advisory Groups to each send up to three personnel to serve as delegates to negotiating rounds. Subsection (e) perfects the negotiating ob-jective on human trafficking to require countries to take concrete steps to address trafficking. Subsection (f) makes technical amendments. Subsection (g) makes these amendments effective as if included in the enactment of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House Amendment, with modifications to the climate change, and fisheries negotiating objectives; the provisions on delegates at-tending negotiating rounds; and human traf-ficking. 
With regard to section 914(b), this negoti-
ating objective reaffirms that, consistent with current practice, trade agreements are not to establish obligations for the United States regarding greenhouse gas emissions measures, other than those fulfilling the other negotiating objectives in section 102 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Prior-ities and Accountability Act of 2015. This ob-jective is not intended to prevent trade agreements from including generally appli-cable or horizontal commitments, such as those regarding transparency or non-discrimination, that may also apply to such requirements, nor to prevent trade agree-ments from including obligations consistent with other negotiating objectives addressed in the Bipartisan Trade Priorities and Ac-countability Act of 2015, including those re-lating to the environment, the reduction of tariffs on environmental goods, or fisheries as provided in this Conference Report. Were an agreement to include a provision estab-lishing obligations regarding U.S. green-house gas emissions measures as specified in the Conference Report, a bill approving the agreement should be disqualified from eligi-
bility for trade authorities procedures and should be considered under regular order, just like an agreement that fails to make progress in achieving the negotiating objec-tives set forth in section 102 of the Bipar-tisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Ac-countability Act of 2015. 
With regard to Section 914(d), the Con-
ference additionally clarifies that Members of Congress and personnel designated by the Chair and Ranking Member of the House and Senate Advisory Groups shall be delegates and official advisors to any trade agreement negotiating round. 
With regard to section 914(e), this provi-
sion follows the House Amendment with ad-ditional changes to incorporate the sense of Congress that the integrity of the annual trafficking in persons report and report proc-ess should be respected and should not be af-fected by unrelated considerations, to re-quire that the President provide supporting documentation with any letter submitted pursuant to the exception, and to require the President to submit a detailed description of the credible evidence supporting a change in designation from tier 3 to tier 2 watch list. 
SECTION 915 . TRADE PREFERENCES FOR NEPAL  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement creates a addi-
tional trade preferences for Nepal. The pro-gram requires Nepal to satisfy the eligibility criteria of the Africa Growth and Oppor-tunity Act to be eligible for duty-free treat-ment of certain articles imported from Nepal. The provision is in response to the re-cent natural disaster in Nepal. 
SECTION 916 . AGREEMENT BY ASIA -PACIFIC ECO -
NOMIC COOPERATION MEMBERS TO REDUCE  
RATES OF DUTY ON CERTAIN ENVIRONMENTAL  
GOODS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
Section 916 amends section 107 of the Trade 
Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 to allow the President to use section 103(a) au-thorities to implement an agreement by members of the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation (APEC) forum to reduce any rate of duty on certain environmental goods in-cluded in annex C of the APEC Leaders Dec-laration issued on September 9, 2012, not-withstanding the notification requirement in section 103(a)(2). Such authority may be ex-ercised only after the President notifies Con-gress, consistent with this provision. 
SECTION 917 . AMENDMENT TO TARIFF ACT OF 1930  
TO REQUIRE COUNTRY OF ORIGIN MARKING OF  
CERTAIN CASTINGS  
Present Law 
Section 304(e) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1304(e)) requires that certain products (e.g., manhole rings) have visible country of 
origin markings. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 911 of the Senate amendment 
amends section 304(e) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1304(e)) to include inlet frames, 
tree and trench grates, lampposts, lamppost bases, cast utility poles, bollards, hydrants, and utility boxes in the list of products which must be imprinted with a country of origin marking. This section also amends current law by requiring the aforementioned marking to be in a location such that it will remain visible after installation. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment. 
SECTION 918 . INCLUSION OF CERTAIN INFORMA -
TION IN SUBMISSION OF NOMINATION FOR AP -
POINTMENT OF DEPUTY UNITED STATES TRADE  
REPRESENTATIVE  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 907 of the Senate amendment re-
quires that, when the President submits to the Senate for its advice and consent a nomi-nation of an individual for appointment as a 
Deputy United States Trade Representative, the President shall include in that submis-sion information on the country, regional of-fices, and functions of the Office of the United States Trade Representative with re-spect to which that individual will have re-sponsibility. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the Sen-
ate amendment with additional reporting re-quirements. 
SECTION 919 . SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE NEED  
FOR A MISCELLANEOUS TARIFF BILL PROCESS  
Present Law 
No provision. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
Title VIII of the Senate amendment estab-
lished a process for the consideration of tem-porary duty suspensions and reductions. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement states that it is 
the sense of Congress that the Senate Fi-nance Committee and the House Ways and Means Committee are urged to advance, as soon as possible, after consultation with the public and Members of the Senate and the House of Representatives, a process for the temporary suspension and reduction of du-ties that is consistent with the rules of the Senate and the House. 
SECTION 920 . CUSTOMS USER FEES  
Present Law 
Under section 13031(a) of the Consolidated 
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to charge and collect fees for the provision of certain customs services. Pursuant to sec-tion 13031(j)(3), the Secretary of the Treasury may not charge fees for the provision of cer-tain customs services after September 30, 2024. 
House Amendment 
Section 910 amends section 13031(j)(3)(A) of 
the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 to extend the period that the Secretary of the Treasury may charge for certain customs services for imported goods from July 8, 2025 to July 28, 2025, and extends the ad valorem rate for the Merchan-dise Processing Fee collected by CBP that offsets the costs incurred in processing and inspecting imports from July 1, 2025 to July 14, 2025. 
Senate Amendment 
Section 1002 of the Senate amendment is 
the same as section 910 of the House amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.029 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9173 December 9, 2015 
1See United States v. Boyle , 469 U.S. 241, 245 (1985). 
2Sec. 6651(a)(1). 
3Sec. 6651(f). 
4Sec. 6651(b)(1). 
5Sec. 6651(a)(1). 
6Sec. 6651(c)(1). 
7Ibid. 
8Sec. 6651(a)(1). 
9Sec. 6651(e). Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment and the Senate amend-ment and makes technical corrections to the drafting. 
SECTION 921 . INCREASE IN PENALTY FOR FAILURE  
TO FILE RETURN OF TAX  
Present Law 
The Federal tax system is one of ‘‘self-as-
sessment,’’ i.e., taxpayers are required to de-
clare their income, expenses, and ultimate tax due, while the IRS has the ability to pro-pose subsequent changes. This voluntary sys-tem requires that taxpayers comply with deadlines and adhere to the filing require-ments. While taxpayers may obtain exten-sions of time in which to file their returns, the Federal tax system consists of specific due dates of returns. In order to foster com-pliance in meeting these deadlines, Congress has enacted a penalty for the failure to time-ly file tax returns.
1 
A taxpayer who fails to file a tax return on 
or before its due date is subject to a penalty equal to 5 percent of the net amount of tax due for each month that the return is not filed, up to a maximum of 25 percent of the net amount.
2If the failure to file a return is 
fraudulent, the taxpayer is subject to a pen-alty equal to 15 percent of the net amount of tax due for each month the return is not filed, up to a maximum of 75 percent of the net amount.
3The net amount of tax due is 
the amount of tax required to be shown on the return reduced by the amount of any part of the tax which is paid on or before the date prescribed for payment of the tax and by the amount of any credits against tax which may be claimed on the return.
4The 
penalty will not apply if it is shown that the failure to file was due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect.
5 
If a return is filed more than 60 days after 
its due date, and unless it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause, the failure to file penalty may not be less than the less-er of $135 (indexed annually for inflation) or 100 percent of the amount required to be shown as tax on the return. If a penalty for failure to file and a penalty for failure to pay tax shown on a return both apply for the same month, the amount of the penalty for failure to file for such month is reduced by the amount of the penalty for failure to pay tax shown on a return.
6If a return is filed 
more than 60 days after its due date, the pen-alty for failure to pay tax shown on a return may not reduce the penalty for failure to file below the lesser of $135 or 100 percent of the amount required to be shown on the return.
7 
The failure to file penalty applies to all re-
turns required to be filed under subchapter A 
of Chapter 61 (relating to income tax returns of an individual, fiduciary of an estate or trust, or corporation; self-employment tax returns, and estate and gift tax returns), sub-chapter A of chapter 51 (relating to distilled spirits, wines, and beer), subchapter A of chapter 52 (relating to tobacco, cigars, ciga-rettes, and cigarette papers and tubes), and subchapter A of chapter 53 (relating to ma-chine guns and certain other firearms).
8The 
failure to file penalty does not apply to any failure to pay estimated tax required to be paid by sections 6654 or 6655.
9 
House Amendment 
Under the provision, if a return is filed 
more than 60 days after its due date, then the failure to file penalty may not be less 
than the lesser of $205 or 100 percent of the amount required to be shown as tax on the return. 
Effective date .—The provision applies to re-
turns required to be filed in calendar years after 2015. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
The conference agreement follows the 
House amendment provision. 
SECTION 922 . PERMANENT MORATORIUM ON  
INTERNET ACCESS TAXES AND ON MULTIPLE  
AND DISCRIMINATORY TAXES ON ELECTRONIC  
COMMERCE  
Present Law 
The temporary moratorium on states and 
localities taxing Internet access or placing multiple and discriminatory taxes on Inter-net commerce expires on December 11, 2015. 
House Amendment 
No provision. 
Senate Amendment 
No provision. 
Conference Agreement 
Section 922 makes permanent an existing 
moratorium on states and localities taxing Internet access or placing multiple and dis-criminatory taxes on Internet commerce. The existing temporary ban was first put in place in 1998. Since then, Congress has ex-tended it multiple times with enormous bi-partisan support. Section 922 converts the moratorium into a permanent ban—on which consumers, innovators and investors can per-manently rely—by simply striking the 2015 end date. The original moratorium included a grandfather clause to give States that were then taxing Internet access some time to transition to other sources of revenue. All but six of the originally grandfathered states have discontinued taxing Internet access. Section 922 gives those states additional time by delaying the phase-out of the grand-fathers until June 30, 2020 which is the end of the fiscal year for states and the start of a new billing cycle for Internet access pro-viders. 
MINORITY VIEWS 
During the Senate’s consideration of legis-
lation earlier this year, Finance Committee Ranking Member Ron Wyden, Senator Bill Nelson (D–FL), and Senator Ben Cardin (D– MD), members of the Finance Committee, expressed their support for the establish-ment of a process whereby Congress would consider the merits of an extension of cer-tain apparel Tariff Preference Levels (TPLs). It is the view of Senator Wyden that these programs can offer benefits to U.S. con-sumers, workers, and exporters, and Con-gress should further consider the merits of an extension of the Nicaragua, Bahrain, and Morocco TPLs. 
K
EVIN BRADY , 
DAVID REICHERT , 
PATTIBERI , 
Managers on the Part of the House. 
ORRIN HATCH , 
JOHNCORNYN , 
JOHNTHUNE , 
JOHNNY ISAKSON , 
RONWYDEN , 
DEBBIE STABENOW , 
Managers on the Part of the Senate. 
f 
RED RIVER PRIVATE PROPERTY 
PROTECTION ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the bill, H.R. 2130. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
F
LEISCHMANN ). Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 556 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2130. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. P
OE) to preside over 
the Committee of the Whole. 
b1510 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2130) to provide legal certainty to property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other purposes, with Mr. P
OEof 
Texas in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
General debate shall not exceed 1 
hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
The gentleman from Utah (Mr. 
B
ISHOP ) and the gentlewoman from 
Massachusetts (Ms. T SONGAS ) each will 
control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
this is an extremely important bill to the people who live in this particular area of Texas and Oklahoma. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ), the subcommittee chair 
who heard this bill. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
every now and then, we have a chance to stop an injustice and restore the fundamental purpose of our govern-ment to secure the inalienable rights of the people. In this instance, the Fed-eral Government has become destruc-tive of this end. It is attempting to seize thousands of acres of private land lawfully owned by American citizens along a 116-mile stretch of the Red River between Texas and Oklahoma. Mr. T
HORNBERRY ’s bill would stop this 
injustice, reassert the rule of law, and restore the unclouded title of these lands to their rightful owners. 
In 1923, the U.S. Supreme Court es-
tablished the rules for determining the boundary between Texas and Oklahoma that established the property rights over this land. For nearly a century, the Federal Government recognized and respected the property lines estab-lished by this ruling. Property owners purchased and sold this land and, in some cases, passed it down from gen-eration to generation. These property owners, in good faith, dutifully paid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.030 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9174 December 9, 2015 
taxes on their lands year after year, in-
vested in these lands, maintained them, cultivated them, and improved them. 
Out of the blue, the Bureau of Land 
Management has now announced that it is arbitrarily changing the bound-aries established by the Supreme Court and is seizing this land for itself. 
b1515 
This outrageous claim clouds the 
property rights along this vast terri-tory. It is based on the flimsiest of pre-texts, a limited survey over a fraction of this land that ignored the 1923 Su-preme Court decree that originally es-tablished these boundary lines. In other words, it is a guess based upon a fraud. 
The Red River Private Property Pro-
tection Act rights this obvious wrong. It requires the Federal Government, in conjunction with the affected State and tribal governments, to make clear the true ownership of this property. 
It tells the BLM to back off, and au-
thorizes a collaborative survey to be conducted by the affected State and tribal governments, according to the rule of law established by the Supreme 
Court. And if this new survey deter-mines any errors in the old, it provides that the landowners who have poured their blood, toil, tears, and sweat into this land can repurchase it for a $1.25 per acre, the price set by the Color of Title Act to resolve disputes of this na-ture. 
Without this act, title to the farms 
and homes will be clouded for decades while this matter drags on through the courts. 
Meanwhile, the BLM’s assertion that 
it has regulatory jurisdiction would have devastating impacts on local landowners and businesses and make it much more difficult to encourage eco-nomic development in the region. 
We should also beware of an amend-
ment sought by several neighboring tribal governments that attempts to seize this property for themselves. De-spite the fact that this bill is to be amended to reaffirm all tribal treaties to assure that the tribes are an inte-gral part of the new survey process, and are guaranteed the right of first re-fusal over any lands they currently oc-cupy, they are seeking to replace the injustice perpetrated by the BLM with an injustice of their own. 
Whether private property is seized by 
the Federal Government or by a tribal government makes no difference to the innocent victims whose land is being stolen, and it is an equal affront to the just principles of property rights that this bill seeks to restore. 
Tribal governments whose own sov-
ereignty and property rights are often threatened by this Federal Government ought to be particularly sensitive when that same government threatens the rights of others. 
Government exists to protect our 
natural rights, including our property rights. This bill realigns our govern-ment with its stated purpose. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 2130, the Red River Private 
Property Protection Act, sponsored by Representative T
HORNBERRY of Texas, 
aims to resolve a series of property dis-putes along a 116-mile stretch of the Red River, which forms a portion of the boundary between Texas and Okla-homa. 
While this legislation may seem like 
an issue with only local or regional in-terests, it speaks to broader policy issues on our Nation’s public lands, lands which belong to all Americans. 
I am sympathetic to the concerns of 
Mr. T
HORNBERRY and his constituents. 
Landowners in the area, some of whom have lived there for generations, de-serve clarification on the amount of land owned by the Federal Government and the location of the boundary be-tween Texas and Oklahoma. 
However, as written, I am concerned 
that this legislation undermines the authority of the Federal Government, and potentially jeopardizes long-standing mineral revenue distribution agreements with the State of Okla-homa and certain Native American tribes. 
Federal interest in land along the 
Red River goes back to the Louisiana Purchase. More than 200 years later, after several treaties and compacts, there is still confusion about the amount of land owned by the Federal Government and the location of the boundary between Texas and Okla-homa. 
The majority rightly cites a 1926 Su-
preme Court case that established the gradient boundary method as the means of determining the boundary be-tween the two States, Texas and Okla-homa. 
Under this decision, which has been 
adhered to for nearly a century, the boundary of Oklahoma extends to the center of the river, and the Texas 
boundary extends to the ordinary high water mark on the south bank. All the land in between was retained in Fed-eral ownership. 
The Supreme Court ruling estab-
lished the boundary between the States, but it did not change the own-ership status of any land, and the Fed-eral Government has had a continual interest in land along the Red River. 
To complicate matters even further, 
the area has a long history of oil and gas development and includes several tribal interests. 
The Bureau of Land Management, 
the Federal Government’s ‘‘Surveyor of Record,’’ is in the process of updating its management plan for the area, which includes surveying all of the land in question, in order to determine the extent of the remaining Federal in-terest and clarify ownership claims. 
There are many overlapping claims, 
missing and unreliable records, and even competing claims from both Texas and Oklahoma over the same pieces of property, so the BLM is poring through county GIS data to sort out who owns what and where. This survey is not a land grab by the 
Federal Government. It is a long, but necessary, process that BLM must work through to validate ownership claims. 
In fact, BLM wants to limit Federal 
interest in the region. But it has to be allowed to survey the area first. 
There are an estimated 30,000 acres of 
Federal land in the affected area, 23,000 of which are potentially overlaid by private deeds. Without the survey, the agency will have no legal way to give a clear title to land claimed by a private interest or determine what Federal land is suitable for sale. 
Unfortunately, H.R. 2130 halts the 
survey process, nullifies all previous BLM surveys, and transfers survey au-thority to the Texas General Land Of-fice. The bill also requires the Sec-retary of the Interior to forfeit any right, title, and interest to land in the affected area. 
Taking away BLM’s survey authority 
and putting the Texas General Land Office in control of the survey would effectively make a large portion of the estimated Federal landholdings dis-appear. The result is unfair to Amer-ican taxpayers, who deserve fair com-pensation for their assets. 
H.R. 2130 could also jeopardize a long-
standing agreement between the Fed-eral Government and the Kiowa, Apache, and Comanche tribes. These tribes receive 62.5 percent of any roy-alty generated for oil and gas develop-ment along this section of the Red River. If part of this land no longer be-longs to the Federal Government, this important source of revenue relied on by the tribes could also vanish. 
Yesterday, the Natural Resources 
Committee received a letter from the Kiowa-Comanche Intertribal Land Use Committee that outlined serious con-cerns with the bill, as introduced. We were unable to hear about these con-cerns until now, because we have not had a hearing on this bill in this Con-gress. 
Representative C
OLE has offered an 
amendment to address the concerns of these tribes. His amendment will en-sure that the mineral and surface in-terests held by tribes are not dimin-ished by this bill. The Cole amendment makes significant improvements to the bill, and I am glad the Rules Com-mittee made it in order. 
Adoption of the Cole amendment, 
however, does not address all of our concerns or remove our fundamental opposition to the bill. 
I want to reiterate, we would all like 
to see the property dispute resolved in a way that benefits all parties and pro-vides much-needed clarification for local landowners and tribes. However, instead of ceding Federal authority to a State, Congress should allow BLM to complete its work. 
I urge my colleagues to reject H.R. 
2130. 
Before I reserve my time, I want to 
note that, as we approach the end of the year, there are critical issues that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.043 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9175 December 9, 2015 
we have yet to address. Funding the 
Federal Government, extending tax breaks and, yes, addressing the scourge of gun violence in this country are just a few that deserve our urgent atten-tion, instead of debating this bill, which the President will likely veto. 
For example, Representative K
ING’s 
bill, H.R. 1076, the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists 
Act is a bipartisan and commonsense bill that would make our communities safer. 
Since 2004, for 11 years now, more 
than 2,000 FBI-identified suspected ter-rorists have legally purchased weapons in the United States. This is an alarm-ing figure. 
That is why I am a cosponsor of Re-
publican Congressman P
ETER KING’s 
bill, which would prevent people who are linked to terrorist activities from buying a gun, a commonsense bill that has support from both Republicans and Democrats, and would protect our com-munities. 
It is pretty simple. If the Federal 
Government doesn’t allow you to board an airplane, it shouldn’t allow you to buy a gun. 
I have joined my colleagues in filing 
a discharge petition to force a vote on this bill after House Republicans have repeatedly voted to prevent the House from even debating Congressman 
K
ING’s bill. 
We should be doing everything we 
can to keep deadly weapons out of the hands of suspected terrorists. It is just common sense to allow a vote on this. 
I urge the Republican leadership to 
allow on vote on this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
For people whose homes and lives are 
being threatened by inaction or an im-proper action of the Federal Govern-ment, that is a critical issue to them. This bill is significantly important to people who are being harmed by the Federal Government. 
So this is what happened: In 2009, the 
Bureau of Land Management, they did a survey on 6,000 acres, out of a poten-tial of about 90,000 acre piece of prop-erty. They used poor surveying meth-ods, methods that were outlawed by the Supreme Court back in the 1920s because of the inaccuracy of the meth-od they used. 
Four years later, this Bureau then 
decided, based on the inaccurate sur-veying done in an improper way, that they would lay claim to 90,000 acres. They later reduced that number some-what, even though people lived on the land they were claiming. Their homes were there. Their future was there. They had a valid title to that land. They had been paying taxes on that land for years. 
Nonetheless, the government decided 
it was theirs. The government had no use for this land. They had no plan. They had no need for it. All it was was about control. Even the BLM workers who were on 
the field that understood, they didn’t want this. It was made up here in the higher levels of people who want to control. And even though they own a third of the land mass of the United States, that simply was not enough. They wanted to go after the homes of these people as well. 
If people were in the way of that con-
trol, they didn’t care. If property rights were in the way of that control, they didn’t care. 
We have seen this issue played over 
and over on this floor recently. We had a bill the other day in the State of Vir-ginia, where 1 acre, 1 acre of a park that was not being used was needed for a daycare center, and the Park Service was opposed to it because it took their control away from that 1 acre of land. Fortunately, we passed that bill on a voice vote. 
There is a school, a middle school in 
Reno, Nevada, that was stopped by the BLM because it was going to be put on land that was 12 miles away from a po-tential sage grouse lek. That was stopped. 
There is a lake in Louisiana where 
the exact same thing is happening on 200 acres around that particular lake, a bad survey in which the Federal Gov-ernment says, oh, give us time to fix this problem. 
The bottom line is, we are seeing, 
time after time after time, in which ac-tions by the Federal Government, spe-cifically, the Department of the Inte-rior, are actually hurting people, and that is wrong. We must stop that. 
We are here in the people’s House. It 
is incumbent upon us, if an agency of government, an administration, or a bureaucracy does something to harm people, it is our responsibility to change that, to challenge it, and to set it right. 
If the bureaucracy decides to become 
heartless thugs and tries to take away property rights, tries to take away homes, then we, the Representatives of the people, need to have this time to stand up there and say, no, it is wrong; we need to do it the right way. 
That is exactly what the bill before 
us does. It says: Stop this inaccuracy. Stop this offense. Stop hurting people. Redo the survey, but redo it in a proper way, and put in a source of process where those who have actual rights on this land can go about and get their rights. 
If that undermines the Federal Gov-
ernment, which has had 6 years to redo the survey, and do it the right way, then it is incumbent upon us. If they have done something wrong, we need to fix it. 
This bill in no way, shape, or form 
has any negative impact on anybody’s mineral rights. Whether it is the gov-ernment, tribes, or individuals, it does not harm them. 
But it is our job to make sure we do 
something. We, in this body, set the standards and the boundaries of what government should do, not a faceless bureaucracy. And when that faceless 
bureaucracy, after a great deal of time, fails to do their job, that is when we, as a body, need to stand up and set things right to protect the people whom we represent. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ). 
(Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I am appalled that Re-
publicans are continuing to ignore the calls that Mr. T
HOMPSON has led to 
bring up my good friend from New York, Republican P
ETER KING’s bipar-
tisan bill to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists. 
It is remarkable enough that individ-
uals on the terrorist watch list are able to freely purchase weapons in this country, weapons that could then be turned against innocent Americans. 
In fact, the GAO report showed that 
over the last 10 years, 90 percent of the people on the terrorist watch list who wanted to buy a weapon passed a back-ground check. That is simply out-rageous. 
b1530 
But it is extraordinary that, knowing 
of this truly absurd policy, Republicans refuse to bring Mr. K
INGof New York’s 
aptly named Denying Firearms and Ex-plosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act. 
Mr. Chairman, protecting our Nation 
from its enemies motivates my work here in Congress, as it should motivate all of us. That Members on the other side of the aisle are in such thrall to gun advocates that they would place their political aspirations above our national security shocks the con-science. This cannot be. 
Mr. Chairman, I hope you will see 
Mr. K
ING’s worthy bill on the floor 
without delay 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ), the 
sponsor of this bill. He is someone who has been working for at least 6 long years to try to make sure that the Fed-eral Government stops its harming of individuals in taking away their prop-erty and their homes. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, 
first, I want to express my appreciation to Chairman B
ISHOP not only for bring-
ing this bill to the floor, but for taking the time to understand the issues, how they came to be, and cutting to the heart of the matter. I thought he did an outstanding job of explaining the challenges that my constituents face. Also, Subcommittee Chairman M
CCLIN-
TOCK has done an excellent job of talk-
ing about this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, it is absolutely true. 
This specific legislation applies only to the 116-mile stretch of the Red River 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.044 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9176 December 9, 2015 
that is at issue here; but one point I 
completely agree with the gentle-woman from Massachusetts on is that the consequences of this extend far be-yond those 116 miles, because if the Federal Government can come in and, through a regulatory process, say this land that you may have a deed to, that you may have paid taxes on for genera-tions, that you may think you own, is not yours but is really ours, then that threatens private property rights throughout the country. 
I would suggest, Mr. Chairman, that 
that is the reason the American Farm Bureau, the Oklahoma Farm Bureau, the Texas Farm Bureau, the National Cattlemen’s Association, and the Pub-lic Lands Council all support this legis-lation, because private property rights are very important to be protected wherever they may be threatened. 
Now, the bottom line, as Chairman 
B
ISHOP just mentioned, is that the 
BLM conducted some surveys several years ago, spot surveys, and they refuse to follow the mandates of the Supreme Court in its 1926 decision. The rest of the story is, BLM has indicated they will never survey the whole 116 miles. So, as the gentlewoman from Massachusetts points out, well, there is confusion, and this, that, and the other. The only way to straighten it out is to conduct a survey of the whole area and do it under the mandate, the way the Supreme Court of the United States said it should be done. BLM has said they are not going to do that. The only way to get that done is to support this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I do appreciate the 
gentlewoman from Massachusetts ac-curately described how there got to be this narrow strip of Federal land from the middle of the river to the south bank. Some people don’t understand that. The gentlewoman described it ex-actly right. But that has been the prob-lem for the BLM. They don’t know how to manage a narrow strip of sand down the middle of the river. It has been sug-gested to me that that is the reason they are looking to expand what they own, so it is easier to manage if they can make it grow. Obviously, as the chairman points out, that takes away people’s homes, property that people have the deeds to and that they have paid taxes on sometimes for genera-tions. 
The other misstatement that has 
been made is that somehow Texas is going to control this survey. That is not true. This legislation says Texas, in conjunction with Oklahoma—and I think the manager’s amendment will say in conjunction with the tribes— will choose a professional surveyor to do this right. The Congressional Budg-et Office says this legislation actually saves the taxpayers money. Certainly, we have bent over backwards to make sure landowners on both sides of the river—the tribes, individuals, and local governments—are part of this process. 
I think the bottom line, Mr. Chair-
man, is the only way to prevent the BLM from taking this land in a timely 
way without years of court battles is to pass this legislation, as written, with the manager’s amendment that Chair-man B
ISHOP will offer, requiring there 
to be a survey that is done right, and then set up the process so that what-ever that survey reveals can be dealt with in an equitable manner. That is what the underlying bill does. 
Again, I appreciate the chairman’s 
taking the time to understand this. We don’t have a lot of Federal land in and around Texas, but any time the Fed-eral Government comes in to try to confiscate what people own and have paid taxes on for generations, it is a threat to us all, and this legislation, I hope, will be supported. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ), my col-
league. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I too be-lieve that Congress must act quickly to address terrorist threats in order to keep Americans safe. 
Congress promptly acted in a bipar-
tisan manner this week to strengthen glaring holes in our country’s Visa Waiver Program. However, we have done absolutely nothing to close an equally alarming loophole which al-lows suspected terrorists to purchase guns. 
Unlike felons, domestic abusers, and 
the adjudicated mentally ill, suspected terrorists can legally purchase fire-arms in the United States. I think that is worth repeating. Individuals who are suspected of being involved in terrorist activities by the FBI can legally pur-chase dangerous weapons—including military-style assault rifles and explo-sives—in this country. In fact, more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s ter-rorist watch list have purchased fire-arms over the last 11 years. 
If our intelligence community is con-
cerned enough about an individual’s suspected ties to terrorism to prohibit them from boarding an aircraft, why would we allow that person to purchase a firearm? 
The American people are urging Con-
gress to address gun violence and strengthen our Nation’s security against increasing threats from ISIS and other terrorist organizations. This bill provides a rare opportunity to do both. Unfortunately, the Republican leadership has refused to even debate this bill. 
We cannot, Mr. Chairman, wait to 
act any longer. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and help ensure that every American lives free from the threat of gun violence. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ), my colleague. 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, here is what the terrorists say: ‘‘America is absolutely awash with eas-
ily obtainable firearms. You can go down to a gun show at the local con-vention center and come away with a fully automatic assault rifle, without a background check, and most likely without having to show an identifica-tion card.’’ 
Those words, Mr. Chairman, are from 
the mouth of former al Qaeda spokes-man Adam Gadahn, who, until his de-mise, was one of the world’s most wanted terrorists. Mr. Gadahn can be seen on a video urging lone-wolf at-tacks on innocent Americans. 
After describing how easy it is to buy 
a firearm in our country, he ends the video by saying: ‘‘So what are you waiting for?’’ 
So I ask this Congress: What are we 
waiting for—more attacks like San Bernardino or Paris? more families de-stroyed? more innocent lives wasted? more 30 seconds of silence in this Chamber? 
Let’s save some lives today. Say 
‘‘no’’ to the purchase of weapons by those who would use violence and threats to destroy our way of life. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I have some other speakers who are on their way, so I will reserve in the hopes that I can hear some other speeches that care about people who are about to lose their homes by the actions of this government, that we actually care about those people. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to ad-
dress an issue that has been addressed in the course of our conversations. 
The majority continues to claim that 
the Federal Government does not and has never had any legal claim to the land between the river’s median and the south bank, but that claim is inac-curate. 
This 116-mile stretch of the river 
originally came into Federal ownership under the Louisiana Purchase in 1803. Treaties between 1819 and 1838 estab-lished the south bank of the Red River as the southern border of the United States and the northern border of what is now the State of Texas. In 1867, the land north of the river became part of the Kiowa-Comanche-Apache Reserva-tion, with the medial line of the river denoting the reservation’s southern boundary. 
All land between the medial line and 
the southern bank of the Red River was retained—not acquired—by the Federal Government as public land. The land between the medial line and the south bank has never been owned by anyone other than the Federal Government. 
The Supreme Court decision in the 
1920s never ceded ownership of the pub-lic land to either State but simply adopted a new methodology and termi-nology for determining where the southern bank of the Red River, still the border between Texas and Okla-homa, lies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.046 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9177 December 9, 2015 
Although litigation in the 1980s, re-
sulting from natural changes in the river’s location, attempted to settle private landowners’ acreage disputes, these agreements had no effect on Fed-eral land ownership. Likewise, while the Red River Compact changed the boundary between the States by switching from applying the gradient line measurement to using the vegeta-tion line, that compact explicitly did not transfer any title or status of land held in the public domain to Texas, Oklahoma, or any private landowner. Any claim that any litigation or agree-ments over the past 90-plus years have somehow negated Federal ownership of these 30,000 acres simply is not true. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield, once again, such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ), the sponsor 
of this bill, to explain how this actu-ally did take place and what the issue is here. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
appreciate that statement by the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts. I do not disagree with anything she said, and I think I said that a while ago, that there absolutely is a legitimate Fed-eral claim from the middle of the river to the south bank. That has been the case ever since 1803. The gentlewoman is exactly right in laying that out. 
The problem is that the Bureau of 
Land Management has said now the south bank is as much as a mile to the south of where it is because they refuse to follow the survey method that the Supreme Court mandated. They have done these spot surveys the chairman mentioned. 
It is not a question about the middle 
of the river to the south bank. It is a question of where the south bank is. In some cases, it is a tremendous dif-ference back, and that is where they confiscate the land. It is because their new interpretation of the south bank is far, far away from the river, as I say, as much as a mile. That is the issue. That is the reason the only way to solve this is to have a professional survey define the south bank using the criteria set by the Supreme Court, and then that decides it. 
Will there continue to be Federal 
land between the south bank and the middle of the river? Absolutely. BLM has said they don’t know what they are going to do with it because it is a nar-row strip of sand. But the key is to de-fine that boundary so we don’t take away the livelihood and the homes of the people who have lived and had deeds on the land far beyond the south bank. That is what is at issue here. 
Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, just to address an 
issue that my colleague from Texas has brought up, the BLM is trying to re-solve the very difference that he sug-gests and has instituted a survey and 
would like to continue that process in order to resolve the very issue that he is raising, but it is an issue that should be retained by the Federal Government through the BLM. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
when you can’t do a survey in 6 years, maybe somebody should insist the Fed-eral Government’s agencies do it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
if I could inquire of the gentlewoman from Massachusetts how many more speeches she has. There is one person coming down, but I don’t know if he will make it. I think, in light of the time, I am ready to close if she is ready to close. 
b1545 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I am 
ready to close and yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to conclude by acknowledging 
that I sympathize with the property owners along the Red River. Providing them with certainty and assurance that their property rights are not threatened is a goal that we should all share, and we do. 
Unfortunately, this bill will only 
complicate an already complicated and messy situation. As introduced, it will likely lead to litigation from tribes and tribal members who stand to lose both property and mineral interests. 
Furthermore, this bill requires the 
Secretary of the Interior to disclaim all right, title, and interest in the af-fected areas and transfer survey au-thority to the State of Texas. It is un-clear how the BLM will be able to work with property owners to clear titles after the United States has already conceded its authority over the land. 
Additionally, transferring the Fed-
eral Government survey authority to Texas is not a workable solution. It is so implausible, in fact, that the bill has triggered a veto threat from the White House. 
If there is really a problem that Con-
gress can solve, providing Texas land-owners with the certainty they desire, we should work together to come up with legislation that would earn the President’s signature. 
We should go back to the drawing 
board. Until that happens, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
This is one of those situations where 
this is an issue that has been festering for 6 years now. If the Bureau of Land Management truly wanted to solve this issue, if they truly wanted to make amends, if they truly wanted to give certainty to these people, it could have happened by now. But up the food chain they have refused to do it. That is why it is incumbent upon us 
to do the right thing. We are talking about people whose property, whose homes, their future, their livelihoods, are being threatened by a government bureaucracy that simply says they don’t care. They would rather have control than solve a problem. 
The bill before you actually sets out 
a way of doing the survey in the right way, the way the Supreme Court said it should be done, doing it the right way the first time and ensuring that everyone will be part of the table. It sets out a process to actually solve this problem in a minimum amount of time. This is the right thing to do. We should go forward with that. 
I appreciate those who have spoken 
on this particular issue because there are people whose lives are being threat-ened right now because of the uncer-tainty about what their property rights are and where they will not be, and that is wrong. That is simply wrong. 
What has happened to these people is 
wrong. If we allow it to go forward by our inability of trying to make deci-sions here, we are wrong, too. It is time to quit hurting people and do things that actually help them. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, first off, I 
would like to thank Congressman T
HORNBERRY  
for leading this effort in the House. 
It is no surprise that the Bureau of Land 
Management under this Administration has be-come greedy. 
But their blatant disregard of the law and 
private property rights is shameful. 
One would think the federal government 
would be satisfied with the 653 million acres of land it currently controls and owns, which is over 27 percent of the total U.S. surface area. 
A lot of which goes unused, but apparently 
that is not enough. 
If anything the federal government should 
being selling land instead of trying to claim more. 
The Bureau of Land Management’s actions 
are a cloud on the title of Texas ranches. 
Since the 1845 annexation of Texas into the 
United States, the federal government has owned very little to no property in Texas. 
The Red River Private Property Protection 
Act, if signed into law would settle these ab-surd claims and clearly define the borders. 
It is important that we support and protect 
Oklahoma and Texas landowners from this Administration’s ridiculous attempt at another land grab. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Natural Resources printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be con-sidered as read. 
The text of the committee amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.047 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9178 December 9, 2015 
H.R. 2130 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Red River Pri-
vate Property Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DISCLAIMER AND OUTDATED SURVEYS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary disclaims any 
right, title, and interest to the land located south of the South Bank boundary line in the affected area. 
(b) C
LARIFICATION OF PRIOR SURVEYS .—Sur-
veys conducted by the Bureau of Land Manage-ment before the date of the enactment of this Act shall have no force or effect in determining the South Bank boundary line. 
SEC. 3. SURVEY OF SOUTH BANK BOUNDARY 
LINE. 
(a) S URVEY REQUIRED .—To identify the South 
Bank boundary line in the affected area, the Secretary shall commission a survey. The survey shall— 
(1) adhere to the gradient boundary survey 
method; 
(2) span the entire length of the affected area; (3) be conducted by Licensed State Land Sur-
veyors chosen by the Texas General Land Of-fice, in consultation with the Oklahoma Com-missioners of the Land Office; 
(4) be completed not later than 2 years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(5) not be submitted to the Bureau of Land 
Management for approval. 
(b) A
PPROVAL OF THE SURVEY .—After the sur-
vey is completed, the Secretary shall submit the survey to be approved by the Texas General Land Office, in consultation with the Oklahoma Commissioners of the Land Office. 
(c) S
URVEYS OF INDIVIDUAL PARCELS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Parcels surveyed as required 
by this section shall be surveyed and approved on an individual basis by the Texas General Land Office, in consultation with the Oklahoma Commissioners of the Land Office. 
(2) S
URVEYS OF INDIVIDUAL PARCELS NOT SUB -
MITTED TO THE BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT .— 
Surveys of individual parcels shall not be sub-mitted to the Bureau of Land Management for approval. 
(d) N
OTICE .— 
(1) N OTIFICATION TO THE SECRETARY .—Not 
later than 30 days after a survey for a parcel is approved by the Texas General Land Office under subsection (c), such office shall provide to the Secretary the following: 
(A) Notice of the approval of such survey. (B) A copy of such survey and field notes re-
lating to such parcel. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION TO ADJACENT LANDOWNERS .— 
Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives notification relating to a parcel under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide to landowners adjacent to such parcel the following: 
(A) Notice of the approval of such survey. (B) A copy of such survey and field notes re-
lating to such parcel. 
(C) Notice that the landowner may file an ap-
peal under section 4. 
(D) Notice that the landowner may apply for 
a patent under section 5. 
(E) Any additional information considered ap-
propriate by the Secretary. 
SEC. 4. APPEAL. 
Not later than 1 year after the date on which 
a landowner receives notification under section 3(d)(2), a landowner who claims to hold right, title, or interest in the affected area may appeal the determination of the survey to an adminis-trative law judge of the Department of the Inte-rior. 
SEC. 5. RED RIVER SURFACE RIGHTS. 
(a) N OTIFICATION OF APPLICATION PERIOD FOR  
PATENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—On the date that is 18 
months after the date on which the Secretary receives notification relating to a parcel under 
section 3(d)(1), the Secretary shall determine whether such parcel is subject to appeal. 
(2) P
ARCEL NOT SUBJECT TO APPEAL .—Not later 
than 30 days after the date on which the Sec-retary determines a parcel is not subject to ap-peal, the Secretary shall— 
(A) notify landowners adjacent to such parcel 
that the Secretary shall accept applications for patents for that parcel under subsection (b) for a period of 210 days; and 
(B) begin accepting applications for patents 
for that parcel under subsection (b) for a period of 210 days. 
(3) P
ARCEL SUBJECT TO APPEAL .—If the Sec-
retary determines a parcel is subject to appeal, the Secretary shall, not less than once every 6 months, check the status of the appeals relating to such parcel, until the Secretary determines such parcel is not subject to appeal. 
(b) P
ATENTS FOR LANDS IN THE AFFECTED  
AREA.—If the Secretary receives an application 
for a patent for a parcel of identified Federal lands during the period for applications for such parcel under subsection (a)(2)(B) and de-termines that the parcel has been held in good faith and in peaceful adverse possession by an applicant, or the ancestors or grantors of such applicant, for more than 20 years under claim (including through a State land grant or deed or color of title), the Secretary may issue a patent for the surface rights to such parcel to the ap-plicant, on the payment of $1.25 per acre, if the patent includes the following conditions: 
(1) All minerals contained in the parcel are re-
served to the United States and subject to sale or disposal by the United States under applica-ble leasing and mineral land laws. 
(2) Permittees, lessees, or grantees of the 
United States have the right to enter the parcel for the purpose of prospecting for and mining deposits. 
(c) P
ENDING REQUESTS FOR PATENTS .—The 
Secretary shall not offer a parcel of identified Federal land for purchase under section 6 if a patent request for that parcel is pending under this section. 
SEC. 6. RIGHT OF REFUSAL AND COMPETITIVE 
SALE. 
(a) R IGHT OF REFUSAL .— 
(1) O FFERS TO PURCHASE .—After the expira-
tion of the period for applications under section 5(a)(2)(B), the Secretary shall offer for purchase for a period of 60 days for each right of re-fusal— 
(A) the surface rights to the remaining identi-
fied Federal lands located north of the vegeta-tion line of the South Bank to— 
(i) the adjacent owner of land located in 
Oklahoma to the north with the first right of re-fusal; 
(ii) if applicable, the adjacent owner of land 
located in Texas to the south with the second right of refusal; 
(iii) if applicable, the adjacent owner of land 
located to the east with the third right of re-fusal; and 
(iv) if applicable, the adjacent owner of land 
located to the west with the fourth right of re-fusal; and 
(B) the surface rights to the remaining identi-
fied Federal lands located south of the vegeta-tion line of the South Bank to— 
(i) the adjacent owner of land located in 
Texas to the south with the first right of refusal; 
(ii) if applicable, the adjacent owner of land 
located in Oklahoma to the north with the sec-ond right of refusal; 
(iii) if applicable, the adjacent owner of land 
located to the east with the third right of re-fusal; and 
(iv) if applicable, the adjacent owner of land 
located to the west with the fourth right of re-fusal. 
(2) R
EMAINING IDENTIFIED FEDERAL LANDS DE -
FINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘remaining 
identified Federal lands’’ means any parcel of identified Federal lands— (A) not subject to appeal under section 4; 
(B) not determined by an administrative law 
judge of the Department of the Interior or a Federal court to be the property of an adjacent landowner; and 
(C) not patented or subject to a pending re-
quest for a patent under section 5. 
(b) D
ISPOSAL BY COMPETITIVE SALE.—If a par-
cel offered under subsection (a) is not pur-chased, the Secretary shall offer the parcel for disposal by competitive sale for not less than fair market value as determined by an appraisal conducted in accordance with nationally recog-nized appraisal standards, including the Uni-form Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Ac-quisitions and the Uniform Standards of Profes-sional Appraisal Practice. 
(c) C
ONDITIONS OF SALE.—The sale of a parcel 
under this section shall be subject to— 
(1) the condition that all minerals contained 
in the parcel are reserved to the United States and subject to sale or disposal by the United States under applicable leasing and mineral land laws; 
(2) the condition that permittees, lessees, or 
grantees of the United States have the right to enter the parcel for the purpose of prospecting for and mining deposits; and 
(3) valid existing State, tribal, and local 
rights. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 5 years after the 
date on which the survey is approved, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a list of the parcels of identified Federal lands that have not been sold under subsection (b) and a description of the reasons such parcels were not sold. 
SEC. 7. RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PLAN. 
The Secretary may not treat a parcel of iden-
tified Federal lands as Federal land for the pur-poses of a resource management plan if the treatment of such parcel does not comply with the provisions of this Act. 
SEC. 8. CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) L ANDS LOCATED NORTH OF THE SOUTH  
BANK BOUNDARY LINE.—Nothing in this Act 
shall be construed to modify the interest of Texas or Oklahoma or sovereignty rights of any federally recognized Indian tribe over lands lo-cated to the north of the South Bank boundary line as established by the survey. 
(b) P
ATENTS UNDER THE COLOR OF TITLE 
ACT.—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to 
modify land patented under the Act of December 22, 1928 (Public Law 70–645; 45 Stat. 1069; 43 U.S.C. 1068; commonly known as the Color of Title Act), before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) R
EDRIVER BOUNDARY COMPACT .—Nothing 
in this Act shall be construed to modify the Red River Boundary Compact as enacted by the States of Texas and Oklahoma and consented to by the United States Congress by Public Law 106-288 (114 Stat. 919). 
SEC. 9. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) A FFECTED AREA .—The term ‘‘affected 
area’’ means lands along the approximately 116- mile stretch of the Red River from its confluence with the North Fork of the Red River on the west to the 98th meridian on the east between the States of Texas and Oklahoma. 
(2) G
RADIENT BOUNDARY SURVEY METHOD .— 
The term ‘‘gradient boundary survey method’’ means the measurement technique used to locate the South Bank boundary line under the meth-odology established in Oklahoma v. Texas, 261 U.S. 340 (1923) (recognizing that the boundary line between the States of Texas and Oklahoma along the Red River is subject to change due to erosion and accretion). 
(3) I
DENTIFIED FEDERAL LANDS .—The term 
‘‘identified Federal lands’’ means the lands in the affected area from the South Bank bound-ary line north to the medial line of the Red River as identified pursuant to this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.049 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9179 December 9, 2015 
(4) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. 
(5) S
OUTH BANK .—The term ‘‘South Bank’’ 
means the water-washed and relatively perma-nent elevation or acclivity, commonly called a cut bank, along the southerly or right side of the Red River which separates its bed from the adjacent upland, whether valley or hill, and usually serves to confine the waters within the bed and to preserve the course of the river (as specified in the fifth paragraph of Oklahoma v. Texas, 261 U.S. 340 (1923)). 
(6) S
OUTH BANK BOUNDARY LINE .—The term 
‘‘South Bank boundary line’’ means the bound-ary between Texas and Oklahoma identified through the gradient boundary survey method (as specified in the sixth and seventh para-graphs of Oklahoma v. Texas, 261 U.S. 340 (1923)). 
(7) S
URVEY .—The term ‘‘survey’’ means the 
survey required by section 3(a). 
(8) V EGETATION LINE .—The term ‘‘vegetation 
line’’ means the visually identifiable continuous line of vegetation that is adjacent to the portion of the riverbed kept practically bare of vegeta-tion by the natural flow of the river and is con-tinuous with the vegetation beyond the riverbed. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the 
committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–375. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BISHOP OF  
UTAH  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–375. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment made in order under the rule. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 5, line 12, insert ‘‘and seek further ju-
dicial review’’ after ‘‘appeal’’. 
Page 5, line 18, strike ‘‘Not’’ and insert the 
following: 
(a) A PPEAL TO ADMINISTRATIVE LAW 
JUDGE .—Not 
Page 5, after line 23, insert the following: (b) F
URTHER JUDICIAL REVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A landowner who filed an 
appeal under subsection (a) and is adversely affected by the final decision may, not later than 120 days after the date of the final deci-sion, file a civil action in the United States district court for the district—— 
(A) in which the person resides; or (B) in which the affected area is located. (2) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—The district 
court may review the case de novo and may enter a judgment enforcing, modifying, and enforcing as so modified, or setting aside in whole or in part, the decision of the adminis-trative law judge. 
Page 6, line 8, insert ‘‘or further judicial 
review’’ after ‘‘appeal’’. 
Page 6, line 9, insert ‘‘
OR JUDICIAL REVIEW ’’ 
after ‘‘ APPEAL ’’. 
Page 6, line 11, insert ‘‘or judicial review’’ 
after ‘‘appeal’’. 
Page 6, line 20, insert ‘‘ OR JUDICIAL REVIEW ’’ 
after ‘‘ APPEAL ’’. Page 6, line 21, insert ‘‘or further judicial 
review’’ after ‘‘appeal’’. 
Page 6, line 23, insert ‘‘or judicial reviews’’ 
after ‘‘appeals’’. 
Page 6, line 25, insert ‘‘or further judicial 
review’’ after ‘‘appeal’’. 
Page 9, line 14, insert ‘‘or further judicial 
review’’ after ‘‘appeal’’. 
Page 11, after line 20, insert the following: (d) T
RIBAL RESERVATIONS .—Nothing in this 
Act shall be construed to create or reinstate a tribal reservation or any portion of a tribal reservation. 
(e) T
RIBAL MINERAL INTERESTS .—Nothing 
in this Act shall be construed to alter the valid rights of the Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Nations to the mineral interest trust fund created pursuant to the Act of June 12, 1926. 
Insert ‘‘and each affected federally recog-
nized Indian tribe’’ after ‘‘Oklahoma Com-missioners of the Land Office’’ each place it appears. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 556, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
today I rise in strong support of a bril-liantly written manager’s amendment to H.R. 2130. 
In short, this bill, introduced by my 
friend, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, Mr. T
HORNBERRY  
of Texas, prevents the Federal Govern-ment from claiming thousands of acres of private land legally owned by Amer-ican citizens and tribes along the 116- mile stretch of the Red River between Texas and Oklahoma. 
My manager’s amendment will do the 
following: It will ensure that nothing in this bill will create or reinstate a tribal reservation. It ensures that nothing in this bill alters the valid ex-isting mineral rights of the Kiowa, Co-manche, and Apache Nations. It allows affected federally recognized Indian tribes to be part of the survey process in addition to the States of Oklahoma and Texas. It allows landowners access to judicial review beyond the Bureau of Land Management’s administrative ap-peals process. 
This manager’s amendment reflects 
concerns that have been brought to us by Chairman T
HORNBERRY , by Con-
gressman C OLEof Oklahoma, by Okla-
homa Governor Fallin, by private land-owners, and by the other stakeholders who have an interest in this particular area. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to vote 
in favor of the manager’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . COLE 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–375. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: Page 6, line 13, strike ‘‘landowners’’ and in-
sert ‘‘federally recognized Indian tribes with jurisdiction over lands’’. 
Page 7, lines 8 and 9, strike ‘‘or deed or 
color of title’’. 
Page 7, line 11, strike ‘‘$1.25’’ and insert 
‘‘fair market value’’. 
Page 8, after line 7, insert the following 
(and redesignate the subsequent clauses ac-cordingly): 
(i) the federally recognized Indian tribes 
holding reservation or allotment land on June 5, 1906, with the first right of refusal; 
Page 8, line 9, strike ‘‘first’’ and insert 
‘‘second’’. 
Page 8, line 13, strike ‘‘second’’ and insert 
‘‘third’’. 
Page 8, line 15, strike ‘‘third’’ and insert 
‘‘fourth’’. 
Page 8, line 18, strike ‘‘fourth’’ and insert 
‘‘fifth’’ 
Page 8, after line 22, insert the following 
(and redesignate the subsequent clauses ac-cordingly): 
(i) the federally recognized Indian tribes 
holding reservation or allotment land on June 5, 1906, with the first right of refusal; 
Page 8, line 24, strike ‘‘first’’ and insert 
‘‘second’’. 
Page 9, line 3, strike ‘‘second’’ and insert 
‘‘third’’. 
Page 9, line 5, strike ‘‘third’’ and insert 
‘‘fourth’’. 
Page 9, line 8, strike ‘‘fourth’’ and insert 
‘‘fifth’’ 
Page 11, after line 20, insert the following: (d) T
RIBAL ALLOTMENTS .—Nothing in this 
Act shall be construed to alter the present median line of the Red River as it relates to the surface or mineral interests of tribal allottees north of the present median line. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 556, the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. C
OLE) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oklahoma. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to start by noting how much I re-spect the sincerity and good intentions of my friends from Texas and their de-sire to settle this issue of landowner-ship along the Red River. 
I want to particularly thank Chair-
man T
HORNBERRY and Chairman 
BISHOP , who have been extremely coop-
erative and helpful in trying to resolve some of these thorny issues. 
I do, however, still have serious con-
cerns about the unintended con-sequences that the suggested message for resolving this issue will most cer-tainly have on Indian tribes in my dis-trict, specifically the Kiowa, Coman-che, and Apache. All three tribes op-pose the bill and support this amend-ment. 
This bill gives Texas and Oklahoma 
the power to conduct a survey, the goal of which is to ascertain the exact loca-tion of the portion of the Red River currently owned by the Bureau of Land Management. 
The BLM land would be sold off in a 
three-step process. The first step pro-vides for adverse possessors to apply for a patent to the BLM land. The sec-ond is a sale based on a right-of-first- refusal structure. The third provides for any remaining BLM land to be sold via a competitive sale process. The goal is to remove the Federal control 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.049 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9180 December 9, 2015 
that the BLM has over a 116-mile 
stretch of the river and, by the CBO’s estimate, of roughly 30,000 acres. 
My amendment seeks to accomplish 
the following: 
Ensure that tribes receive fair notice 
of their right to appeal any survey con-ducted pursuant to this legislation. 
Ensure taxpayers receive full com-
pensation instead of $1.25 per acre, as proposed, for any Federal land. This would also discourage fraudulent pat-ent applications to BLM land that would hinder the process of disposal. 
Ensure tribes will be provided with 
rights of first refusal to purchase BLM land. 
And, finally, explicitly ensure that a 
survey and/or subsequent purchase does not result in any diminishment or al-teration of tribal surface or mineral in-terests. 
Mr. Chairman, the first portion of 
this amendment is an easy fix. Pro-viding tribal landowners with notice of their right to appeal a survey deter-mination is a fundamental notion of due process. Tribes have been left out of such notice requirements in the bill, as currently drafted. 
The second portion of my amendment 
will help minimize the likelihood the projected litigation will commence. Litigation does nothing but unduly delay the opportunity for tribes to buy back their land at a fair market price. The $1.25 an acre price the current bill proposes is not the best deal for tax-payers, and Congress should vote to get the best value for BLM land. 
To avoid this result, my amendment 
raises the standard patent applicants must meet for their applications to be approved. 
The amendment also alters the right 
of first refusal structure for land-owners to purchase BLM land by com-petitive sale. Indian tribes that for-merly held reservation land in this part of Oklahoma, like the Kiowa, Co-manche, and Apache, now have the right of first refusal for any competi-tive sale of BLM land that takes place pursuant to this legislation. 
Finally, my amendment would dis-
allow the survey from moving the me-dial line of the river north to affect the surface or mineral interests of tribal allottees north of the river in Okla-homa. 
I simply cannot support a bill that 
would negatively impact tribal land-owners in Oklahoma whose interests in surface, oil, gas, minerals, and water are critical to economic stability and funding for tribal government pro-grams. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill would begin a 
process of give-and-take in redeter-mining landownership between Texans, Oklahomans, and Indian tribes. Con-gress should remain mindful of its trust responsibilities and tread care-fully when it comes to what could very well be construed as a taking of the Constitution. 
Those in support of the bill will like-
ly argue that tribes stand to benefit from re-surveying the river, citing that 
allotments bordering the river will ac-tually expand in certain areas. That is a big gamble to take. 
The fact is that neither Texans, 
Oklahomans, nor tribal members have any indication of whether they stand to gain or lose as a result of the survey method to be used. As a result, they have everything to lose should this bill become law without the amendment. 
I urge the support of the Cole amend-
ment to H.R. 2130. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I have a great deal of respect for Con-gressman C
OLEand his efforts. I want 
to also offer that, as this bill continues to be processed, I will be more than happy to work on these and other issues, as we have in the past on cer-tain issues that are in the manager’s amendment. 
But I have to oppose this particular 
amendment. It does certain things that are problematic. 
First, the amendment alters the 
bill’s rights of first refusal procedure to give precedence to some above oth-ers, whether or not they have a reason-able claim to the land or hold an adja-cent allotment. That is the key point right there: is the claim and the allot-ment adjacent. 
The bill, as is already written, al-
ready gives the right of first refusal to those landowners who are there as long as they own the adjacent land parcel. That should not be changed. 
Secondly, the medial line is an im-
portant issue in allocating where the location of the river actually is. If you are going to solve the problem un-equivocally to demonstrate the true ownership of the land, this has to be solved. Otherwise, the clouded title to private lands will continue on, as they have been by BLM’s action so far. 
The Supreme Court has made it very 
clear that the medial is supposed to change as the movements of the river change. BLM’s recent survey ignored the movement of the river, which is causing the very issue that we are fac-ing today. 
This amendment would put it back 
into the failed process. This amend-ment then runs contrary to what the Supreme Court’s decision said is the fair surveying practices that ought to have been done 6 years ago by the BLM in the first place. 
Congressman T
HORNBERRY has 
worked extensively with Congressman C
OLEto address some of the concerns— 
many of the concerns—that are there. I would point out just a few that have been added. 
We are preventing the alternation of 
sovereign right States under the Red River Boundary Compact. We are en-suring the State of Oklahoma and af-fected tribes are involved in picking surveyors and approving the survey. We are preventing the creation or re-
instatement of the tribal reservation. We are ensuring that the bill does not impact the valid rights of the affected tribes to the mineral interest fund cre-ated in 1926. 
Overall, the bill, as written and 
amended with the manager’s amend-ment, proposes a fair solution to the issue at hand, incorporates the ideas and views of those interested in a wide range of the stakeholders. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
begin by acknowledging what my friend said. I appreciate Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY and him working with us. This 
is a long and complex issue. 
I will just say, we don’t see the 1923 
Supreme Court decision is where it started. We think it goes back to an earlier period where the tribes did not ever agree to give up their reservation land. They want an opportunity to be able to repurchase what they think was taken from them, if it should become available on the market. 
I thank my friends again for working 
with me and look forward to con-tinuing that process. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1600 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
may I inquire as to how much time I actually have? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman has 2
1⁄2 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 21⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. T HORNBERRY ). 
Mr. THORNBERRY. I appreciate the 
chairman’s yielding to me. 
I also appreciate the considerable ef-
forts that have gone on not just in the past few weeks and months but all the way back to the last Congress with Congressman C
OLE, with the Gov-
ernor’s Office of Oklahoma, and with the tribes directly to try to make sure that any concern was addressed. 
Mr. Chairman, let me just say one 
overall point. Actually, the gentle-woman from Massachusetts made this really clear, which is that in going back to at least 1867 there is no tribal claim that goes south of the median line of the river. As a result, really, the only interests that could be threatened are that narrow strip of sand that the Federal Government does have a right-ful claim on or its expansion beyond its rightful claim. 
There should be no question of any 
tribal surface or mineral interest that is impinged by this legislation because they only ever went to the middle of the river. What we are talking about is the south bank of the river, which is what the BLM is now claiming. 
I want to address the $1.25 issue be-
cause the bill requires that any land sold to an adjacent landowner or to anybody else be sold at current market value. The only exception is if, for a pe-riod of at least 20 years, you have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.053 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9181 December 9, 2015 
owned the land, if you have a deed to 
the land, if you have paid taxes on the land, or if the Federal Government has never made a claim on the land for at least 20 years. In that instance, then you can under color of title procedure purchase the land for $1.25 an acre if the Bureau of Land Management agrees. It is at their discretion. 
The idea is, if this survey happens to 
find some acreage—and I am not sure it will—that somebody has owned, has a deed to, has paid taxes on, has lived on, or if nobody else has claimed the title to it, then they don’t have to buy it twice because they already bought it once. That is the purpose of this. In every other case, you have to pay the full market value for any land. 
The last point is that Congressman 
C
OLEis very interested in making sure 
that the tribes are fully participating and know this about the survey, et cetera. I agree. I think the manager’s amendment that Chairman B
ISHOP has 
just offered ensures that the tribes par-ticipate in the survey from the begin-ning. Of course, they have the right to appeal just like any other landowner would. 
Mr. Chairman, I think this is the an-
swer to a problem that needs our inter-vention because it is wrong to leave these people hanging for another 6 or 10 years without a complete survey that answers the question. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 246, noes 183, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 684] 
AYES—246 
Adams 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Bridenstine Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch 
Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva 
Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna 
Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) Lynch 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zinke 
NOES—183 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Valadao Vela 
Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—4 
Aguilar 
Davis, Danny Johnson, Sam 
Sanchez, Loretta 
b1640 
Messrs. SHUSTER, M CCARTHY, 
PRICE of Georgia, BOST, Mses. ROS- LEHTINEN, FOXX, Messrs. L
AMALFA, 
FLORES, MEADOWS, MILLER of Flor-ida, GOSAR, COFFMAN, GRAVES of 
Louisiana, MARCHANT, CRAWFORD, FINCHER, M
CHENRY, WALDEN, 
MULVANEY, WOODALL, GUTHRIE, DUFFY, YOUNG of Indiana, HECK of Nevada, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Messrs. LUETKEMEYER, DUNCAN of South Carolina, SALMON, Mrs. LUM-MIS, Messrs. PERRY, SMITH of Ne-braska, TROTT, SENSENBRENNER, WILSON of South Carolina, Ms. HER-RERA BEUTLER, Messrs. CARTER of Georgia, RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, SMITH of Missouri, Mrs. BLACKBURN, Messrs. BARTON, ROKITA, and ROS-KAM changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mses. HAHN, SPEIER, Mr. 
CICILLINE, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Messrs. VARGAS, FATTAH, BUTTERFIELD, HINOJOSA, TURNER, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALO-NEY of New York, Messrs. YODER, GUINTA, CURBELO of Florida, STIV-ERS, FORTENBERRY, DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, ENGEL, and KATKO changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. S
TEWART ). 
The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. S TEWART , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2130) to provide legal cer-tainty to property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other pur-poses, and, pursuant to House Resolu-tion 556, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.054 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9182 December 9, 2015 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the com-
mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. I am 
in its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Thompson of California moves to re-
commit the bill H.R. 2130 to the Committee on Natural Resources with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
After section 8, add the following (and re-
designate the subsequent section accord-ingly): 
SEC. 9. GRANTING THE ATTORNEY GENERAL THE 
AUTHORITY TO DENY THE SALE, DE-LIVERY, OR TRANSFER OF A FIRE-ARM OR THE ISSUANCE OF A FIRE-ARMS OR EXPLOSIVES LICENSE OR PERMIT TO DANGEROUS TERROR-ISTS. 
(a) S TANDARD FOR EXERCISING ATTORNEY  
GENERAL DISCRETION REGARDING TRANSFER -
RING FIREARMS OR ISSUING FIREARMS PER-
MITS TO DANGEROUS TERRORISTS .—Chapter 44 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting the following new section 
after section 922: 
‘‘§ 922A. Attorney General’s discretion to deny 
transfer of a firearm 
‘‘The Attorney General may deny the 
transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922(t)(1)(B)(ii) if the Attorney General deter-mines that the transferee is known (or ap-propriately suspected) to be or have been en-gaged in conduct constituting, in prepara-tion for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support thereof, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the prospective transferee may use a firearm in connection with terrorism.’’; 
(2) by inserting the following new section 
after section 922A: 
‘‘§ 922B. Attorney General’s discretion regard-
ing applicants for firearm permits which would qualify for the exemption provided under section 922(t)(3) 
‘‘The Attorney General may determine 
that an applicant for a firearm permit which would qualify for an exemption under section 922(t)(3) is known (or appropriately sus-pected) to be or have been engaged in con-duct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing ma-terial support thereof, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the ap-plicant may use a firearm in connection with terrorism.’’; and 
(3) in section 921(a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(36) The term ‘terrorism’ means ‘inter-
national terrorism’ as defined in section 2331(1), and ‘domestic terrorism’ as defined in section 2331(5). ‘‘(37) The term ‘material support’ means 
‘material support or resources’ within the meaning of section 2339A or 2339B. 
‘‘(38) The term ‘responsible person’ means 
an individual who has the power, directly or 
indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the appli-cant or licensee pertaining to firearms.’’. 
(b) E
FFECT OF ATTORNEY GENERAL DISCRE -
TIONARY DENIAL THROUGH THE NATIONAL IN-
STANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM  
(NICS) ONFIREARMS PERMITS .—Section 922(t) 
of such title is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(B)(ii), by inserting ‘‘or 
State law, or that the Attorney General has determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A’’ before the semi-colon; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by inserting after ‘‘or 
State law’’ the following: ‘‘or if the Attorney General has not determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3)(A)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-
clause (I); and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) was issued after a check of the sys-
tem established pursuant to paragraph (1);’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3)(A)— (A) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(ii); and 
(B) by adding after and below the end the 
following: 
‘‘(iii) the State issuing the permit agrees 
to deny the permit application if such other person is the subject of a determination by the Attorney General pursuant to section 922B;’’; 
(5) in paragraph (4), by inserting after ‘‘or 
State law,’’ the following: ‘‘or if the Attor-ney General has not determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A,’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (5), by inserting after ‘‘or 
State law,’’ the following: ‘‘or if the Attor-ney General has determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A,’’. 
(c) U
NLAWFUL SALE OR DISPOSITION OF  
FIREARM BASED ON ATTORNEY GENERAL DIS-
CRETIONARY DENIAL .—Section 922(d) of such 
title is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph 
(8); 
(2) by striking the period at the end of 
paragraph (9) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(10) has been the subject of a determina-
tion by the Attorney General pursuant to section 922A, 922B, 923(d)(1)(H), or 923(e) of this title.’’. 
(d) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL AS PROHIBITOR .—Section 922(g) of such 
title is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph 
(8); 
(2) by striking the comma at the end of 
paragraph (9) and inserting; ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(10) who has received actual notice of the 
Attorney General’s determination made pur-suant to section 922A, 922B, 923(d)(1)(H), or 923(e) of this title,’’. 
(e) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL OF FEDERAL FIREARMS LICENSES .—Sec-
tion 923(d)(1) of such title is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Any’’ and inserting ‘‘Ex-
cept as provided in subparagraph (H), any’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (F)(iii), by striking 
‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(3) in subparagraph (G), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) The Attorney General may deny a li-
cense application if the Attorney General de-termines that the applicant (including any 
responsible person) is known (or appro-priately suspected) to be or have been en-gaged in conduct constituting, in prepara-tion for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support thereof, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the applicant may use a firearm in con-nection with terrorism.’’. 
(f) D
ISCRETIONARY REVOCATION OF FEDERAL  
FIREARMS LICENSES .—Section 923(e) of such 
title is amended— 
(1) in the 1st sentence— (A) by inserting after ‘‘revoke’’ the fol-
lowing: ‘‘—(1)’’; and 
(B) by striking the period and inserting a 
semicolon; 
(2) in the 2nd sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘The Attorney General 
may, after notice and opportunity for hear-ing, revoke’’ and insert ‘‘(2)’’; and 
(B) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; 
or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) any license issued under this section if 
the Attorney General determines that the holder of the license (including any respon-sible person) is known (or appropriately sus-pected) to be or have been engaged in con-duct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing ma-terial support thereof, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the ap-plicant may use a firearm in connection with terrorism.’’. 
(g) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TOWITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN FIREARMS LICENSE DE-
NIAL AND REVOCATION SUIT.—Section 923(f) of 
such title is amended— 
(1) in the 1st sentence of paragraph (1), by 
inserting ‘‘, except that if the denial or rev-ocation is pursuant to subsection (d)(1)(H) or (e)(3), then any information on which the At-torney General relied for this determination may be withheld from the petitioner if the Attorney General determines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security’’ before the period; and 
(2) in paragraph (3), by inserting after the 
3rd sentence the following: ‘‘With respect to any information withheld from the aggrieved party under paragraph (1), the United States may submit, and the court may rely on, summaries or redacted versions of docu-ments containing information the disclosure of which the Attorney General has deter-mined would likely compromise national se-curity.’’. 
(h) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TOWITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN RELIEF FROM DISABIL -
ITIES LAWSUITS .—Section 925(c) of such title 
is amended by inserting after the 3rd sen-tence the following: ‘‘If receipt of a firearm by the person would violate section 922(g)(10), any information which the Attor-ney General relied on for this determination may be withheld from the applicant if the Attorney General determines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security. In responding to the peti-tion, the United States may submit, and the court may rely on, summaries or redacted versions of documents containing informa-tion the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely com-promise national security.’’. 
(i) P
ENALTIES .—Section 924(k) of such title 
is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph 
(2); 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘, or’’ and 
inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) constitutes an act of terrorism (as de-
fined in section 921(a)(36)), or material sup-port thereof (as defined in section 921(a)(37)); or’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.057 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9183 December 9, 2015 
(j) R EMEDY FOR ERRONEOUS DENIAL OF  
FIREARM OR FIREARM PERMIT EXEMPTION .— 
Section 925A of such title is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking 
‘‘Remedy for erroneous denial of firearm ’’ 
and inserting ‘‘ Remedies ’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘Any person denied a fire-
arm pursuant to subsection (s) or (t) of sec-tion 922’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) Except as provided in subsection (b), 
any person denied a firearm pursuant to sec-tion 922(t) or pursuant to a determination made under section 922B,’’; and 
(3) by adding after and below the end the 
following: 
‘‘(b) In any case in which the Attorney 
General has denied the transfer of a firearm to a prospective transferee pursuant to sec-tion 922A or has made a determination re-garding a firearm permit applicant pursuant to section 922B, an action challenging the de-termination may be brought against the United States. The petition must be filed not later than 60 days after the petitioner has re-ceived actual notice of the Attorney Gen-eral’s determination made pursuant to sec-tion 922A or 922B. The court shall sustain the Attorney General’s determination on a show-ing by the United States by a preponderance of evidence that the Attorney General’s de-termination satisfied the requirements of section 922A or 922B. To make this showing, the United States may submit, and the court may rely on, summaries or redacted versions of documents containing information the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely compromise na-tional security. On request of the petitioner or the court’s own motion, the court may re-
view the full, undisclosed documents ex parte and in camera. The court shall deter-mine whether the summaries or redacted versions, as the case may be, are fair and ac-curate representations of the underlying doc-uments. The court shall not consider the full, undisclosed documents in deciding whether the Attorney General’s determina-tion satisfies the requirements of section 922A or 922B.’’. 
(k) P
ROVISION OF GROUNDS UNDERLYING IN-
ELIGIBILITY DETERMINATION BY THE NATIONAL  
INSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYS-
TEM.—Section 103 of the Brady Handgun Vio-
lence Prevention Act (Public Law 103–159) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (f)— (A) by inserting after ‘‘is ineligible to re-
ceive a firearm,’’ the following: ‘‘or the At-torney General has made a determination re-garding an applicant for a firearm permit pursuant to section 922B of title 18, United States Code’’; and 
(B) by inserting after ‘‘the system shall 
provide such reasons to the individual,’’ the following: ‘‘except for any information the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely compromise na-tional security’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g)— (A) in the 1st sentence, by inserting after 
‘‘subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code or State law’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘or if the Attorney General has made a determination pursuant to section 922A or 922B of such title,’’; 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, except any information 
the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely compromise na-tional security’’ before the period; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Any petition for review of information withheld by the Attorney General under this subsection shall be made in accordance with section 925A of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
(l) U
NLAWFUL DISTRIBUTION OF EXPLOSIVES  
BASED ON ATTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY  
DENIAL .—Section 842(d) of such title is 
amended— (1) by striking the period at the end of 
paragraph (9) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) has received actual notice of the At-
torney General’s determination made pursu-ant to section 843(b)(8) or (d)(2) of this title.’’. 
(m) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL AS PROHIBITOR .—Section 842(i) of such 
title is amended— 
(1) by adding ‘‘; or’’ at the end of paragraph 
(7); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) who has received actual notice of the 
Attorney General’s determination made pur-suant to section 843(b)(8) or (d)(2),’’. 
(n) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL OF FEDERAL EXPLOSIVES LICENSES AND  
PERMITS .—Section 843(b) of such title is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Upon’’ and inserting the 
following: ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (8), on’’; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) The Attorney General may deny the 
issuance of a permit or license to an appli-cant if the Attorney General determines that the applicant or a responsible person or em-ployee possessor thereof is known (or appro-priately suspected) to be or have been en-gaged in conduct constituting, in prepara-tion of, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support thereof, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the person may use explosives in con-nection with terrorism.’’. 
(o) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY  
REVOCATION OF FEDERAL EXPLOSIVES LI-
CENSES AND PERMITS .—Section 843(d) of such 
title is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ in the first sentence 
after ‘‘if’’; and 
(2) by striking the period at the end of the 
first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘; or (2) the Attorney General determines that the licensee or holder (or any responsible person or employee possessor thereof) is known (or appropriately suspected) to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support thereof, and that the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the person may use ex-plosives in connection with terrorism.’’. 
(p) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TOWITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN EXPLOSIVES LICENSE  
ANDPERMIT DENIAL AND REVOCATION SUITS.— 
Section 843(e) of such title is amended— 
(1) in the 1st sentence of paragraph (1), by 
inserting ‘‘except that if the denial or rev-ocation is based on a determination under subsection (b)(8) or (d)(2), then any informa-tion which the Attorney General relied on for the determination may be withheld from the petitioner if the Attorney General deter-mines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security’’ before the period; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘In responding to any petition for review of a denial or revocation based on a determination under section 843(b)(8) or (d)(2), the United States may submit, and the court may rely on, summaries or redacted versions of documents containing informa-tion the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely com-promise national security.’’. 
(q) A
BILITY TOWITHHOLD INFORMATION IN  
COMMUNICATIONS TO EMPLOYERS .—Section 
843(h)(2) of such title is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or 
section 843(b)(1) (on grounds of terrorism) of this title,’’ after ‘‘section 842(i),’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or section 843(b)(8)’’ after 
‘‘section 842(i)’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘, except 
that any information that the Attorney Gen-eral relied on for a determination pursuant to section 843(b)(8) may be withheld if the Attorney General concludes that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security’’ before the semicolon. 
(r) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO IMMIGRA -
TION AND NATIONALITY ACT.—Section 
101(a)(43)(E)(ii) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(E)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘or (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5), or (10)’’. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California (during 
the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve a point of order against the mo-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The gentleman from California is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill nor send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately pro-ceed to final passage, as amended. 
My motion to recommit would incor-
porate H.R. 1076, a Republican bill ti-tled the Denying Firearms and Explo-sives to Dangerous Terrorists Act of 2015, into the underlying bill. 
b1645 
The bill is straightforward. It says if 
you are on the FBI’s terrorist watch list, then you don’t get to walk into a gun store, pass a background check, 
and leave with a weapon of your choice. It is an outrageous loophole. And we know it allows dangerous peo-ple to easily get guns. 
Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspected 
terrorists have legally purchased weap-ons in the United States. And more than 90 percent of all suspected terror-ists who tried to purchase guns in the last 11 years walked away with the weapons they wanted. If there is one thing both sides of this House can agree on, it is keeping guns from ter-rorists. 
I know my colleagues on the other 
side have expressed some concerns. So let’s address them. 
You are worried that there are names 
on the list that shouldn’t be there. This is a legitimate concern. So let’s scrub the list. 
You are worried that it is difficult to 
get off the list if you are wrongly put on it. This bill has an appeals process. 
You are concerned about denying 
people their Second Amendment rights. Well, I am a gun guy. I own guns. I sup-port the Second Amendment. If this bill did anything to violate those rights, my name wouldn’t be on it. 
We are not talking about prohibiting 
law-abiding, non-dangerous people from getting guns. We are just talking about taking a pause. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.047 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9184 December 9, 2015 
I think we can all agree that it is 
better to err on the side of caution and let people get their names taken off the list, rather than just sell them a gun and hope they are not a terrorist. 
So let’s scrub the list and make it ac-
curate. Let’s make sure the appeals process is functional and efficient. And if someone is on the terrorist list and is denied from buying a gun, let’s pump the brakes and make sure they are, in fact, not a terrorist before that sale is allowed to proceed. 
Everyone on my side of the aisle 
stands ready to address your concerns. Will your side do the same? Will you address our concern about terrorists being able to have legal and easy ac-cess to guns? 
We have a chance to take a simple, 
straightforward step to keep spouses, kids, and communities safe. We can take this vote today. I have filed a dis-charge petition on the bill. We just need a simple majority to sign it. You can do it right now. 
If House Republicans agree that ter-
rorists shouldn’t be able to get guns, then walk down to the well, sign your name on the line, and let’s have a vote. 
It is your own party’s bill. It was sup-
ported by George W. Bush’s Depart-ment of Justice. All it does is prevent suspected terrorists from getting guns—in the exact same way we pre-vent criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill from get-ting guns. 
We will work with you to address 
your concerns. Do the same for us. Work with our side to keep guns from suspected terrorists. 
This is an issue we can all come to-
gether on. 2,000 suspected terrorists buying guns is 2,000 too many. So let’s stop it. Let’s take a stand. Put your name down in writing and let’s take a vote. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
claim the time in opposition, and I con-tinue to reserve a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The gentleman is recognized for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, 
despite the fact that our colleagues, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK and D ONYOUNG , were 
put on this watch list—actually, for D
ONYOUNG maybe it fits. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I am going to 
insist on my point of order. 
This motion to recommit involves 
subject matter that is different from the bill. The fundamental purpose of the motion is unrelated to the bill. 
I insist on my point of order. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I would like to be heard on the point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California may be heard on the point of order. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California should under-stand that the Chair has not ruled on the point of order. 
The Chair will now rule. The gentleman from Utah makes a 
point of order that the instructions proposed in the motion to recommit of-fered by the gentleman from California involve a subject matter different from the bill. 
Clause 7 of rule XVI, the germane-
ness rule, provides that no proposition on a subject different from that under consideration shall be admitted under color of amendment. 
The bill addresses the boundary line 
between Texas and Oklahoma drawn by the Red River. Though the bill touches on a number of aspects of property management, it does so only with re-spect to a narrow geographic area. 
The amendment proposed in the mo-
tion to recommit makes a variety of changes to title 18 of the United States Code relating to the sale, possession, li-censing, and distribution of firearms and explosives. It has no bearing on the land addressed in the underlying bill. 
The Chair finds that the amendment 
proposed in the motion to recommit goes beyond the subject matter of the underlying bill. It is, therefore, not germane. The point of order is sus-tained. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? 
MOTION TO TABLE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to lay the appeal on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to table. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if arising without further proceedings in recom-mittal, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 246, nays 182, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 685] 
YEAS—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan 
Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—182 
Adams 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. Duckworth 
Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.059 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9185 December 9, 2015 
Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn Maloney, Sean 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. Sarbanes 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—5 
Aguilar Davis, Danny Johnson, Sam 
Nolan Sanchez, Loretta 
b1706 
So the motion to table was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. M CCAR-
THYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to remind Members that there will be votes in the House on Friday, which I expect to end by early afternoon. 
Having said that, I want to advise the 
Members that votes are no longer ex-pected in the House this weekend. How-ever, Members should continue to keep their schedules flexible for possible votes in the House on Monday, and I will let Members know more details about that for next week as soon as possible. 
Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Maryland. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
On Monday, would your expectation 
be that, if there were votes, no votes would occur prior to 6:30? 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Yes. There will be 
no votes before 6:30, and I will let the gentleman know prior to departing on Friday whether we are in on Monday. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRIES  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I have 
a parliamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, some 
of us on the Rules Committee voted to bring up a bill that would prevent ter-rorists from buying guns, but Repub-licans on the committee blocked that 
attempt. 
Democrats have tried to close this 
loophole by defeating the previous question, and Republicans have blocked those attempts. 
Can the Speaker tell me how we can 
get an up-or-down vote on this bill that prevents terrorists from buying guns? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will not entertain a parliamen-tary inquiry that does not relate, in a practical sense, to the present pro-ceedings. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
parliamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman will state her parliamentary inquiry. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
am I correct that insisting on the point of order prevents the House from vot-ing on the gentleman from California’s motion to recommit? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman has not stated a proper par-liamentary inquiry. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I have 
a parliamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman will state her parliamentary inquiry. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, am I 
correct that the gentleman from Cali-fornia’s motion to recommit would close the loophole that currently al-lows terrorists who are on the no-fly list to buy guns? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman has not stated a proper par-liamentary inquiry. 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, further parliamen-tary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman will state her parliamentary inquiry. 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, is it true that the Republicans have repeatedly blocked legislation that would explicitly pre-vent terrorists from buying guns? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman will suspend. 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, why can we not get an answer to this question? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman has not stated a proper par-liamentary inquiry. 
The Chair is prepared to put the 
question on passage to a vote of the House. 
The question is on the passage of the 
bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Are 
there any Members wishing to seek a recorded vote or the yeas and nays? 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage will be fol-lowed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Jour-
nal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 253, nays 177, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 686] 
YEAS—253 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—177 
Adams Amash Bass 
Beatty Becerra 
Bera 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.053 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9186 December 9, 2015 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Goodlatte Graham Grayson 
Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—3 
Aguilar Johnson, Sam Sanchez, Loretta 
b1731 
Mr. WELCH changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida). The unfinished 
business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
STOP THE RECKLESS POLICIES OF 
PRESIDENT OBAMA 
(Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to join me in using the power of the purse to stop the reckless 
policies of President Obama that leave the citizens of the United States vul-nerable. Americans overwhelmingly support this. 
The FBI, DNI, and DHS have testified 
that they cannot fully screen the thou-sands of refugees that the President wants to bring in from Syria, Somalia, Iraq, and other regions with high rates of terrorism. Illegal immigrants from Syria, Libya, Somalia, and other hot-beds of terrorism continue to test the openness of our southern border. The loopholes in the screening of immi-grants from hotbeds of terrorism are being exploited, and the administration opposes closing them. 
This House has one chance, the end 
of the year appropriations bill, to end these dangerous policies. 
This Member of Congress will vote 
against any bill rushed to the floor that fails to stop these reckless poli-cies. 
Let’s put aside political correctness, 
criticism from foreign nationals that leave Americans vulnerable. This is our chance to stop future San Bernardinos, Parises, Chattanoogas, Garlands, and Ft. Hoods. The lives of these American citizens are worth it. Indeed, they cry out for it. 
f 
VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE 
(Mr. PETERS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, 
Marysville, Washington, October 24, 2015: 
Andrew Fryberg, 15 years old. Zoe Galasso, 14. Gia Soriano, 14. Shaylee Chuckulnaskit, 14. Charleston, South Carolina, June 17, 
2015: 
Susie Jackson, 87 years old. Daniel Simmons, 74. Ethel Lance, 70. Myra Thompson, 59. Cynthia Hurd, 54. 
DePayne Middleton Doctor, 49. Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, 45. Clementa Pinckney, 41. Tywanza Sanders, 26. Navy Yard, Washington, D.C., Sep-
tember 16, 2013: 
John Roger Johnson, 73 years old. Kathleen Gaarde, 62. Vishnu Pandit, 61. Michael Arnold, 59. Gerald Read, 58. Martin Bodrog, 54. Sylvia Frasier, 53. Richard Michael Ridgell, 52. Frank Kohler, 51. Mary Frances DeLorenzo Knight, 51. Mr. Speaker, my time has expired, 
but I will be back. 
f 
VENEZUELAN ELECTIONS 
(Mr. CURBELO of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, this past Sunday, the people of Ven-ezuela took to the polls and, in a loud, clear voice, deposed the Chavista rul-ing party from the National Assembly. 
Polls leading up to the election indi-
cated that a vast majority, 87 percent of Venezuelans, were dissatisfied with the direction that Maduro and his cro-nies were taking the country. 
Maduro’s policies have led Venezuela 
to having the hemisphere’s highest in-flation rate, causing critical shortages of food and medicine, as well as the collapse of the Venezuelan currency and rampant crime. 
The newly elected coalition has 
pledged to make necessary reforms to get a handle on the economy. It has also promised to pass laws to release the political prisoners that have been unjustly arrested by the Maduro re-gime. 
Sunday’s elections were a watershed 
moment for the Venezuelan people, and it charts a new course for their des-tiny. However, there is still hard work that needs to be done to ensure a thriv-ing, prosperous, and just Venezuela, at peace with itself and with its people. 
I congratulate the Venezuelan people 
and the Venezuelan community in the United States on this momentous occa-sion. 
f 
FDA, DO YOUR JOB, BUT GET IT 
RIGHT 
(Mr. WELCH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, the Food 
and Drug Administration has an ex-tremely important job to make certain that our food is safe, but it is often misguided and overreaches in some of its regulations. 
The FDA is considering a standard 
that would severely impact artisan cheese producers. They have proposed a safety standard that seeks to limit the level of nontoxigenic E. coli found in raw milk cheeses. 
The problem is there is absolutely no 
scientific connection between meeting that standard and improving food and safety. Yet, there is a very practical, burdensome impact on our artisan cheese makers. 
It is why the ICMSF, the leading 
global food safety body, the European Union, and many U.S. food safety ex-perts have argued that monitoring raw milk cheeses for nontoxigenic E. coli is absolutely unwarranted. In spite of that international consensus, the FDA is forging ahead, and it is going to do real damage to our artisan cheese mak-ers. 
Artisan cheese makers already have 
rigorous protocols in place to ensure safety. That is why I led a bipartisan, bicameral group of colleagues in send-ing a letter to FDA raising concerns with this standard: FDA, do your job, but get it right. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.048 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9187 December 9, 2015 
POVERTY AND ITS IMPACTS ON 
AMERICAN FAMILIES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida). Under the Speak-
er’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) is recognized for 60 minutes 
as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, I want 
to thank my friend and colleague from New Jersey, Congresswoman B
ONNIE  
WATSON COLEMAN , for her tireless work 
on so many issues, and for allowing us to use the Congressional Progressive Caucus’ time tonight to organize this Special Order on poverty and its im-pacts on American families. 
Also, I would like to recognize my 
friend and colleague from Missouri, and thank our cochair of the Congres-sional Black Caucus’ Poverty and Economy Task Force, Congressman C
LEAVER , for his leadership on poverty, 
opportunity, housing, and so many issues that he cares about and has been a champion about for so many years. 
Also, to our colleague and our good 
friend and whip, Mr. H
OYER , his unwav-
ering commitment is very evident in making poverty a priority for this body. 
Also, to Leader P
ELOSI , I want to 
thank her and recognize her for her commitment to the most vulnerable, and for reminding us constantly that 20 percent of America’s children continue to live below the poverty line. 
So this evening, I rise as the chair of 
the Democratic Whip’s Task Force on Poverty, Income Inequality, and Op-portunity, and cochair of our Congres-sional Black Caucus’ Task Force on Poverty and the Economy to call on all of our colleagues, and our country, really, to refocus our efforts on pro-grams and policies in funding that help lift Americans out of poverty, but also to remember that there is a safety net that has to be preserved until we can do just that: People want to work; peo-ple want opportunity. 
I invite all of our colleagues to join 
us tonight in creating a national strat-egy to eradicate poverty once and for all. 
Mr. Speaker, I am going to hold my 
remarks and yield to my friend and colleague from Ohio (Ms. F
UDGE ), 
former chair of the Congressional Black Caucus and member of the Edu-cation Committee and the Ag Com-mittee. She has been, consistently, since she has been in Congress, and be-fore she came to Congress, worked and spoke on behalf of the most vulnerable in our country. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman for yielding. 
I just want to say that there is no 
one in this Congress who works harder and puts in more time trying to find a way to come back and eradicate pov-erty than B
ARBARA LEE. It is my pleas-
ure and my privilege to work with you every day. I have learned so much from you, and I just want you to continue to do the people’s work, and I appreciate it. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to address a topic 
that many of us know far too well, and that is poverty. I see its impact on the people of the 11th Congressional Dis-trict every day. 
My district has some of the Nation’s 
most impoverished cities. The overall poverty rate is 28 percent. Out of the 435 Congressional districts in the United States, my district is one of the top 20 poorest districts in America. 
Nearly 200,000 of my constituents live 
in poverty. I see and talk to poor peo-ple every day. Mothers and fathers without jobs, families with little to no access to healthy food or adequate housing, and children—yes, Mr. Speak-er, children—who are in overcrowded classrooms with outdated textbooks. 
Poverty is the source of our Nation’s 
most persistent social and economic issues. It permeates our entire society and has victimized too many Ameri-cans for far too long. 
We don’t need another committee 
hearing on hunger or poverty to tell us what we already know. We know what the problems are and how to address them. 
My colleagues and I have been 
proactive in finding solutions to eradi-cate poverty in this, the wealthiest country in the world. I have introduced bills supporting initiatives to feed chil-dren and families, fought to protect safety-net programs, and insisted Con-gress develop policies that create jobs that pay a living wage. 
The majority in this House has not 
been a willing participant. Some Mem-bers believe that if you don’t work, you are lazy. Others believe that poor peo-ple are looking for handouts. 
Let me be clear, Mr. Speaker, none of 
that is true. The people I have spoken to are not looking for a handout. They simply need a hand up, a job to take care of their families and pay their bills. The dignity of work is what we all want. 
b1745 
We must put aside politics and pass 
policies that give everyone a fair chance at the American Dream. When we do not work together, our constitu-ents suffer. 
FDR said: ‘‘The test of our progress 
is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ 
We must act now. Ms. LEE. I thank the gentlewoman 
for her very powerful statement and for, once again, her leadership. I want to remind this body that she 
has been such an active advocate on be-half of those needing that safety net of SNAP and food stamp benefits and for making sure that people have the right to eat in this country regardless of how much money they have. 
Again, I thank Congresswoman 
F
UDGE . 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), the ranking member on the 
Appropriation Committee’s Labor, Health and Human Services, Edu-cation, and Related Agencies Sub-committee, on which I am honored to serve. Every day she is a champion on behalf of all of those who we are dis-cussing tonight in terms of making sure they have an opportunity to live the American Dream. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. I thank my colleague, 
Congresswoman L EE, for organizing 
this effort this evening. It isn’t just this evening. Every day, 24 hours a day, in her heart of hearts, she knows what her mission is here. That is to make sure that there is a better life for our families and to make sure that there is a better life for our children. It is an honor to work with her on these issues. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a saying that 
the strength of a nation starts with the strength of its families. The child tax credit was created in 1997 to help work-ing families afford the expense of rais-ing children. As we all know only too well, the cost of child-rearing goes up every single year. 
According to the latest figures from 
the Department of Agriculture, the av-erage two-parent, low-income house-hold will spend more than $218,000 per child up to the age of 18. Middle-in-come families will spend even more. We in this body have an obligation to do what we can to help households cope with these mounting costs. 
Today the child tax credit helps im-
prove the lives of some 38 million fami-lies. According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, in 2013, the child tax credit alone lifted 3.1 million peo-ple out of poverty, including 1.7 million children. The child tax credit, together with the earned income tax credit, lift more children out of poverty than any other Federal program. 
Thanks to the 2009 expansion of the 
credit, a household with two children and one full-time minimum wage earn-er receives a total credit of about $1,812 per year. That is a real help to families who might otherwise struggle just to make ends meet. Unfortunately, each year, the value of that credit declines with inflation as the cost of raising a child increases each year. 
In the last big tax deal, Congress 
made the estate tax cut both perma-nent and indexed to inflation. The beneficiaries of the estate tax are one- tenth of a percent of the people in this Nation. It strictly benefits the children of the wealthy. I don’t want to deny them benefits, but I want us to con-sider the children in low-income fami-lies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.065 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9188 December 9, 2015 
Congress should do the same for 
working families with the child tax credit. We should provide a cost-of-liv-ing increase as costs go up for raising children. By the end of this decade, the simple measure would save an esti-mated 750,000 children from falling back into poverty. 
Another statistic, my colleague from 
California, is that there are about 7,450 estates in the United States that ben-efit from the estate tax. If we indexed— provided a cost of living—for the child tax credit, 19 million children could be lifted out of poverty. Where is our bal-ance? Where is our sense of right and wrong? 
The value of indexing our anti-pov-
erty programs cannot be understated. Because Social Security benefits are indexed, the rate of seniors in poverty has been relatively stable, at close to 10 percent for the last four decades. Be-cause SNAP benefits—food stamp bene-fits—were re-indexed in the 2008 farm bill, families saw the value of their benefits stabilize. 
The biggest economic challenge fac-
ing our country today is that far too many hardworking people are still not earning enough to make ends meet. Middle class wages are stagnant or are in decline. We need to do whatever we can to support working people. 
No family in our country should have 
to struggle to raise a child. By index-ing the value of the child tax credit— providing the cost of living—and mak-ing the expansion permanent, we would help millions of parents afford these costs by giving them a permanent tax break, which helps families and does not lose its value over time. 
This year, at this time, we should re-
affirm our Nation’s support for its hardworking families. We should pro-vide them with the same benefit that we provided the children of the 1 per-cent when we made the estate tax ex-emption permanent and indexed it to inflation. 
The fact of the matter is that the 
families that we are talking about— and these are not my words, but those of Economist Mark Zandi, who was the economist for J
OHNMCCAIN. 
When he was asked what would be 
most stimulative in our economy, he talked about food stamps because peo-ple spend that money. He talked about extending unemployment benefits be-cause people spend that money right away and engage and drive our econ-omy. He also talked about the refund-able tax credits, like the earned in-come tax credit and the child tax cred-it, because people will spend that money and use it to drive our economy. 
I want to say a thank you to my col-
league from California. It is an impor-tant discussion. I thank the gentle-woman for organizing it and for always being there to make sure that those of us who serve here do not forget and that we keep our focus where it should 
be, on the sons and the daughters and the children of working families, of low-income families, and of middle class families. Ms. LEE. I thank the gentlewoman 
from Connecticut for that very poign-ant statement and for her tremendous leadership each and every day. 
Also, I want to thank the gentle-
woman for laying out what the choices are in terms of our priorities and the fact that we know how to eliminate, really, poverty if we just have the will to. So I thank the gentlewoman for laying it out. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend and 
colleague from New Jersey, Congress-woman W
ATSON COLEMAN , who each 
and every day is so consistent with her votes and her voice in terms of doing what is right for children, for the American people, for her constituency. 
Once again, I thank her for giving us 
the time this evening to talk about poverty because that certainly is a pri-ority of hers. With the Progressive Caucus, she has just hit the ground running and has really captured this moment to talk about the issues that the American people care about. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank 
the gentlewoman for yielding and for organizing, coordinating, this oppor-tunity for this discussion. I thank the gentlewoman because she is the most vibrant and is the strongest voice for those who are the most vulnerable in our communities across this Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, poverty isn’t just a 
problem in America. It is a crisis. We are not doing enough about it. 
In September, the Census Bureau re-
leased the newest data on the number of Americans living below the poverty line. The report further confirms what my colleagues and I have been trying to get the majority in this body to ac-knowledge, and that is that poverty may be one of the greatest challenges facing our Nation right now. 
The median household income stayed 
the same. The poverty rate remained the same as well. Women and minori-ties did worse than the average. Over-all, nearly 15 percent of American fam-ilies—almost 47 million people—earn less than $24,000 a year. 
The fact that terrifies me the most is 
that the way we calculate the poverty rate has several inherent flaws, and when you dive deeper into the numbers on this issue, you come up with a pic-ture of an America that is deeply bro-ken. 
The poverty rate is just a snapshot of 
a single year. Last year, for example, 22 percent of all children lived in fami-lies that fell below the poverty line, something we should be embarrassed by in not devoting more resources to fixing. 
But childhood lasts more than 1 year, 
and when you look at the span of child-hood, you find that nearly 40 percent of our children have spent at least 1 year in poverty, double what we see in a sin-gle year. We have more children who are living in poverty than in most de-veloped nations. 
That alone should serve as a wake-up 
call to all of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who so fre-quently invoke the need to protect our 
children’s futures when they are debat-ing bills here on the floor. 
In case that is not enough, here is an-
other indicator: The number of people who are living in high poverty areas— better known as slums—doubled be-tween 2000 and 2013. That is a very big deal because living in an impoverished community fundamentally changes the futures of children. 
Study after study has found that 
they are more likely to be poor later in life, less likely to achieve in school, less likely to find jobs, less likely to achieve the milestones that are nec-essary to change their trajectories, like graduating from high school and attending college, and they are more likely to end up in one of our penal in-stitutions. 
The biggest problem, Mr. Speaker, is 
that we are not doing enough to fix poverty. In fact, in some cases, we are making it worse. Take housing assist-ance programs, for example. 
We leave it up to the States to dole 
out funds for low-income housing pro-grams. These States then place the overwhelming majority of low-income developments in already low-income areas, depriving those families of qual-ity schools, of access to jobs, and of a variety of social services that more af-fluent communities benefit from. 
At home in New Jersey, I have fought 
hard against just such discrimination with legislation that required all com-munities to build affordable homes. We need the same kind of initiatives at the Federal level, laws that will ensure af-fordable housing exists beyond urban and lower income boundaries, that will give working families access to child care, that will lower the cost of col-lege, and that will increase wages. 
We also need to think about what it 
really means every time we deny a cost-of-living increase or refuse to give Federal workers the pay they deserve. Groceries still cost more every year. Rent still goes up. Bus fare gets higher. We are asking them to do more with less because we are unwilling to enact policies that actually work. That is flat out wrong. 
Mr. Speaker, for many of the chal-
lenges facing our Nation, we have yet to find a clear solution. Poverty isn’t one of those. With the willpower to act, we could eradicate poverty and build a stronger future for generations to come. 
I thank the gentlewoman from Cali-
fornia. 
Ms. LEE. I thank the gentlewoman 
from New Jersey for her very eloquent statement, but also for laying out a pathway out of poverty. 
It is comprehensive. We have to do 
this together in an integrated ap-proach. Whether it is child care, wheth-er it is housing, whether it is SNAP benefits, whether it is higher edu-cation, whether it is K–12, Congress-woman W
ATSON COLEMAN has laid out 
the intricacies of what we mean when we talk about pathways out of poverty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.067 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9189 December 9, 2015 
I thank the gentlewoman very much 
for taking us to the next level in terms of how we need to really view our strategies. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), 
our Democratic whip, who has really insisted that we, as a body, look at how we develop our pathways out of pov-erty within the context of our Task Force on Poverty, Income Inequality, and Opportunity, because it takes op-portunity to help lift people out of pov-erty. 
Again, I thank the gentleman from 
Maryland for making this a priority for this body and for continuing to beat the drum on behalf of those who have the least. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
No one more than Congresswoman 
B
ARBARA LEEin this House has been fo-
cused on how we lift those in poverty out of poverty and into the middle class. 
b1800 
Of course, as she so well says, it will 
be good for those in poverty, but it will also be good for all the rest of us. They will help build a better economy. They will help grow jobs, and they will help America be stronger. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join my 
friend, Chairwoman B
ARBARA LEEof 
the Democratic Whip’s Task Force on Poverty, Income Inequality, and Op-portunity, for this Special Order. 
I also want to thank Chairman 
C
LEAVER of the CBC’s Poverty and 
Economy Task Force for the work that it has done in this area. 
Mr. Speaker, poverty is bad for your 
health. Poverty is bad for your mental health. Poverty is bad for children. Poverty is bad for families. 
More than 50 years after President 
Johnson declared unconditional War on Poverty, 46 million Americans are still struggling in poverty. That is not to say we haven’t made some progress. There are programs we have adopted. 
Frankly, Medicare is a tremendous 
poverty program. Our seniors are bet-ter off, and far less of them are in pov-erty because of Medicare. Medicaid is a critical program to make sure that those who cannot afford it are, never-theless, given health care, which is im-portant for all of us to have healthy citizens with whom we deal on a daily basis. 
Ours, Mr. Speaker, may be the 
wealthiest nation on Earth, but we can best measure America’s economic suc-cess not by how many are at the very top, but how few are stuck at the bot-tom of the economic ladder. By that measure, we have a long way to go to fulfill America’s promise as a land of equal opportunity and of success. 
Even in 2015, the lines between rich 
and poor trace the old divides of race and background, with 29 percent of Na-tive Americans, 26 percent of African Americans, and 23 percent of Latinos living in poverty. Poverty also strikes, of course, our 
rural communities. In fact, in many re-spects, there is more poverty in our rural communities than in our cities 
and urban communities. It is more visi-ble in our cities because they are ag-gregated; although, we ought not to forget that literally—as I just men-tioned about minorities—millions and millions of nonminorities struggle in poverty every day. Poverty strikes children at a higher rate, unfortu-nately, one in five children in America, as our leader says. 
The task force we launched and 
which B
ARBARA LEEchairs has been 
working hard to raise awareness in Congress of these very real and very difficult challenges of poverty in Amer-ica and to provoke policies that help alleviate suffering in the short term while working to eradicate poverty over the long term. 
Speaker R
YAN has raised poverty as 
an issue on which he is focused, and he has visited areas of poverty in our country. We could recognize poverty. We can visit those in poverty. But what it is important to do, Mr. Speak-er, and what B
ARBARA LEEis leading us 
to do, is to adopt policies that almost eliminate, reduce, and empower those in poverty. 
The number one rule on the War on 
Poverty, of course, ought to be first, do no harm. This means making sure that we refrain from disinvesting in the critical programs that serve the poor and help millions stave off hunger, homelessness, and disease. Mr. Speak-er, we ought to have those criteria in mind when we consider the appropria-tions bills, tax bills, and other policies that affect our people. 
Thankfully, the recent bipartisan 
budget deal prevented the return of se-questration’s severe and painful auto-matic cuts, which would have dis-proportionately harmed the most vul-nerable in our economy. Now Congress has a responsibility to follow that up by passing an omnibus and avert a shutdown. 
However, not doing further harm is 
not enough. Congress has a responsi-bility first and foremost to help create jobs that put Americans back to work and enable them to rise out of poverty and, as Congressman C
OLEMAN WATSON  
indicated, to make sure that, when we ask people and give people the oppor-tunity to work, we value that work and pay them a living wage. 
We cannot enable people to rise out 
of poverty if it keeps lurching from one manufactured crisis—when I say ‘‘it,’’ our policies here in Congress on budg-ets, on debt, on investment, and on taxes—to the next. If we lurch from one crisis to another, we will not be able to succeed in enabling and empow-ering those currently in poverty. We need to work together to invest in edu-cation, workforce training, and innova-tion to make our workforce more com-petitive and open doors of opportunity for those looking to get hired. 
We also, Mr. Speaker, need to expand 
assistance for housing and nutrition as well as access to health care, especially 
for children. Poverty need not be a cycle and should not be a cycle from generation to generation. That is de-bilitating certainly for them, but we ought to all recognize it is debilitating for us, our communities, and our coun-try. 
The promise of America has always 
been that this cycle can be broken. That is what we think about America. Even if you are born in circumstances that are tough, if you work hard and play by the rules, you can rise above it. We need to make sure that we give them that opportunity. 
We need to take steps to make sure 
that hard work pays off, that those who have jobs can earn enough not only to get by, but to get ahead. This means making child care more afford-able for working parents, enacting paid leave to care for sick loved ones, and raising the minimum wage. 
The new Speaker, Mr. R
YAN, has indi-
cated he takes very seriously the issue of poverty, as I said. I hope we can work together to address that problem in a serious, responsible, and effective manner. Not to do so would be a grave disservice to the future of our country and its people. 
One area he has suggested we might 
find agreement is in expanding the earned income tax credit to childless adults, which could lift an additional half a million Americans out of pov-erty. In addition to that, we ought to index the ITC, we ought to index the child tax credit, and we ought to index the opportunity tax credit so that we can empower and enable those who are working, those who have children that we want well-cared for and safe to be more productive citizens. 
I thank, again, Chairwoman B
ARBARA  
LEEand all of the members on the 
Democratic Whip’s Task Force on Pov-erty, Income Equality, and Oppor-tunity and the CBC’s Poverty and Economy Task Force, led by my good friend Representative C
LEAVER , for all 
the work they are doing to wage this War on Poverty with the determina-tion and purpose this challenge re-quires. 
I thank the gentlewoman for her 
leadership. 
Ms. LEE. I thank our whip for that 
very important statement. 
A couple of things I would like to 
just comment on, Mr. H
OYER , that you 
mentioned. In terms of ‘‘first, do no harm,’’ a couple of years ago—and this was with bipartisan support—in all of our appropriations bills, we put in lan-guage that said that we will do nothing in this legislation that would increase poverty. We did that on a bipartisan basis. Also, when Speaker R
YAN was 
the chair of the Budget Committee, we talked about poverty and tried to de-termine a way to put into legislation— it was our job to develop a national strategy to eliminate poverty. 
So what you are raising tonight I 
think is very important in terms of a window of opportunity for us to work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.068 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9190 December 9, 2015 
in a bipartisan way to begin to really 
do this in terms of reducing and elimi-nating poverty for the 46 million people who deserve to live the American Dream. I think that this task force and yourself, really, with Speaker R
YAN 
should be able to do this on behalf of the American people. 
I yield to the gentleman from Mary-
land. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I certainly 
hope she is correct, and I believe she is absolutely correct that we can work in a bipartisan fashion. There is nobody in this House who wants to see people in poverty. We may have different views of how to achieve the objective of empowering all of our people to seize the opportunity and to be paid a living wage and to support themselves and their family in a way we want them supported. We can work together—I agree with the gentlewoman—in a bi-partisan fashion on that issue. I thank her for her leadership in achieving that objective. 
Ms. LEE. I yield to the gentlewoman 
from southern California (Ms. R
OYBAL - 
ALLARD ), my colleague, friend, and an 
individual whom I have known for many, many years who has been con-sistent over the years on behalf of sup-porting pathways out of poverty, the most vulnerable, our immigrants, our immigrant women, our children. Con-gresswoman L
UCILLE ROYBAL -ALLARD  
serves on the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, which Ranking Member R
OSADELAURO serves 
on also. She has done unbelievable work on this subcommittee, again, being as consistent as she has ever been since I served with her in the nineties in the California Legislature. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, 
I would like to focus on child poverty. Before I do, I would like to commend my colleague, Congresswoman B
AR-
BARA LEE, for her long and steadfast 
commitment to addressing the crisis of child poverty in our Nation. 
According to the 2015 National Cen-
ter for Children in Poverty report, in the United States, more than 16 mil-lion children live in families with in-comes below the Federal poverty level. A new study by the Urban Institute found that almost 40 percent of all American children live in poverty for at least 1 year before they reach the age of 18. 
America’s children, who represent 23 
percent of the U.S. population, make up over 32 percent of those living in poverty. Sadly, my home State of Cali-fornia is an example of this human tragedy. Today, 2.5 million Califor-nians live in deep poverty, and 33 per-cent of them are children whose family income is less than $12,000 a year. In my district alone, 37,000 children live in extreme poverty. 
The harmful conditions associated 
with poverty include substandard hous-ing, lack of nutrition, overcrowding, and exposure to violence, all of which can be toxic to a developing child’s brain. Research tells us that, even 
when experienced for a short period of time, many of the negative effects of living in poverty stay with children for the rest of their lives. This includes higher rates of health and develop-mental problems, poor academic achievement, and lower rates of high school graduation. 
In addition to the individual tragedy 
of child poverty, it ultimately impacts all of us, costing our country an esti-mated $500 billion a year in lost earn-ings, higher crime-related costs, and increased health expenditures. 
Unfortunately, there is a deep void in 
awareness and government account-ability for the devastating crisis of child poverty in our country. 
b1815 
To address this lack of awareness, 
this year Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEE 
and I offered an amendment to the Labor HHS appropriations bill to fund a comprehensive National Academies of Science nonpartisan analysis of child poverty in the U.S. 
Such a study would enable Congress 
to better understand the root causes of child poverty in our Nation. It would provide invaluable information on how Congress and service providers can im-prove the effectiveness and outcomes of poverty-related programs and serv-ices. 
Fortunately, our appropriations col-
leagues on both sides of the aisle agreed with us and unanimously sup-ported our amendment. We are grateful that it was included in the final House version of the FY16 Labor Health and Human Services bill. 
Our amendment is now part of a 
package of bills being conferenced with Senate appropriators. It is our sincere hope that our child poverty amend-ment will be included in the conferenced Labor, Health, and Human Services appropriations bill for FY16. 
Mr. Speaker, it is unconscionable 
that, in the United States, the richest country in the world, child poverty is destroying the lives of millions of our Nation’s children. We must address this tragedy now. I thank Congress-woman L
EEfor organizing this Special 
Order and for her relentless leadership in the call to action to end child pov-erty in this country. 
Ms. LEE. I want to thank the gentle-
woman from Los Angeles, California, for her very powerful statement, but also once again for her tremendous leadership on the Committee on Appro-priations and in her district on so many issues, especially relating to children. It would never happen if it were not for Congresswoman L
UCILLE  
ROYBAL -ALLARD on the subcommittee. 
Thank you so much. 
Hopefully, our amendment will hold 
in the conference report. But, if it doesn’t, it is certainly not because you haven’t worked hard and have not been committed to reducing and eliminating childhood poverty. I am pretty con-fident that we are going to win this one. Thank you again for being here 
with us tonight and for your leader-ship. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to come 
down and put some charts up in the well and speak so that the statistics will be very visible before the public as it relates to the poverty rates in the United States. 
First, let me just say, Mr. H
OYER , our 
whip, talked about the 50th anniver-sary this year of President Johnson’s War on Poverty. Now, this War on Pov-erty included such initiatives as Medi-care, Medicaid, Head Start, the Higher Education Act, and the Department of Housing and Urban Development. There was a very important immigra-tion bill—you name it—50 years ago. 
This legislation, the War on Poverty, 
really has helped to reduce our poverty rates in the United States. Poverty has fallen from 26 percent in 1967 to 15 per-cent in 2015. Yet, we have a long way to go. It is not time to end this War on Poverty. 
Actually, it is time to increase our 
efforts to make sure that the 47 million people living in poverty have access to all of these initiatives that were begun 50 years ago that really have lifted families out of poverty and have pre-vented families from moving into pov-erty. That is very important to remem-ber about this 50th year anniversary. 
The Supplemental Nutrition Assist-
ance Program, for example, SNAP, that has kept nearly 5 million Ameri-cans, including 2.2 million children, out of poverty in 2014. That is why we do not want to see any more cuts to this program. 
Social Security benefits kept 1.2 mil-
lion children out of poverty in 2013. Medicaid kept nearly 3 million people out of poverty in 2014. 
Programs beyond the War on Pov-
erty, like the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit, which Con-gresswoman D
ELAURO and Whip H OYER  
spoke about, these two initiatives, these two policies and programs, have kept nearly 10 million Americans, in-cluding 5 million children, out of pov-erty in 2014 alone. These programs strengthen our economy, increase op-portunity for families, and provide mil-lions of Americans with pathways out of poverty. 
We have tried to make sure that our 
Republican colleagues understand these facts and not gut these critical programs because they are extremely important. We do not need to continue to fund tax breaks and giveaways to corporations and the well-connected while so many people are still living below the poverty line. 
Stealing aid to the poor and handing 
more to the rich is really shameful and utterly unacceptable. We need to come together to really begin to recognize that we have got to lift people out of poverty and create a level playing field so that everyone can have the oppor-tunity to live the American Dream. Cuts to these programs not only cost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.070 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9191 December 9, 2015 
our government more money—the tax-
payers, in the long run—but it is really morally wrong to cut these programs. 
Now, as a former food stamp recipi-
ent myself and public assistance recipi-ent, I know firsthand just how impor-tant these safety net programs are. I would not be here today if it were not for that lifeline, that bridge over trou-bled waters, that these types of pro-grams extended to me when I was a sin-gle mother, on welfare, raising two amazing sons, trying to get my life to-gether so that I could move on and take care of my family and live the American Dream. 
Believe me, I know. No one wants to 
be on food stamps. No one. Everyone wants a good-paying job that allows them to provide for their family and contribute to society. They want to take care of their kids. There are bumps in the road, yes, and now the economy has turned around for many, but not for all. 
That bridge over troubled waters is 
needed now more than ever. I hope that, in the negotiations in this omni-bus bill, we are going to make sure we remember these people and not raid the programs that keep people out of pov-erty and provide a safety net. As Mr. H
OYER said, let’s do no harm in this 
bill and let’s help people move into the middle class. 
We must recommit ourselves to com-
bating poverty and inequality once and for all. It really is a disgrace when you look at these charts, when you see the percentage of people living below the poverty line, and this is in the wealthi-est and most powerful country in the world. 
It is a challenge to all communities. 
Communities of color, of course, are disproportionately impacted and af-fected, but American Indians, Alaska Natives, African Americans, Latinos, Asian Americans, Asian Pacific Island-ers, Whites living below the poverty line in Appalachia and rural America. There are people living in poverty all over the country. 
I come from California. Close to 17 
percent of the population of California, mind you, is living in poverty. That is almost 2 percentage points higher than the national average, and that is in California. 
While many people believe that pov-
erty only touches cities and urban communities, as our whip indicated, our rural communities continue to be plagued with persistent poverty while lacking many of the resources found in cities, such as public transit, food banks, and access to critical workforce training. 
According to the United States Cen-
sus Bureau, 85 percent of our Nation’s persistent poverty counties, defined as 20 percent or more of a population liv-ing in poverty, are in rural America. 
Mr. C
LYBURN , our Democratic Assist-
ant Leader, has laid out a formula for years—10, 20, 30—which would direct and target Federal resources to these counties and to these areas that would lift people out of poverty. We need to 
really understand where people are and make sure that our tax dollars go to those communities to lift people out of poverty. 
More than one-third of rural Ameri-
cans and one in four rural children live in poverty in 2015. These statistics are appalling. Poverty touches our popu-lation that really needs help the most, including our children and our seniors. 
In 2015, more than 6 million seniors— 
now, that is 15 percent of all people over 65 years of age—are living in pov-erty. Even worse, while children make up just 23 percent of the population in the United States, they account for one-third of all Americans living in poverty. That is one in five kids. That is just plain wrong. 
I would like to inquire, Mr. Speaker. 
How much time do I have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from California has 15 min-utes remaining. 
Ms. LEE. I would like to in just a 
minute yield to my colleague from Florida (Ms. G
RAHAM ), who would like 
to take the floor and talk about pov-erty in her own community. She has been such a tremendous voice on elimi-nating poverty and working to lift those who live below the poverty line out of poverty. 
We know that families around the 
country living on the minimum wage have to make choices each and every day. She knows that. She is here to speak to that. I really appreciate her presence tonight on the floor. 
I yield now to the gentlewoman from 
Florida (Ms. G
RAHAM ). 
Ms. GRAHAM. Congresswoman L EE, I 
really appreciate you inviting me and allowing me the opportunity to speak tonight on this very important subject. 
I am incredibly grateful for the work 
you are doing to highlight this issue and end poverty in America. Thank you on behalf of my district and all the districts across the country. 
Twelve of the 14 counties I represent 
are rural counties that face many unique challenges, like access to social services, access to quality education, and access to health care. All of these issues are complicated by a cycle of poverty. This is especially prevalent in areas like Gadsden County, where more than 26 percent of the population live in poverty. 
It is unacceptable for one in every 
four Americans to live in poverty in any part of our country. We must do more to help rural families break the cycle of poverty and move into the middle class. 
One program that is successfully 
working to do this is the United States Department of Agriculture’s StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. Since its in-ception in 2010, StrikeForce teams have collaborated with more than 500 community partners and public enti-ties across 20 States to bring targeted assistance to rural areas experiencing chronic poverty. StrikeForce efforts have helped di-
rect over $16 billion in investments to create jobs, build homes, feed kids, as-sist farmers, and conserve natural re-sources in the country’s most economi-cally challenged areas. 
As the USDA considers expanding 
StrikeForce into more States, I urge them to bring this program to Florida, especially to north Florida and Gads-den County. Farmers in rural commu-nities are the backbone of our State, and StrikeForce will help develop our economy, create jobs, and fight rural poverty. 
Again, thank you, Congresswoman 
L
EE, for bringing attention to this im-
portant issue. I look forward to work-ing with you to end poverty across our country. 
Ms. LEE. I want to thank the gentle-
woman from Florida for that very im-portant statement and for once again raising the issue of rural poverty and the StrikeForce and the fact that we know how to eliminate poverty. 
We just need the political will to do 
that. I know your constituents are very proud of you, and you are waging a noble fight each and every day on their behalf. Thank you for being here this evening. 
There are a couple more statistics 
which I would like to discuss for just a few minutes. That is the issue of rais-ing the minimum wage. We know that raising the minimum wage is not only good for our hardworking families, but it also makes economic sense, too. 
b1830 
According to the Economic Policy In-
stitute, raising the minimum wage to $12 an hour by 2020 would lift more than 35 million Americans out of pov-erty—that is just to $12 an hour. But in many parts of the country, even $12 is not sufficient. We are mounting cam-paigns around the country for $15 an hour. In some communities and States, you can barely get by on $15 an hour, but raising it to $12 is a step forward. Just raising the minimum wage is a step forward. 
So many poor people are working. 
They are part of the working poor. They are working two jobs, and they still have to rely on SNAP benefits, Medicaid, and Section 8 housing. 
People who work should not be poor, 
and so we have got to have a living wage. We have got to raise the min-imum wage and get to a living wage so that everyone in our country can live the American Dream, as we continue to say, and so that opportunity can be provided for everyone. 
Some people are working two jobs 
and barely can make it with children because their wages are stagnant and they are just too low to be able to sur-vive in this American society. So rais-ing the minimum wage to a living wage is a critical strategy. It is a critical policy that this body should embrace and pass. 
I yield to my colleague from Georgia 
Congressman J
OHNSON , who has been a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.071 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9192 December 9, 2015 
steady voice on so many issues since he 
has been here in Congress, especially on behalf of the most vulnerable in our society: the poor and the working poor. His voice and his work has certainly been a major contributor in terms of our task force growing to over 100 members. Thank you again for being a member of the task force and for what you do each and every day. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, it is my honor and my privilege to serve alongside you, Congresswoman, with all of the bigness of your heart and the care that you have for people, particularly those who are on their way up. You don’t have anything against those who are already in place and doing well, but your heart is con-stantly on display toward those who are less fortunate. I am just privileged and honored to join you in that quest. 
Today has been a great day. This 
morning, we celebrated the 150th anni-versary of the passage of the 13th Amendment abolishing slavery in America. And to think back 150 years and look at the 100 years it took from that point to get to the point where we could pass a Voting Rights Act here in America, and then from that 50-year point up to today to be addressed by an African American President of the United States shows what kind of val-ues we have in this country, what kind of opportunities we have in this coun-try. 
And so I am just filled with great tid-
ings during this holiday season; how-ever, I am not carried off by the winds of prosperity that may have come to some of us while to others the winds of prosperity have passed us by for var-ious reasons, despite all of the progress that we have made as a people. 
As it stands now, Congresswoman, it 
is not a Black or White thing; it is a people thing. We have more Caucasian Americans living in poverty than we have African Americans. So poverty is not a discriminator when it comes to national origin, when it comes to race, or when it comes to sex. 
The fact is we have more women liv-
ing in poverty and we have more chil-dren living in poverty. There is nothing to be joyful about that. We have more elderly people falling into poverty today. 
My heart cries out for Caucasian 
Americans between the ages of 45 and 60 who, studies show, are meeting an early and untimely death at their own hands—suicide. Also, alcoholism and drug abuse are ravaging that particular demographic, as well as liver disease and other chronic ailments. 
It all, I would posit, stems from the 
sense of hopelessness that pervades the people at this particular time. We see all of the prosperity. We see the pros-perity of the few, the top 1 percent. You can look at the top 10 percent and see the concentration of wealth in this country. You see it, you watch the TV, and you aspire for all of the goods that are displayed to you on TV, but yet there is a sense of hopelessness about you being able to achieve that, despite 
the fact that you are working two and three jobs and still qualify for food stamps and other social services. 
We are realizing that, despite the 
hard work and the effort, the playing field is not level and the game is skewed in favor of the few on top at the expense of the masses on the bottom, and so something is wrong with that picture. That is an imbalance that we need to correct. So that is why I am so happy to work on the Out of Poverty Caucus. 
Some say, ‘‘Why try? It can never be 
done’’; but I am one of those who say that, if we don’t try, it won’t be done. If we try, it can make a difference. 
I think that with the proper people in 
place to make the policy decisions that we make here in Congress, there is so much that we can do to relieve poverty in this country and to offer oppor-tunity for people who only want to work hard and play by the rules. They long for the day to return when they can look at their children and their grandchildren and rest assured know-ing that the opportunities for them will be at least, if not greater than, those that existed for themselves. 
And so our job is to make things bet-
ter on the ground for people. Our mis-sion is to help those who need help. There are always going to be some peo-ple who need it, and there is nothing wrong with helping somebody who needs help. In fact, that is what living is all about: serving your fellow man. That is why I am here. I know that is why you are here, and I am just happy to serve with you. 
I would add that it has been 51 years 
since 1964 when President Lyndon B. Johnson launched the War on Poverty, an ambitious set of initiatives to in-crease access to education, spur job growth, and improve nutrition and health to our poorest Americans. Fifty- one years later, it is estimated that up to 45 million Americans live in pov-erty. In the greatest Nation on Earth, there are 45 million starving children, impoverished seniors, and families that struggle every day to obtain the bare necessities to survive. 
I know how it feels because, for 1 
week, I tried to exist on the food stamp challenge with you, Congresswoman, and that was tough. I got off of it after, I think, about 5 days. To try to exist on what we give the average food stamp recipient is quite tough. 
In Georgia, 25 percent of the people 
who are 50 or older and whose income level is less than $22,000 a year struggle 
with hunger. In my district, that is an important issue, because in DeKalb County, 10 percent of the people live below the poverty line, and the major-ity of those are children. In Rockdale County, it is 13 percent. 
Ms. LEE. I thank the gentleman for 
his message of hope tonight and for re-minding us of the fact that poverty does take its toll on the mental health and well-being of the human spirit. 
I want to thank all of the Members 
who participated. I hope we can move in a bipartisan fashion to address some 
of the major, major issues that this body knows that it can address if it so chooses. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to offer remarks on poverty and income inequality in America in light of our recent budget discussions. In the world’s most rich and powerful nation, more than 46 million Americans live in poverty. In Texas, 18 percent of residents live in poverty and 25 percent of children under 18 live in poverty. In Dallas, TX, the number of low-in-come people rose 41 percent between 2000 and 2012. 
These numbers are staggering in a nation, 
state, and city with such wealth. Congress can and must do more to create opportunity for people who live in poverty. Passing a strong federal budget with anti-poverty programs, cre-ating educational opportunities for students who come from low-income families, ensuring children and families have adequate food, ad-vocating for a higher minimum wage, and keeping our federal health programs strong are just a few examples of the ways Congress can help lift these individuals and families out of poverty. 
We know that these programs work. The 
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) kept almost 5 million Americans, in-cluding 2.2 million children, out of poverty last year. Medical kept almost 3 million people out of poverty last year and that number continues to increase as more states expand Medicaid. The Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) and the Child Tax Credit (CTC) helped to lift 10 million Americans, including 5 million children, out of poverty last year. 
Anti-poverty programs not only help families 
rise above and stay out of poverty, they keep families contributing to the economy on a daily basis. Rather than keeping low-income Dallasites, Texans, and Americans on a tight-rope where they are one medical emergency, job loss, or large car expense away from dip-ping into poverty, we must bolster our re-sources. During the very year that we cele-brated the 50th anniversary of several War on Poverty programs enacted by President John-son, we must make it easier and not more dif-ficult for working families in this country. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 381 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (during the 
Special Order of Ms. L EE). Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent to remove myself from H.R. 381. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
FOREST MANAGEMENT AND 
WILDFIRES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.073 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9193 December 9, 2015 
Subcommittee on Conservation and 
Forestry, I am pleased to open this Special Order to discuss forest manage-ment and wildfires. 
Over the course of this year, many 
Western States, including Alaska, have gone through a catastrophic wildfire season, with more than 9 million acres burned to date. This is a continuation of an unsustainable trend where the av-erage number of acres burned each year has doubled since the 1990s. To address this, government spending on wildfire suppression has also doubled; yet the total amount of spending on forestry activities has remained the same. 
Because the cost of wildfire suppres-
sion efforts has continued to climb over the past 15 years, the U.S. Forest Service has repeatedly had to transfer money from its nonfire programs to firefighting efforts. In fact, this year alone, more than 50 percent of the For-est Service budget went toward wild-fire suppression, taking funding away from programs and activities that pro-mote forest health and reduction of un-derbrush, wood waste, and dead trees, which help these wildfires spread. 
Fire transfers also undermine timber 
harvesting, which is critical for the health of the forests as well as our rural communities and counties. 
In contrast to this 50 percent, only 20 
years ago, the Forest Service was only spending as little as 13 percent, or one- sixth, of its budget on fire-related ac-tivities. However, this is not simply a question of allocating more money for fire suppression. The real solution to this problem is how we maintain our forests. 
I am pleased to be joined tonight by 
bipartisan members of the Conserva-tion and Forestry Subcommittee of the Agriculture Committee. 
I am pleased to yield to the ranking 
member of that committee, M
ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM . 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. T HOMPSON , I appre-
ciate this Special Order on wildfires and forest management, and I really appreciate your leadership on the House Agriculture Committee as chair-man of our Subcommittee on Conserva-tion and Forestry. 
Most recently, the subcommittee 
held a hearing on the 2015 wildfire sea-son and long-term fire trends, a much- needed hearing recognizing the con-cerns and urgent needs of many of our Members who watched their districts and States burn to unprecedented lev-els this year. 
What is abundantly clear from the 
testimony we heard, especially that of Forest Service Chief Tidwell, was how crippling the current wildfire budget system is to the agency and how, frankly, it prevents the Forest Service from carrying out its congressionally mandated mission. 
The current process for funding wild-
fire suppression is inefficient and wastes taxpayer dollars. Once the For-est Service exhausts their wildfire sup-pression budget, the agency is then forced to transfer funds from nonfire 
programs, which are often needed to prevent fires, in order to support the immediate, emergency needs of fire suppression. 
b1845 
In the last fiscal year, FY15, the For-
est Service spent $700 million more than what Congress initially appro-priated. 
Since 2004, the Forest Service has 
needed eight supplemental appropria-tions. This is now the norm, not the ex-ception. 
This year’s wildfire season dev-
astated much of the Western United States. The Forest Service spent $1.7 billion fighting these fires. More than 9 million acres were burned, thousands of homes and other infrastructures were lost, and 13 firefighters lost their 
lives in the line of duty. 
While I am thankful New Mexico 
avoided any big fires this year, I know firsthand how devastating fires can be. For 3 years in a row, New Mexico en-dured the biggest fires the State has ever seen. The Whitewater-Baldy Com-plex, Las Conchas, and the Gila fires devastated our land, our resources and our communities. 
These fires are natural disasters that 
require emergency response and recov-ery and should, frankly, be funded the same way as hurricanes, floods and tor-nados. Now, it is clear to me that Con-gress needs to urgently fix this funding problem before more communities are destroyed and lives are lost. 
In addition to the ‘‘fire borrowing’’ 
issue, Congress also has to address the rising 10-year suppression cost average for wildfires. Rising wildfire costs means that less funding is going to nonfire Forest Service employees and programs each year. Because of this, the Forest Service now has fewer re-sources for recreation, research and de-velopment, and road maintenance. 
There are also fewer resources to 
carry out activities and projects that many say we need more of, such as NEPA analysis, timber contracts, tim-ber salvage, controlled burns, and other Forest Service management ac-tivities. 
Lack of resources often means that 
these projects get delayed or canceled. And we aren’t just talking about For-est Service projects; they are projects in each of our districts that are devel-oped by our own constituents and part-ners within each of these communities. 
Now, I understand that the broken 
wildfire budget and rising costs are only part of the problem. Wildfires are burning bigger and more intense than ever before. 
Climate change is causing more 
drought, higher temperatures, bringing new diseases and pests to new areas, and changing the vegetation on the ground. Our forests are not the same forests that they were 50 years ago, or even 20 years ago. 
Climate change is undoubtedly 
changing our forest dynamics, and we must make our forests more resilient. Fixing the broken wildfire budgeting 
process is the most effective thing Con-gress can do to begin to address the devastating wildfires that are plaguing this country. 
I also agree that we need more man-
agement work done on the ground, so let’s work together to ensure that the Forest Service has sufficient resources to do their work. 
I understand that there have been 
talks on both the House and Senate side about including a budget fix in the upcoming omnibus, but that a deal re-mains elusive because some parties are unwilling to address the budget caps in order for wildfires to get treated as ex-actly what they are, as natural disas-ters. This would treat wildfire natural disasters just like every other natural disaster in this country. 
We out west have helped fund hurri-
canes, tornados and flooding in the Midwest and in the eastern parts of the country. We should be doing the same for our natural disasters out west. 
I urge Speaker R
YAN, and Chairman 
PRICE of the Budget Committee, to rec-
ognize this simple, yet important dis-tinction. 
House leadership, Mr. T
HOMPSON , and 
others, I know, we can sit down and we can come to an agreement to fix the broken budget process and address some of the management needs. I stand ready at any moment to have these conversations and find a path forward. 
I thank the chairman very much. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the gentlewoman, who is a great ranking member on the subcommittee, for all of her work and for her com-ments and words this evening. 
Mr. Speaker, having served on the 
subcommittee with the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ), he is a 
great advocate for forest products, for healthy forests, for economically healthy rural communities. We share that passion. I am just very thankful that he was able to, in a very busy schedule, make time this evening to be part of this Special Order. 
I yield to the gentleman from Oregon 
(Mr. S
CHRADER ). 
Mr. SCHRADER. I thank the chair-
man. I want to applaud you and the ranking member for the Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee for having this colloquy here tonight. 
I think it is really important for 
folks to understand the severity of the issue that is before us here. As my western colleague pointed out a mo-ment ago, these wildfires are alive and well, unfortunately, and absolutely devastating, devastating at a level that we had never seen or expected before. 
These disasters, not just back east 
with Sandy and Katrina, but the wildfires that we see in New Mexico and in my home State of Oregon and neighboring State of Washington this summer, are absolutely catastrophic, and way above and beyond what we have seen in past decades. 
The firefighting situation has become 
untenable. The height of ridiculousness 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.075 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9194 December 9, 2015 
is to acknowledge the fact that fire-
fighting costs have doubled over the last 15 years, on a regular basis, 8 out of 10 years, as was pointed out a mo-ment ago, and not do anything about it. 
The wildfires don’t go away when we 
put our heads in the sand. They con-tinue to devastate. 
I would like to point out three, 
maybe four things I think are really important. We are talking about an omnibus bill here that everyone is ar-guing over. There are certain policy riders, I submit, that have nothing to do with the budget. 
There is some discussion about a fire 
funding fix, though, to get after this budgetary disaster that we have, now every year. Why not budget up front for this so that the resources can be al-located immediately? 
Secondly, not devastate the Forest 
Service budget, because if you take it out of the Forest Service budget, even temporarily, then the Forest Service can’t do its land management work, which gets rid of the hazardous fuel, gets rid of the diseased trees, takes care of the pests to prevent the next wave of forest fires. 
This is very simple, folks. This is 
very simple. 
The funding fix also talks about 
working in a collaborative way to build the collaborative relationships that have eluded us so far for our forestry problems. 
The fix talks about working collabo-
ratively on the NEPA process with folks, make sure it is done correctly, but in a way that the Forest Service can manage and get it done quickly. 
It talks about set-asides for small 
areas that could be categorically ex-cluded where there is already collabo-rative work being done on the urban- rural interface and, actually, some areas to promote wildlife habitat. 
I mean, this is the type of thing that 
actually gets at what both the environ-mental community and the forest com-munity need to have. 
One last big point I think that gets 
ignored a lot in this discussion is the economic loss that occurs as a result of these forest fires. We could have a lot more money for tax resources if we got after these fires early on. 
Right now, I have timber commu-
nities in my State where over 50 per-cent of the land is Federal forest lands that go up in smoke, that they could otherwise be harvesting or reducing that fuel load by thinning, to promote jobs, economic development, and tax revenues. 
I think a small investment in this 
budget to offset larger costs later on, and adequately fight these fires, to pro-tect rural America, is critical. 
Right now, rural America is not get-
ting its fair share. There is a lot of talk about 9/11 and making sure our first re-sponders get the health care that they need and deserve for stepping in in a disaster situation in New York City. 
Where is the stepping in to help my 
firefighters out west? These men and women go into toxic situations, life- 
threatening situations, and they get no respect just because we are out west. 
As the ranking member pointed out, 
and the chairman pointed out, these are devastating disasters, just as bad as tornados, just as bad as hurricanes. Where is the fairness to my western colleagues in getting their issue taken care of? 
This devastates the communities. 
These rural communities are poor al-ready. With these fires rampaging across the landscape, they get poorer quicker. 
There is no Intel or Microsoft setting 
up in the middle of nowhere in the rural parts of my State and my dis-trict. They depend on natural re-sources, the good use of natural re-sources, resources that can be used for carbon sequestration by not having these fires. 
I find it amazing that, in a budgetary 
discussion, we are trying to save money, not just in the short term, but in the long term, that we are having trouble getting this fire funding fix that is bipartisan. Even the White House is behind it. 
We have an opportunity to get this 
done for a small amount of money that will be paid back over the next few years in spades. I think it is a shame that we can’t get this thing done just instantaneous. 
I hope the discussion tonight opens 
the eyes of some folks about the dis-crimination that is going on against rural America, particularly out west. 
And I really, really, want to thank 
the ranking member and the chairman, 
who I have worked with closely over the years, a true friend, a friend of rural and forested America, for bring-ing this to our attention. Thank you very much. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the gentleman for lending your passion and your knowledge to this im-portant debate tonight. And I share your hope, that we raise the level of awareness. 
We are talking a lot about western 
forests, but I have to tell you, having an eastern forest, I represent the Fifth District of Pennsylvania; when these large wildfires occur out west, there is a large sucking sound of resources, both personnel and money, being taken out of our eastern forests. 
These are monies that are used to 
make our forests healthy. These are monies that are used to do timber mar-keting, marketing of timber and tim-ber sales so that we can generate rev-enue to our countries, our school dis-tricts. So these monies really are taken away from active management, and active management is the key in helping cut down on the amount of wildfires in our forest. 
This involves mechanical thinning, 
hazardous fuel reduction projects and, of course, a sustainable amount of tim-ber harvesting per the forced Allowable Sale Quantity, or ASQ. 
Now these various activities are es-
sential in order to help ensure that the forest doesn’t become an overgrown 
tinderbox. Areas that aren’t properly maintained not only become tinderbox, as a risk of wildfires, but also for invasive species outbreaks. 
I don’t know of anyone in Congress 
that has more expertise on this than our next speaker. He is a professional forester. He brings tremendous edu-cation and experience to Washington. 
We are real proud to have him as a part of our team working on this issue, real-ly leading on this issue. 
Our next speaker is actually the au-
thor of H.R. 2647, which has been passed by the House of Representatives, the Resilient Federal Forest Act of 2015, so I am honored to yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania, and also thank him for his lead-ership on this issue, a very important issue, and one that he has a good grasp of that I wish the rest of our Federal Government could get a good grasp of. 
I also would like to thank the rank-
ing member for her remarks, and the gentleman from Oregon, for his re-marks. 
We do have a national treasure in our 
forests. The U.S. Forest Service man-ages over 193 million acres of forests and grasslands from Maine to Alaska. 
The Forest Service was formed by 
President Teddy Roosevelt and his friend, Gifford Pinchot, who was the first Chief of the Forest Service. These men were true conservationists and naturalists. They understood the science of the forest. They understood the value of the forest, and they under-stood its contribution to society, so they worked to conserve that for fu-ture generations. 
Roosevelt and Pinchot hold a special 
place in my heart. I grew up by the for-ests that were established by Roo-sevelt, and I studied at the Yale School of Forestry that was founded by Pin-chot. 
Teddy Roosevelt once said about our 
natural resources, he said that our Na-tion behaves well if it treats its nat-ural resources as assets, which it must turn over to the next generation, in-creased and not impaired in value. 
Mr. Speaker, we are not behaving 
well as a Nation. We are decreasing and impairing the value of our forests. 
b1900 
Our forests are not just an asset; 
they are a treasure, a treasure that provides beauty, makes clean air, puri-fies our water, provides wildlife habi-tat, and a variety of recreational ac-tivities and opportunities. Our forests store carbon and provide many of the products that we live in, that we learn from, and that we use to survive every day. 
Mr. Speaker, this is not a Republican 
failure, and it is not a Democratic fail-ure. It is a congressional and an agency failure that we have the power to cor-rect. 
Wildfires continue to sweep across 
the country. They are burning hotter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.076 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9195 December 9, 2015 
and faster than in years past. More 
than 9 million acres of Federal land burned this year alone. Costs to fight fires and the number of fires burning grows every year. 
As has been mentioned so many 
times before, the Forest Service’s big-gest expense is firefighting. The costs of it have ballooned over the years. It is not just the cost of fighting fires, as the gentleman from Oregon said, that is the cost. We are destroying a valu-able asset: 9 million acres of Federal land and timber that goes up in smoke. These products could be used. They have value to them. We are not only spending the money to fight the fires; we are losing valuable assets every year. 
This year, Mr. Speaker, Congress had 
to appropriate an extra $700 million to land management agencies to cover the cost of fire borrowing. The Forest Serv-ice is becoming a firefighting agency, unable to meet its mission of ‘‘caring for the land and serving people.’’ 
Fire borrowing is not the only prob-
lem, and I submit that it is actually not even the problem. It is the symp-tom of a problem. It is the result of our current management choice that each year is becoming less and less manage-ment. Unfortunately, we do not have the luxury of choosing not to manage. 
Forests are dynamic, living orga-
nisms. They don’t pay attention to what we say here in Washington, DC, or what we write in laws. The only thing forests know is to grow and fill their growing space and to absorb the sunlight. They fill the growing space, and they quit growing. Then they be-come weakened. They are subject to in-sect and disease attack. They die. We get debris on the forest floor. Light-ning strikes, and the forest burns. If we choose not to manage the forests, then nature continues to manage. We don’t have that luxury of saying that we are just not going to manage the forest. 
Our land management policies have 
changed for the worse simply and mainly because we have not been able to manage. Red tape and lawsuits are harming our landscapes. Forests are overgrown, and they are unhealthy. 
Healthy forests will lead to smaller 
fires that can be contained. A healthy forest puts less carbon in the atmos-phere, and, in fact, it sequesters more carbon through new tree growth and reforestation. Simply by the biological growth curve, younger organisms grow faster so they are pulling more carbon out of the atmosphere. They are stor-ing it in their trunks, in their leaves, and in their roots. 
The good news is the House has been 
behaving well. The House produced and passed a good piece of legislation in H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act. Now, this isn’t the end-all to fix the problems with our forests, but it is a great first step. 
H.R. 2647 simultaneously ends fire 
borrowing in a fiscally responsible manner, but it also gives the Forest Service the tools it needs to create healthy forests. Healthy forests are a 
winning situation. Everybody wins with a healthy forest. Wildlife wins, and sports and outdoor recreation en-thusiasts win. We all win with cleaner air, and we all win with cleaner water. Our rural communities win with an economic benefit. There is not a down-side to having a healthy forest. It is good for America to have healthy for-ests. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to put 
the policy in place so that we can have healthy forests. It is time for the Sen-ate to behave. It is time for the Senate to act on H.R. 2647 so we can end fire borrowing and manage our forests. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the gentleman. I thank you for your leadership and bringing your ex-pertise to Washington. It is great to serve with you, and I appreciate all the leadership that you are showing, not just on this issue but so many different issues that are good not just for the folks of Arkansas, but for the entire Nation. So thank you so much for being part of this Special Order to-night. 
Mr. Speaker, a healthy forest is so 
incredibly important because a healthy forest represents, also, wealthy com-munities. Our rural communities are so dependent on the active, proper man-agement of our national forests. 
These national forests didn’t always 
exist. At one time, our predecessors— some going back 100 years or more— came to the table with the local com-munities, and they made a commit-ment that for the good of the Nation they would create national forests. 
Now, let’s be clear. National forests 
are not national parks. They are com-pletely different. National forests are not managed by the Department of the Interior and the National Park Service. National forests are managed by the Department of Agriculture, because they were set aside and established so that our Nation would always have an abundant, ready supply of timber. Tim-ber was one of the initial industries that we had. It was so important to the past of our country, but important to the future of our country as well. 
As Mr. W
ESTERMAN really articulated 
well, when you have a healthy forest, you have carbon sinks and you have fil-ters. A lot of our watersheds originate in our national forests, so it is good for clean water if they are properly man-aged. It is good for clean air, and it is good for the economy. 
Mr. Speaker, from time to time, I 
spend some time as a lay pastor and I will fill the pulpit. When I am talking to the churches, I talk about how a healthy church is like a healthy forest. If I go into a church and I see that ev-eryone sitting in the pews has my hair-line, a little bit of salt on the side here with gray hair, that is not a healthy church. It is just kind of one genera-tion. Well, forests are the same way. If you want a healthy church, you need multiple generations in the pews. If you want a healthy forest, you need multiple generations of forest because 
it is good for the wildlife, it is good for the birds, and it is good for the mam-mals, because they need different types of forests at different points in their maturity in order to support that wild-life. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the things that 
leads to putting pressure on certain species is, when we stop harvesting trees, we stop active management, be-cause we know that almost every spe-cies, at different times in their life, need that kind of open area. They need time in young forest growth right through to more mature forest growth. Without that, these species can’t be supported. 
So there are all kinds of reasons, let 
alone the economic health of our rural communities. That was a promise that was made by our predecessors when they took this land out of the private sector and put it into the public sector. It was done with a promise that they would always do active management in such a way to generate the revenue to be able to backfill for those property taxes that would have been lost. 
We have really failed at that as a na-
tion. Our rural communities in and around our national forests are so chal-lenged. Don’t get me wrong. I think we have great people that are working for the Forest Service. I spend a lot of time with them. They are dedicated professionals. 
I think the Chief of the Forest Serv-
ice, Tom Tidwell, is an outstanding in-dividual, has strong character. I like the Chief because his first job in the Forest Service was when he was going to college and he worked summers as a firefighter. I am an old firefighter. He has done all the jobs. He knows what it is to manage an active forest. 
We have a lot of pressures, though, 
that the bureaucracy has placed on him. We have a lot of external pres-sures with special interest groups who claim they are trying to save the for-ests. But the end result of their actions where they limit, they sue, and they prevent forest plans from being imple-mented and prevent timber manage-ment from occurring, they are actually killing the forests. 
Forests are living entities. If they 
are not actively managed, they will get sick and they will die. When they do, they become emitters of carbon. When a forest is healthy, it actually absorbs carbon. It is a carbon sink, as I said be-fore. 
Mr. Speaker, let me talk about some 
of the statistics that show that much of our national forest system is unhealthy. In fact, the Forest Service has identified up to one-quarter of nearly 200 million acres of national for-est land as a wildfire risk. We have seen a dramatic reduction, Mr. Speak-er, of the harvest from our national forests from nearly 13 billion board feet in the 1980s to roughly 3 million board feet in past years. 
Let me put that into perspective and 
share some statistics on that. Let’s go 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.078 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9196 December 9, 2015 
back to 1995. In 1995, Mr. Speaker, one- 
sixth of the Forest Service budget was used for wildfire management and mitigation. It was reasonable. At that point, when we were using one-sixth of the Forest Service budget, we were harvesting in 1995 3.8 billion board feet. 
Let’s fast-forward to 2015. Now, the 
numbers I am going to share with you are from August of 2015. I readily admit I don’t have the past couple months in this, but at this point, the Forest Serv-ice is spending 50 percent of its budget on fighting wildfires—50 percent. 
Think about 50 percent of your 
household, 50 percent of your family’s budget, your business, or a local school. To take 50 percent of your budget just for this type of crisis man-agement doesn’t work. It just doesn’t work. 
At the same time, Mr. Speaker, we 
have only projected to harvest, at that point, 2.4 billion board feet. It is a big part of the lack of active management. We need to provide the Forest Service tools to be able to help them do their jobs. The high-water mark was back in 1987 when we had 12.7 billion board feet harvested. That is a variance from this year of 10.3 billion board feet. 
We are constantly talking about the 
economic crisis that we are in here, and we are. We have got a debt that has been out of control. I am very proud to be a part of a Republican-led Congress that, for a number of years, on the dis-cretionary side, we have actually re-duced our spending, and we are start-ing to get our arms wrapped around mandatory spending. So we are doing our job. 
But there is a need for more re-
sources, and we recognize that. There is a need for more revenue. We are lit-erally burning that revenue up in our national forests each and every year, dramatically. How much revenue? I would have to say that, if you take, every year, 10.3 billion board feet, if that is the amount that we could get our annual harvesting to, you have to ask yourself: How much more healthy would the forest be? 
If the forest is healthy, Mr. Speaker, 
so many fewer wildfires would occur at just an incredible cost, including the loss of lives. We have lost a tremendous number of American heroes, our fire-fighters from both the U.S. Forest Service but also volunteer firefighters like myself. Perhaps some professional firefighters have lost their lives be-cause of the incident. It is just the cri-sis that we have in wildfires. 
If we would increase our harvesting, 
we would increase the health of the for-est, and we could reduce wildfires and that risk. We would also increase rev-enue. I am not prepared to tell you what the average value of a board foot in timber harvest off our national for-ests is. I know that varies greatly. 
Mr. Speaker, I happen to represent 
the Allegheny National Forest. I am proud to say that it is actually the most profitable national forest in the country. It is kind of puny compared to my colleagues out west. We are about 
513,000 acres, but we have got the world’s best hardwood cherry. Our hardwoods are what increase the value. I know that is a wide variance on what the value of 1 board foot in 2015 of tim-ber harvested in our national forests is. But whatever that number is, multiply it by $10.3 billion, and that is a lot of revenue that is owned by the taxpayers of this country—given the fact it is their national forest—that we could be bringing in. 
Then the prosperity, Mr. Speaker. If 
we could unleash and get timber in closer to that sustainable rate, what that would do for our school districts, our kids, our families, and the jobs that would be stimulated in the forest products industry. It would just have an amazing impact, Mr. Speaker. 
Now, as we examine these issues, Mr. 
Speaker, it becomes easier to see how everything is corrected. Trees which should have been harvested years ago have been allowed to become fuel for forest fires, leading to the rise in the acreage burned that we have seen in re-cent years. 
There are many prospective solutions 
to this problem, including the Agricul-tural Act of 2014, also known as the farm bill. I am very proud that all the Members were involved with the farm bill. It was a great bipartisan bill that we did. It includes provisions to in-clude improved forest management. So we have taken action. We have enacted into law some tools for the Forest Service. 
There is just more that we need to 
do, Mr. Speaker. Those tools include an expedited process in the planning for projects and the reauthorization pro-grams, such as the stewardship con-tracting and the Good Neighbor Au-thority. These all improve forest health, timber sales, and restoration. 
Now, the House passed the Resilient 
Federal Forests Act of 2015, which Mr. W
ESTERMAN very appropriately talked 
about, in July. 
b1915 
The goal of this legislation was to 
provide the Forest Service with direc-tion and the tools to address the chal-lenges of litigation. I have to tell you, Mr. Speaker, we have forest plans that are about active timber management, but we have these outside groups that sue the government because the gov-ernment reimburses their costs, even when they settle out of court. 
That is not why the Equal Access to 
Justice Act was originally written; not for some group that is not a direct stakeholder in terms of having prop-erty that is in the forest or adjoined to the forest. But it is litigation, it is funding, no doubt about it, it is the process, it is basic timber harvesting, and essential active management. I will come back to some of those in just a bit. I want to share some outcomes from the most recent hearing that we had with the Conservation and For-estry Subcommittee. I am proud to cosponsor this impor-
tant piece of legislation. I believe that it should become law. It will have a major impact on reducing catastrophic wildfires across the Nation. 
The district that I represent, Penn-
sylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, is the home of the Allegheny National Forest, the only national forest in the Commonwealth. It encompasses more than 513,000 acres across four counties, and for generations, it has formed the economic bedrock of small commu-nities in that region. 
In some ways, the Allegheny is very 
different from our western forests—I have mentioned some of those—but it has many similar challenges, including a lack of timbering, reduced county budgets, and outbreaks of invasive spe-cies. 
Reforming the way we deal with 
wildfires and forestry management will have a positive effect in forests and in rural communities, not just in the Al-legheny National Forest in Pennsyl-vania, but, quite frankly, across the Nation. 
I look forward to hearing more from 
my colleagues, and taking opportuni-ties in the future to host more of these Special Orders, in looking at ways so that we can confront the very real challenges in national forest regions. 
I wanted to share some of the out-
comes from our most recent hearing that we had on this issue back on Octo-ber 8. We had some great speakers come in, witnesses, that provided testi-mony from all over the country. I will just share with you, Mr. Speaker, some of the things that would be helpful, things that we need to consider. I am going to start in the category of in-creasing the efficiency and the effec-tiveness of forest management that we have, starting with giving an oppor-tunity for State primacy. 
This was an idea that came out from 
a rancher in Washington State. The States tend to have less bureaucracy, they have less of a target on their back by these outside groups that are suing. So the State’s success at increasing ac-tive timber management and a higher level of forest health. But State pri-macy is something that was an idea that came out that needs to, at least, have further consideration. 
Expanding what we call categorical 
exemption from NEPA analysis. That doesn’t mean that we are not looking at the environmental impacts. That couldn’t be further from the truth. For where it makes sense, what we need to do is provide a categorical exemption from a full-blown NEPA analysis, but we need to do that more on a landscape perspective, so a landscape manage-ment. We are talking large scale, 100,000 acres or more, being able to more efficiently, being able to more ef-fectively, manage the forest. 
We have provided some categorical 
exemption opportunities within the farm bill to the Forest Service for reg-ular maintenance activities, where they had to spend a tremendous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.079 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9197 December 9, 2015 
amount of resources just to clear a 
power line or to do trail maintenance, or replant after a forest fire, wildfire. Quite frankly, their sister agencies: the Bureau of Land Management and the Corps of Engineers, they didn’t have to do that. So this is just kind of common sense. 
We need to protect our active man-
agement funds. We can’t be dipping into the funds that we use to manage the forest. That is what happened. That is what I referred to as that large sucking sound. It is not just resources. My forest supervisor, who does a great job, she was detailed. She went out west for a period of time. She wasn’t on our forest doing her job because of the need for her expertise in the west dur-ing one of those wildfires this past year in the west. We need to protect our ac-tive management funds. 
There are some things that came out: 
a recommendation for larger air tank-ers to be able to deal with the size and the scale of the wildfires that are out there. We need to, obviously, reduce this litigation. Out of 311 projects this past year, 16 wound up in the courts. That is a significant number. Quite frankly, it is not necessary. Unfortu-nately, it has become a fundraising scheme for the most part. It is not con-tributing towards forest health. It, ac-tually, is deteriorating our forest health. We have an increase in invasive species. We are burning up our forest at a record level. 
When you burn forest, you ruin that 
water filter, you impact water quality, you impact as a carbon sink. So we need to reduce the litigation and take steps to be able to do that. 
We do need personnel, there is no 
doubt about it. We have 49 percent fewer foresters than just in 2010. It is our professional foresters, the silviculturists, who are out—of know-ing how to mark the timber, of know-ing when to harvest the timber when it is at peak value. That is an asset owned by the American people. We shouldn’t be waiting until that tree blows over, burns down, or is eaten by some type of bug, invasive specie, until we harvest it. We should harvest it really at its peak value. That is dem-onstrating a fiduciary responsibility for the American people with this asset. 
And then certainly we need more col-
laborative work. Again, H.R. 2647 would achieve that. 
So that is more efficient, more effec-
tive forest management. 
Let me look briefly at response. We 
do need to fund this appropriately. I am a supporter of a concept that would look at larger fires, more widespread. I don’t know how we gauge that—by acreage or dollar value lost or dollars needed. Those really are natural disas-ters. They are as every bit a natural disaster as an earthquake, a hurricane, or a tornado. Those larger fires should be dealt with as natural disasters. 
And then other fires on a smaller 
scale, underneath whatever that threshold is set, then let’s do that 
through regular order with the Forest Service budget with what we appro-priate. There is a definite difference. That would be a recommendation. That was something that came out of a dis-cussion. 
And then safe harbor for mutual aid. 
One rancher from Washington talked about a Forest Service where there was a—I don’t know if it was a State or a private individual with a bulldozer—a CAT came up to the Forest Service line. Two situations. One time they asked the Forest Service person, who was working under the direction of 
somebody in the bureaucracy. They welcomed him in, and they saved a tre-mendous spread of that fire. And then another time where the Forest Service 
personnel said: No, we have to fill out the permits first. Well, you have got the wildlife burning, but we have got to fill out the permits, and we have got to do the paperwork. I am not judging that Forest Service employee because they were probably doing whatever they were told to do, and there was more catastrophic loss there. So some type of safe harbor that allows better use of mutual aid. 
I want to yield to a friend of mine be-
cause it kind of speaks to the effi-ciency and the effectiveness on the Equal Access to Justice Act. This is the law that we kind of talked about that really has encouraged radical en-vironmental groups to file lawsuits and stop forest plans from occurring. 
I yield to the gentleman from Geor-
gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) to speak on the topic. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Look, we 
are here, and I am glad to hear what has come out of the Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee. I just wanted to talk about that because you men-tioned the losses in transparency on that open book. It does that. It has been something that has passed through this House. We just passed it again last week. It really just shines the light on this access issue and the Federal government—what we end up paying sometimes for these groups to sue and what our departments are pay-ing out. 
What you are talking about is a 
healthy management of our forests, but it is also a healthy management of our resources. We are setting forth what we need to do as priorities in Con-gress. As someone from northeast Georgia, with a lot of forestry land— Chattahoochee National Forest—this is something we can work together on. We are glad to be a part of that. 
The support that you have done and 
the leadership that you have given is incredible, and we want to continue to thank you for that and be a part of it. That is just part of our transparency issue we have with the Federal Govern-ment, and also these lawsuits that have been coming out, and we can do that together. 
I appreciate the gentleman for yield-
ing. I want to commend him for the work that he is doing and the work of our forestries around the country. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
appreciate the gentleman’s perspective on that. 
The Equal Access to Justice Act was 
a righteous piece of legislation when it was passed. But it was passed to be able to protect those who are kind of landowners, who were the big brother— the National Forest, or the Federal Government, was impinging on your private property rights. 
We all know that most individuals 
don’t have a whole lot of money to be able to defend themselves. Unfortu-nately, the Federal Government has the pockets of every taxpayer. It was never meant to be hijacked by the way it has been. I appreciate the leadership of the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ), who has been a great 
leader, championing kind of just re-turning to the original intent of the Equal Access to Justice Act. I look for-ward to working with the gentleman on that. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Open book 
access is just a great thing, and I ap-preciate it. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
appreciate that. 
Mr. Speaker, I have one last category 
I want to cover here, and that is how we increase the markets, because you have to have a place to sell timber that is harvested. There are a number of things that we can do. 
Just quickly, we need to expand our 
trade. That is why I am so pleased with the Trans-Pacific Partnership. The trade ambassador and his chief nego-tiators actually have eliminated basi-cally all of the tariffs that really hin-dered our ability to export whether it was raw timber or boards or pellets. It was just very difficult in the past. This trade proposal, members of the sub-committee and members of the full Ag-riculture Committee worked very closely with the trade ambassador to make sure that that was one of our pri-orities that was achieved, and it looks like it has been achieved. I think that is going to increase markets. We need to do that with all of our trade agree-ments. 
We need to expand the use of timber 
products within the green building standards, LEED standards. It is an original renewable, but it was excluded from those. It makes no sense whatso-ever. 
We need to develop the lamination 
technology that has taken timber, and being able to use that really for sky-scraper type construction very success-fully. The research is done by our U.S. Forest Services, as well as our land grant universities, such as my alma mater of Penn State. There is great re-search being done, actually supported through the farm bill in terms of forest services, forest products. 
We need to encourage and develop 
the woody biomass of biofuels, taking that timber, that fiber, to use it for chemicals, to use it for fuel. 
We need to prevent the loss of mar-
ket infrastructure that results in no 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.080 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9198 December 9, 2015 
beds or low beds for timber sales. In 
some parts of our country, our saw-mills have been decimated. As small businesses, we need to help people with small businesses keep that foothold that we have and regain it. 
Those are just a few of the things— 
all not my ideas. Those all came out of our hearing with the October 8 sub-committee that we had on wildfires. 
I very much appreciate the bipar-
tisan participation tonight by my col-leagues on this very important issue. I think we have done some really good things with the farm bill to help our forest products industry. Again, this truly is about the health of the forest. It is about revenue for the country, but it is about the prosperity of rural America. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the oppor-
tunity to have this Special Order. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
SONGWRITER EQUITY ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
KELLY of Mississippi). Under the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) for 
30 minutes. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, it is good to be back on the floor of the House. I am thrilled tonight to be surrounded with my friends and col-leagues, and to be part on championing a call that is close to my heart, and should be for every Member of Con-gress. Because we are dealing with songs and songwriters and the special place that they have in American life, and really in the world. 
The amazing thing is how the songs 
that come from the hearts of many from Nashville, where I have friends to-night, Rob and Lance and Lee Thomas, and the rest, they are watching others across the country are songwriters, who are very interested in what goes on here. Because, amazingly enough, here in Washington, DC, as the tenta-cles spread out, you come to find out that, even in songwriting, Washington has its grip on it. 
b1930 
I just want to point out for those who 
may be watching—now, this is a quote. This doesn’t come from me. It comes from Kevin Kadish. You may know Kevin. If you like to listen to a little bit of music, he happened to have a lit-tle, small hit with Meghan Trainor, ‘‘All About That Base,’’ and Miley Cyrus’ ‘‘Two More Lonely People.’’ He made a comment. He said that no one is trying to put Pandora or Spotify out of business. We just want a fair market value for our blood, sweat, and tears. 
This is something that, for me, is 
very special because, over the next 30 minutes, you are going to hear about a million and a half songwriters, pub-lishers, and composers across the Na-tion and how the current music licens-ing regime is causing them to be paid well below market value. Now, as a conservative, one thing I 
believe is that the government has a role—it has a limited constitutional role—especially when it comes to the ultimate of the small businesses: the entrepreneurs. Those are some of our songwriters and composers. The Fed-eral Government should not have its thumb on the scale, and that is what we are seeing tonight. So you are going to hear about that as we go along. The government’s heavy hand in this indus-try needs to go. 
We have got another issue here of the 
Songwriter Equity Act. We have got some folks I want to have talk tonight; but I want to introduce this, and they are all cosponsors of this act. It is H.R. 1283. 
When I start talking about this to-
night, for those watching, there are three ways songwriters get paid. I am going to make it very simple. There are three ways they get paid: Two of which the government has its thumb on and—guess what?—one of which they don’t. Does anybody want to take a guess? Raise your hand. Not my col-leagues, you know this. Will anyone raise his hand really quickly? Which way is the fairest way? It is when they are able to negotiate on their own. That is the sync license. 
So, with the Songwriter Equity Act, 
it removes the antiquated evidentiary standard; it adopts a fair rate standard for reproduction, or mechanical li-censes. Why? To ensure that song-writers, composers, and publishers are appropriately compensated for the use of their intellectual property. 
Before I get ready to turn it over to 
some of my friends who are here with me tonight and who are part of cospon-soring this, the issue before us is: We all can point back to that time. It is a song on the radio. This is the time of year, this holiday season. Or it may be a long drive in the summer. Or it may be sitting outside, but there is that song and that special someone. That song comes on, and you hear it, and the performer is performing it wonderfully. It may have been the performer, or it may have been something else. But a lot of times, there is someone who is sitting in a room or is sitting some-where, and what comes out of their hand and onto a piece of paper has come out of their heart and their mind and their mouth. It has affected our hearts and our minds, and it has af-fected us even to this day. 
You can think about those songs. 
That is what makes songwriters spe-cial. That is what makes this cause something that we need to fight for. 
You have heard them on the radio. 
Our radio stations have played these songs. For a State trooper’s kid, who grew up in northeast Georgia, to listen to the radio, that was my escape. Be-tween that and books, I traveled the world and always longed to see it, and those songwriters took me there. This is why we are fighting today. It is be-cause we believe that what these art-ists have is intellectual property. What comes out of the their minds, what 
comes out and is expressed on paper and is then translated many times through artists’ singing across the world, is worth protecting. It is intel-lectual property. It is as much intellec-tual property as is this property of my phone in my hand, and we have got to understand that. 
Tonight, I have some friends with 
me. We will have a lot of time to talk about this. I want to start off up north a little bit. My friend from North Da-kota, K
EVIN CRAMER , is here. We have 
talked about this issue, and I am glad he has joined me here tonight. 
One of the things that we talked 
about, Kevin, as you came on the floor, you said, You know, it is just about fairness. I think that is a great way to put it. It is just about fairness. So I am happy to yield to the gentleman to talk about this. 
Mr. CRAMER. I thank the gen-
tleman, my friend from Georgia, and others who have carried the ball on this issue for some time. 
A special thanks to our friend from 
Tennessee, M
ARSHA BLACKBURN . I serve 
on the same committee with her, and I have learned a great deal about this and other things from Representative B
LACKBURN . 
Mr. Speaker, I was reminded of a 
quote by the songwriting and song per-forming phenom Taylor Swift, who said: I think songwriting is the ulti-mate form of being able to make any-thing that happens in your life produc-tive. 
Certainly, with whatever happens in 
your life, whether it is sad or glorious or joyful or heavy, you can write a song. It could be productive, but that doesn’t mean it is profitable. If some-thing is not profitable, the produc-tivity of it will certainly wane over time, and we will be robbed of that very important piece of the music value chain: Where the product begins, which is in the heart and mind of the songwriter. 
One of the things I love so much 
about this job—and I am happy to admit it to my friends in the Chamber tonight—is all of the things that you are forced to learn that you never thought were important before you learned about them. It is kind of amaz-ing. Here we are, 435 colleagues, rep-resenting, roughly, 700,000 people. In my case, I represent the entire State of North Dakota. We think about things like agriculture and coal and oil. We think about things like highway bills, but we don’t necessarily think a lot about songwriting. We think a lot about markets. We think a lot about fairness. We think a lot about regula-tion. 
I was a regulator for nearly 10 years 
before becoming a Member of Congress. I regulated monopoly industries, and I was a rate regulator. When I was a rate regulator, setting the rates for elec-tricity rates or natural gas, I had a lot of tools at my disposal, not the least of which was all of the evidence that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.081 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9199 December 9, 2015 
record could be filled with. In some 
cases, it was piles of evidence and lots of testimony. Everything was on the record. It is how you make good deci-sions. In the case where regulation was required and free markets weren’t as free as they would be in other products, you tried to apply as a regulator the evidence to a circumstance that best reflected the market. 
Tonight, we are talking about some-
thing—and I appreciate Representative C
OLLINS ’ illustration of the govern-
ment’s thumb on the scale—where there has been a gross inequity, a gross injustice. It is where technology has certainly flourished, where innovation has flourished to the point at which op-portunity to distribute and to enjoy 
music is unlike at any other time; but the songwriters have been left out of the innovation piece of it. They have been really biased against them. 
As I have studied this issue as it has 
been brought to my attention, I have looked at it, and I have thought, This just isn’t fair. This just isn’t fair. Frankly, the ultimate conclusion of this kind of antiquated regulatory pol-icy would lead to a very important loss because people wouldn’t be able to do this, not unless you think that Georgia and Tennessee are the only places there are songwriters. I was surprised to find out there were several hundred of them in my little State of North Da-kota. It is amazing. 
One thing that all of us can agree on 
is that small business is the heart of our economy and that there is no smaller business than the single genius that writes music, right? That is the smallest of small businesses. We ought to get the government, to the degree we can, out of the way; but to the de-gree it requires regulation—and we un-derstand it does require regulation as we are talking about copyright and as we are talking about broadcasting and as we are talking about things that are under the legitimate jurisdiction of the Federal Government’s—we ought to at least be fair in how we do it, and we ought to be modern in how we carry it out. 
In addition to my friends, Represent-
ative C
OLLINS , Representative B LACK -
BURN , and others who have taught me 
so much about this important issue, I also want to thank a new friend who approached me at a concert that I at-tended just because I love him so much and love his music. I have loved it for decades. This is, I think, an important lesson of advocacy and an importance lesson of stick-to-itiveness. I had the opportunity to meet B.J. Thomas, who was a hero of mine while I was growing up. Do you know what he did with the time that we had together? He advo-cated not on his own behalf but on be-half of his friends, who provided the fuel for his success. He did so with a heavy heart based on the fact that his friends weren’t treated as fairly and as equitably as he has been as a per-former. 
It touched me deeply that this man, 
who had nothing, really, to gain by this advocacy, except, I suppose, the affec-
tion of his friends, cared enough to tell this lone Congressman from the little State of North Dakota about this real-ly important issue. I am grateful he brought to it my attention. 
I am grateful for your leadership on 
it, and I am grateful to be here tonight to help shed some light on it and, hope-fully, move the ball forward a little bit further. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Represent-
ative C
RAMER , that is such a great 
story. 
For those of us with many problems 
and dysfunction—you hear that up here all the time—to actually understand that we still believe this is the greatest country in the world and that Wash-ington, D.C., and this Capitol, still rep-resent a shining beacon that goes throughout the world and stands for freedom, hope, and opportunity, the story that you just told about B.J. Thomas, an artist who has profited off of songwriting, and his taking time to talk to his Representative, that is what makes this country great. 
That is exactly what we are talking 
about here, letting things be known that we may not have known and see-ing them in amazing places. 
You talked about your never know-
ing that your State of North Dakota is where you might meet a songwriter. As my friends are down here tonight, I just want to share one thing that came to my attention right as we were walk-ing on the floor. You never know where songwriting comes from. Tonight, we have a special honor because, just out-side these doors, protecting us here on Capitol Hill, is one of our aspiring songwriters—Capitol Hill Police Officer Kevin Reumont. I hope I pronounced that right. He is protecting Congress, and he also writes the soundtrack of our lives. Can you imagine a better way to think about that even in this building? 
Mr. CRAMER. I just have to say, 
since you brought it up, there is noth-ing that makes me much more emo-tional than a really good song; but the men and women who protect us in this Chamber make me as emotional as anything. I am grateful. It is a great 
story. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Thank you 
tonight for being a part of it. 
It moves along. We mentioned the 
great State of Tennessee, with Mrs. B
LACKBURN and others who have been a 
part of this; but my friend just across the border in Chattanooga, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , is here tonight, and he 
has a lot to share about Tennessee and Georgia and all across the country. 
We are just glad to have you here to-
night to be a part of promoting as just was said, the ultimate entrepreneur, the person who is there, writing the song, the small business. So I am happy to yield to the gentleman from Tennessee to talk about that. 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. I thank my col-
league, Mr. C
OLLINS from the great 
State of Georgia—our sister State right to the south of us. Mr. Speaker, I represent the great 
State of Tennessee, as the gentleman alluded to—the great city of Chat-tanooga and the ‘‘Chattanooga Choo Choo,’’ a great song. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. There we 
go. 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. I came to Con-
gress, and some very creative people came to see me. We get a lot of visits up here in Congress. Folks from all over the country come to see us. I got a knock at the door one day, and there were some songwriters. They were very talented men and women. What do they do? They write and perform songs. I was just so impressed. These are cre-ative entrepreneurs, and some of the stories are outstanding. 
One gentleman came to see me, and 
he said: One day years ago, a long time ago, I wrote a song and went in and saw the great Johnny Cash. He liked my song, and he played my song. It went well, and that was his claim to fame. 
Another gentleman came in, and he 
mentioned a song. He said: I wrote that and played it for a fellow by the name of Frank Sinatra. 
Now, I remember those two great 
performers, but these were the folks who wrote the songs. This songwriter actually got to go and hear that re-corded. Sinatra invited him, and it be-came a classic. 
I was surprised to learn, as my col-
league from Georgia alluded to, of the Songwriter Equity Act, but there is some fundamental unfairness involved in the process, and I wanted to talk about that. 
Before I came to this great House, I 
practiced law for about 24 years in the city of Chattanooga. I loved practicing law, but when I was not practicing law, every once in a while, the judge wanted to go fishing, and he would let me pre-side as special judge. I really liked pre-siding over cases. As a matter of fact, I probably presided over several hun-dred cases over my legal career. I still keep a law license. But, as a judge, what did I hear? I heard evidence many times, and I want to refer to something that is very important in this whole debate. 
Right now, the way that the rates are 
set—and I want everyone who is watch-ing this to understand this—fundamen-
tally, the evidence cannot be consid-ered by the judge in setting the rates for these performers. 
What I mean by that specifically is 
that these judges are not allowed by Federal law to consider sound record-ing royalty rates as relevant bench-marks when setting performance roy-alty rates for songwriters and com-posers. It is analogous to a judge who is hearing a case and saying: Well, I am not going to let you decide this, and that is not a good thing. These men and women come up every year. They play their songs, and they work very hard, and they want their share of the American Dream. 
Nashville is a great city. It is our 
capital city in the great State of Ten-nessee, and I love all of our State. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.083 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9200 December 9, 2015 
represent the Third District in east 
Tennessee: Chattanooga and Oak Ridge. Yet, when I travel to Nashville and when I see these men and women coming there, and there are literally hundreds of thousands of songwriters, what do they want? They want that one special song, or hopefully more, to click, for somebody to perform that. 
b1945 
And when they do, they ought to be 
rewarded. We ought to be incentivizing this because these are creative people, these are entrepreneurs. 
So it is my privilege to join the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Georgia who has this Songwriter Equity Act with, I believe, all of my colleagues from Tennessee. I want the American people to take a look at this. 
I urge Congress to take a look at 
this. This shouldn’t be an issue about Republican or Democrat. This is an issue about giving these songwriters a fair shake. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, Representative F
LEISCHMANN just 
made a great point. I don’t hear a song that comes out on a platform—and I think that one of the things we forget here is that this is not a discussion of how we get music, per se, and how innovators have decided that—you know, through wonderful things—Pan-dora Spotify, Apple Music, traditional radio, and the Internet—there are so many platforms, and those are wonder-ful. What we don’t want to forget is the 
very system that has allowed them to begin is something that is taking away from the heart of the very songwriter issue. 
One of the reasons that we were talk-
ing about this is that music is the most regulated sector. Seventy-five percent of a songwriter’s income is regulated, some of which go back, the mechanical right, to 1909. They are still governed by player pianos. That is something that has got to change, and I think this is where we are at. 
What Representative F
LEISCHMANN  
brings is such a wonderful experience in what he has heard, and I appreciate him being a part of this. This high-lights, again, that specialness. 
Whatever song may come out on a 
platform, I don’t hear it come out say-ing it is Republican, Democrat, Inde-pendent, Libertarian, or whatever. It just comes out as a song that comes from the heart and mind of someone that touches the soul of others, and I think that is a wonderful thing to be a part of. 
Sometimes you make friends and you 
come together, and the great State of Georgia and the Big Apple come to-gether. I was just recently there. It is amazing how you find commonality in music and how you find commonality in songs and songwriters. 
I am just very honored to have as my 
lead sponsor on the Songwriter Equity Act Representative H
AKEEM JEFFRIES  
from New York. We share some back-ground, but we also share a love of music. H
AKEEM , I think—as we talk about 
this, there is a passion that shows this is not a regional issue and it is not a genre issue. It is a fairness issue. I think that is something we can come around and reach across the aisle and say let’s look and work at how we best can do this. 
Mr. Speaker, I am so glad to have 
Representative J
EFFRIES as a part of 
this. He is a wonderful spokesman to be a part of fairness and what he does for his district, especially with the song-writing community in New York, with Atlanta, with LA, with Nashville, and all over. This has been something that has brought us all together. 
I yield to the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ). 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my good friend, the distinguished gen-tleman from Georgia, for convening us here today on this incredibly impor-tant issue on the House floor and, of course, for his extraordinary leadership on behalf of the songwriters in Amer-ica. 
Over the years, I have gotten to know 
some very good country lawyers. I have also gotten to know some very good country preachers. My good friend from Georgia is the best of both worlds. We appreciate the tremendous skill set that he has brought to bear here in the United States Congress. We are mem-bers, of course, of the class of 2012. It has been wonderful to work closely with you in your capacity as the lead sponsor of this very important piece of legislation. 
Article I, section 8, clause 8, of the 
United States Constitution gives Con-gress, both the House and the Senate, the power to create a robust intellec-tual property system, in the words of our Founders, in order ‘‘to promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discov-eries.’’ 
The Founders of this great country 
understood that it was important to create a robust intellectual property system in order to allow creators and innovators to be able to benefit from the fruits of their labor. 
Songwriters, of course, are at the 
heart of the music ecosystem, a music ecosystem that produces a variety of different forms of music. 
We know that there is country. There 
is pop. There is rock and roll. There is blues. There is bluegrass. There is jazz. There is Motown. There is hip-hop. There is R&B, which we tend to be par-tial to in the Eighth Congressional Dis-trict. 
What all of them have in common is 
that someone had to create this music. At the heart of that creation, at the heart of the ecosystem, of course, is the songwriter. 
Now, if the songwriter were to dis-
appear or to be diminished in number, then the whole system of music cre-ation collapses. In many ways, that is what the Songwriter Equity Act is all about because of the inherent funda-
mental unfairness in the current sys-tem by which songwriters are com-pensated. 
Congressman C
OLLINS and I have 
been able to work closely with a vari-ety of different stakeholders from throughout the Nation. Certainly, Nashville, Atlanta, and New York have wonderful songwriting communities. 
The chairman of ASCAP, Paul Wil-
liams, who has been a tremendous ad-vocate, often has said before the Judi-ciary Committee and in other contexts that songwriters may be the most heavily regulated small-business peo-ple in America. 
Unfortunately, that heavy regula-
tion, as is often the case, is not bene-fiting them. In fact, in many ways, it is suffocating the songwriting commu-nity. It is not working to their benefit. It is not consistent with the DNA of our Constitution as it relates to intel-lectual property, which is to enable creators to benefit from the fruits of their labor. 
That is why the Songwriter Equity 
Act is such an important piece of legis-lation in order to allow those song-writers, who are spread out in all 435 congressional districts in every great State in the Union, to be able to par-ticipate fairly in the music ecosystem that is so central to the genres that we all know and love throughout our land. 
Music, of course, is universal in na-
ture. It crosses all boundaries of race and religion, socioeconomics, region, cultural boundaries in this incredibly diverse Nation of more than 320 million people. That is why it has been so won-derful to participate in this journey as it relates to trying to do the right thing for the songwriters in this coun-try. 
As has been pointed out by my col-
league from Georgia and the other par-ticipants here, there are really two fundamental things that the Song-writer Equity Act attempts to correct. 
First, it is important to make sure 
that the rate courts, who often decide the compensation for songwriters in certain contexts, have an opportunity to consider all of the evidence so that they can arrive at an informed decision as to what makes the most sense. 
It is just illogical to believe that a 
rate court that is walled off from cer-tain forms of evidence, such as the compensation received by recording artists, can arrive at a fair and equi-table decision. 
In fact, what we have seen is that, 
over time, because this wall has ex-isted, the compensation for recording artists has increased significantly. The compensation for songwriters has re-mained at an artificially low level. That is one of the things that we are trying to correct. Let all of the evi-dence be considered by the courts that are determining these rates. 
Lastly, the Songwriter Equity Act is 
designed to bring some notion of mar-ket fairness to the compensation of songwriters who create the music that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.084 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9201 December 9, 2015 
we love. Right now, we have got artifi-
cially imposed regulatory rates on these songwriters in a manner that is not fair, that is not just, not consistent with a market-based approach that has made the United States so prosperous for so many other folks. 
That is why songwriters rightfully 
can say that this overregulation is not working for us. We would just like to be able to get the fair market value of our creations. That is what the Song-writer Equity Act is designed to do. 
So I am looking forward to working 
closely with my good friend from Geor-gia. He has been a tremendous leader in this regard. I am hopeful that we will be able to soon advance this legislation before the Judiciary Committee. 
It has tremendous bipartisan support 
from Republicans and Democrats, Pro-gressives and Conservatives. Let’s ad-vance this legislation out of Judiciary and onto the House floor and eventu-ally get it to a place where it can be signed into law by the President. 
Thank you for your extraordinary 
leadership. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank Mr. J
EFFRIES . I think one 
thing you and I both would point out in this is this is not one against another. 
It is not playing off. It is just being fair for all involved. 
You have artists who enjoy a very 
good living based on songs that were written by others. In this process and this ecosystem, we are not minding the platform. We are just saying to be fair in the use of it. 
We want to see every opportunity for 
every songwriter to be a part, but also be equally compensated, fairly com-pensated, not more, not less, just fairly compensated. 
I think that is the one thing I want 
to make sure that our songwriters and composers out there understand, that they are all in this together. They have advocated and continue to advocate, but know that we all come together. We are the beneficiaries of their ge-nius. I think that is the thing. I appre-ciate you so much. 
Tonight, as we are coming sort of to 
an end, many people have asked me: D
OUG, how did you get involved in this? 
How did a kid from north Georgia get involved with songwriters? 
Well, the amazing thing is Georgia 
has almost 50,000 songwriters reg-istered with many—BMI is one of the groups that is registered. ASCAP’s Paul Williams is a dear friend. 
Of course, he has a real connection to 
Georgia, for all the folks who are watching, Smokey and the Bandit. Paul has connections to so many things in songwriting. This is a multi-million-dollar business, and these are all small entrepreneurs. 
I wanted to highlight that, for me, it 
came personal. It comes from listening to my mother-in-law and her husband as they sing and they just go back to the old Shape note singing books of the churches in northeast Georgia. 
It goes to when my beautiful bride, 
Lisa, and I first started dating. One of the first things we did was went to a 
hootenanny, and this is where every-body just brought music. They brought their instruments, they brought every-thing, and they just began to sing. It came from the heart. 
In my office, I keep a file full—and I 
actually have some framed—of just words put to paper. Songs are simply expressions of the heart that are yield-ed from the mind through the heart that come out of the mouth that touch the souls of others. 
Then there is my dad and my mom. 
My dad went to school with a young man who went on to become known as Whispering Bill Anderson. He started his songwriting in my district, the Ninth District, living in Commerce, Georgia, at the time, at WWJC. The radio station is still there. 
My understanding of the story from 
Bill was he was on top of the building and he wrote this song, ‘‘City Lights,’’ which was performed by Ray Price. He has transcended the decades because one of his last songs was ‘‘Whiskey Lullaby’’ that was performed by Brad Paisley and Alison Krauss. 
You see, this is about stories. Neo is 
one of our Georgia folks. Streaming companies are making a lot of money off of an outdated system in which they are able to pay songwriters less than the fair market value for the right to use their work. This is Neo. 
It is time for Congress to stand with 
songwriters, #standwithsongwriters. I know there are many out there watch-ing, on Twitter, Facebook. There are a lot of places where we can get this mes-sage out. This is simply about fairness. 
As I come to a close tonight, I am re-
minded even today of when I was in Iraq just a few years ago. There were songs that I would hear as I was driv-ing around and I was meeting with some servicemembers out on the gate post. We would talk about a lot of things: family, love, life, problems. 
It would always come around and 
something would be on the radio and a song would come across. To this day, if a certain song is played—it could be ‘‘Chicken Fried’’ by the Zac Brown Band—I can still believe that I am still in Iraq. I still go back to those times and I see those young men and young women who are protecting us and are protecting us all over the world. 
You see, that is what the songwriter 
does. The songwriter takes the mo-ment, crystallizes it, forms it, just as they would any product that they make that comes out of their mind, flowing straight from the heart, out of the mouth, onto a pad, through their hand, and touches lives around the world. 
It is time for Congress to look. It is 
time for Congress to understand that this is about small business and small entrepreneurs. It is time for Congress to stand with songwriters. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. b2000 
TERROR WATCH LIST ISSUES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I al-
ways appreciate my friend from Geor-gia’s thoughts and observations. 
Mr. Speaker, it is really intriguing 
that our friends across the aisle have been joining with the President in de-manding that we in Congress give this administration, with its abuses and unaccountability of the IRS, using it as a political weapon to help win an election, that used the ATF to sell weapons, 2,000 or so, to get them in the hands of criminals, and then tried to use that violence that came from the weapons they forced into the hands of people that shouldn’t have had them as a reason to try to take away Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Americans. 
This administration is one of the 
most arbitrary and capricious adminis-trations in history. Executive orders have been used for things that, from the top to the bottom of this adminis-tration, they have said they could not use executive orders for, including forms of amnesty. I think, over 20 times, the President himself said he did not have authority to just grant amnesty, and yet he turned around and did it anyway. 
This administration, with that kind 
of history over the last 7 years, of being so arbitrary and in some cases being very intentional in going after enemies, far beyond anything Nixon might have ever dreamed he might be able to do, the thought of giving this administration the power to just make a list of all the people that you don’t want to ever fly or have a gun, just make a list, we don’t know exactly how you are making this list. There is no due process in creating the no-fly list. There is no due process in getting one-self off the no-fly list once the name is on the no-fly list. 
Katie Pavlich with townhall.com, 
talking of the President’s speech, said: 
‘‘President Obama called on Congress 
to pass legislation stripping anyone, including American citizens, on the terrorism no-fly list of the ability to purchase a firearm in the United States. Sounds pretty reasonable, right? Nobody wants terrorists to have easy access to guns, and it certainly sounds bad when the argument is made that those currently on the terror watch list have the ability to do so. But here’s the problem: The terror no- fly list is a mangled, bureaucratic mess of over 700,000 names. Yes, there are names on the list that are connected to terrorism, but nearly half of those names belong to people who have zero links’’ to terrorism. 
Further down she said: ‘‘That list, which contained 47,000 
names at the end of George W. Bush’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.086 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9202 December 9, 2015 
presidency, has grown to nearly 700,000 
people on President Obama’s watch. The fact that they are names, not iden-tities, has led to misidentifications and confusion, ensnaring many innocent people. But surely those names are there for good reason, right? 
‘‘Not really. According to the tech-
nology website TechDirt.com, 40 per-cent of those on the FBI’s watch list— 280,000 people—are considered to have no affiliation with recognized terrorist groups. All it takes is for the govern-ment to declare it has ‘reasonable sus-picion’ that someone could be a ter-rorist. There is no hard evidence re-quired, and the standard is notoriously vague and elastic. 
‘‘So who ends up on the list who 
shouldn’t and why? Take for example Weekly Standard Senior Writer and Fox News Contributor Steve Hayes, who was put on the no-fly list after a cruise. 
‘‘Stephen Hayes, a senior writer at 
The Weekly Standard . . . was in-formed Tuesday that he had been placed on the Department of Homeland Security’s Terrorist Watchlist. 
‘‘Hayes, who spoke to POLITICO by 
phone on Tuesday, suspects that the decision stems from U.S. concerns over Syria. Hayes and his wife recently booked a one-way trip to Istanbul for a cruise, and returned to the U.S., a few weeks later, via Athens.’’ 
But the trouble is, nobody can say for 
sure why they are on the list, why they are not on the list, why they should not be on the list, the article says, but travel to certain regions isn’t the only way you can get put on the list without due process. 
‘‘The Intercept published a 166-page 
document outlining the government’s guidelines for placing people on an ex-pansive network of terror watch lists.’’ 
I just can’t help but say, Mr. Speak-
er, it is hard to fathom that, once the wonderful American people think about what the President is proposing, they are going to realize you can’t trust this administration with your health care, you can’t trust this ad-ministration to keep their promises that if you like your health insurance policy you can keep it, because those promises from this administration weren’t true. The promise: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor wasn’t true. It turns out people in the administration knew all along that it wasn’t true, yet they promised people those things anyway. 
So there are issues of trust. We 
know, even when we are not talking about issues of intentional misrepre-
sentation but just mismanagement and terrible policies, look at the rules of engagement of our military. Under President Bush, there were just over 500 precious American lives that were lost in the war in Afghanistan over 7
1⁄4 
years’ time. Though the war had wound down, we were told by the President, basically, one, things were contained in Afghanistan. 
Nonetheless, during this wound-down 
war of the last less than 7 years, this President’s rules of engagement have 
contributed, not intentionally, but the mismanagement has helped create an environment for our military members, men and women, where we have lost three to four times more lives under Commander Obama than were lost under Commander Bush, and more time that Commander Bush was over the op-eration. 
This is not the administration you 
want to trust to say: You just make out a list, even though the standards are vague; we don’t know how some-body gets on; it is kind of up to you, judgment call on your part; and there is not a clear way to get off. 
I read an article where somebody had 
been trying for 8 years to get off of that list. Nonetheless, you just go ahead, Obama administration, bureau-crats in cubicles, people like Lois Lerner that hate conservatives, you just make out your list of people you don’t want to ever be able to defend themselves or their homes or their loved ones with a weapon. You make out the list, and we will keep them from flying, and we won’t let them have a gun. 
That would be a disaster, because 
when most Americans realized what the President was asking for, just carte blanche to put anybody he wanted to on the list and they could never get a gun, the American people are fair. The majority pull for an underdog, and they are not going to pull for an overly abusive, bureaucratic, Kafkaesque ad-ministration to take out its revenge on someone it doesn’t like and prevent them from being able to defend them-selves and their loved ones. 
Of course, The New York Times, 
never an organization to let hypocrisy get in the way of being hypocritical, this article from Breitbart by AWR Hawkins points out: 
‘‘On April 18, 2014, The New York 
Times published a scathing editorial on the no-fly list, describing it as ‘a viola-
tion of basic rights,’ and a list unsuit-able for a ‘democratic society premised on due process.’ 
‘‘Moreover, The New York Times ad-
dressed the imprecision of the list by explaining that a 2007 audit showed that half the names on the list ‘were wrongly included.’ Adding insult to in-jury, there were ‘71,000 names’ on the list in 2007, which means 35,500 people were facing a denial of their constitu-tional rights for being on a list due to oversight or some similar mistake.’’ 
That seems to be pretty clear. The 
New York Times got it right in 2014, got it wrong now. But it is interesting. I reflect on what my friend, former Member of Congress Barney Frank told me one day when we were on the same side of an issue. He shrugged and said: Well, even a broken clock is right twice a day. I know my friend Barney Frank could prove that. 
There was an article entitled, ‘‘FBI 
Investigates If Terror Group Arranged California Killers’ Marriage.’’ It is by Marisa Schultz and Yaron Steinbuch, 
dated December 9, 2015. It pointed out: ‘‘The FBI is investigating whether 
the online courtship of the future San Bernardino mass murderers was a match made in hell by a terror group— to set in motion the radicalized duo’s evil plan, Director James Comey said on Wednesday. 
‘‘Comey told a Senate Judiciary 
Committee that investigators do not yet know if a group like ISIS hatched the love-and-hate match between jihadists Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik.’’ 
Further down it says: 
‘‘The top G-man also said that 
Farook, 28, and Malik, 29, were radicalized at least 2 years ago and planned their evil martyrdom scheme long before they were engaged and be-fore she applied for her visa. 
‘‘The couple—who lived in a two-bed-
room townhouse with their 6-month- old daughter and Farook’s mother— killed 14 people and wounded 21 during a holiday party December 2 at the In-land Regional Center in San Bernardino. They were killed about 4 hours later in a shootout with police . . . ‘Our investigation to date shows that they were radicalized before they started courting or dating each other online, and as early as the end of 2013, were talking to each other about jihad and martyrdom before they became en-gaged and married and were living in the U.S.’. . . A U.S. Government source familiar with the shooting probe said Farook may have been plotting an at-tack in the U.S. as early as 2011.’’ 
That is hard to believe, Mr. Speaker, 
because this administration was doing all these things, reaching out, not help-ing Christians who were being per-secuted in greater numbers than ever in the history of the world. No, not reaching out to specifically help Chris-tians and Jews, who were the primary targets of these radical Islamists, these people who perpetrate hate crimes that this administration won’t even call hate crimes. This is the administration that, every time it seems that they reach out overseas or even, for heav-en’s sake, with our NASA space pro-gram, the President is directing that we have got to protect Muslims above all other things. 
b2015 
This is the same administration who 
appointed an Attorney General who, after this mass murder spree in San Bernardino, came out—while others like local police and other good, clear- thinking people are saying, ‘‘If you see something, say something,’’ after knowing that neighbors saw suspicious activity by what they knew to be Mus-lims, apparently, in the garage, but they were afraid of saying something because it was politically incorrect, and now, Mr. Speaker, it has been made clear by the Attorney General that, if you are a neighbor in a position like those of Farook and Malik and you see something you think is suspicious that someone with an Islamic back-ground is doing and you call that in, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.087 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9203 December 9, 2015 
our Attorney General just may, accord-
ing to what she said, decide not to go after the Islamist terrorists, but to come after you for being a bigot and for showing bias or prejudice. 
I can’t imagine a more ridiculous 
thing to say after radical jihadists kill Christians and Jews. Yes, apparently, there was at least one Muslim shot, but the killing occurred because of the hate for Christians and Jews and the desire to create terror in the hearts of infidels. So no Muslims were actually targeted by these radical Islamists. They were collateral damage. They should never have been shot. 
Anybody that had anything to do 
with the shooting of a Muslim, Chris-tian, Jew, atheist, Buddhist, or any-thing else, should be brought not just to justice. But when it is an act of war like this, they ought to be taken out. 
The Attorney General, on the other 
hand, in the immediate aftermath of this bloody massacre—tragic—at a Christmas party—threatens American citizens that, if you become—in effect, what she is saying—not the words, but, in effect, she is saying, if you become suspicious of people who are acting in the same way that you have seen on television or in the news, acting as rad-ical Islamists, and you report that, we will come after you because you are showing bigotry and prejudice. 
So, on the one hand, if you see some-
thing, say something, but if it is about a Muslim, then there is a good chance we will come after you, not the Islamists. 
There is a report from CNN’s Zachary 
Cohen: ‘‘Amnesty report: ISIS armed with U.S. weapons.’’ This is dated today. 
‘‘A new report from a prominent 
human rights group has found that ISIS has built a substantial arsenal, in-cluding U.S.-made weapons obtained from the Iraqi army and Syrian opposi-tion groups. 
‘‘Amnesty International’s 44-page re-
port, released late Monday, found that much of ISIS’ equipment and muni-tions comes from stockpiles captured from the U.S.-allied Iraqi military and Syrian rebels.’’ 
Further down: ‘‘After analyzing thousands of videos 
and images taken in Iraq and Syria, Amnesty determined that a large pro-portion of ISIS’ current military arse-nal is made up of ‘weapons and equip-ment looted, captured or illicitly trad-ed from poorly secured Iraqi military stocks.’’’ 
We saw over and over, Mr. Speaker, 
that this administration had this ridic-ulous idea—way too late after there were vetted moderate Syrian rebels that we could have helped—to get in-volved. 
Over and over they sent heavy equip-
ment, heavy weapons, to these so- called vetted moderate Syrian rebels who said they feel a lot closer to those members of ISIS than they do the United States. And, lo and behold, those heavy weapons that are being used to kill the courageous Kurds that 
are fighting them are United States military weapons. 
To this administration’s credit—I 
have got to give it to them—there was a period of about 4 or 5 months where, because the weapons they kept sending to the Syrians kept ending up in ISIS’ hands, they decided to hold up shipping them more weapons because we just were equipping ISIS. But for some ri-diculous, unknown reason—it has to be ridiculous—this administration began sending weapons back again. As far as I know, they are still doing so. 
I also think it is important to note 
that this administration has pointed to George W. Bush originally saying that this was not Islamic, and this adminis-tration has blamed the Bush adminis-tration—normally, it is quite un-fairly—for every problem that has aris-en. 
In fact, I believe it was in Iowa where 
someone told me that they understood that the President wanted to have the San Andreas Fault renamed for Presi-dent George W. Bush so that it would be known as Bush’s fault. 
That is what this administration has 
done. Yet, they try to blame him for them saying that ISIS—which wasn’t around when President Bush was Presi-dent. It was only created when this President created a vacuum in the Mid-dle East—that these people who claim to be Islamic are not Islamic. 
I keep going back to the fact that 
one of the most internationally recog-nized experts on Islam, Islamic law, Is-lamic studies, and on the Koran, got his degrees, including a Ph.D., I read, from the University of Baghdad in Is-lamic studies. His name is al-Baghdadi. He is the head of ISIS. As head of ISIS, he claims that ISIS is indeed Islam. 
The President doesn’t have any de-
grees in Islamic studies, although he did apparently study Islam quite clear-ly as a young child in Indonesia. None-theless, I think al-Baghdadi’s creden-tials on what is Islam and what is not are superior to those of anybody in the White House. 
Caroline Glick, a writer for the Jeru-
salem Post, makes a great point in one of her articles from November 24, 2015. She says: 
‘‘An attempt is being made to assert 
that there is no pluralism in Islam. It is either entirely good or entirely evil.’’ 
She is making a great point about 
pluralism because, as she says, ‘‘This absolutist position is counter-productive for two reasons. First, it gets you nowhere good in the war against radical Islam. The fact is that Islam, per se, is none of the United States President’s business. His busi-ness is to defeat those who attack the U.S. and to stand with America’s allies against their common foes. 
‘‘Radical Islam may be a small com-
ponent of Islam or a large one, but it certainly is a component of Islam. Its adherents believe they are good Mus-lims and they base their actions on their Islamic beliefs. ‘‘American politicians, warfighters, 
and policymakers need to identify that form of Islam, study it, and base their strategies for fighting the radical Is-lamic forces on its teachings.’’ 
That is why my friends like Muslims 
Massoud and Dostam and others who fought and initially defeated the Taliban within about 5 months in Af-ghanistan—courageous—don’t want radical Islamists governing Afghani-stan. 
In Egypt, a very fine, courageous 
man, President el-Sisi, stood up to imams and pointed out that you must take back Islam and denounce the rad-ical Islamists that are destroying our religion. They recognize this is Is-lamic. They are claiming to be Islamic. And we have got to clean up our own religion. 
Judicial Watch released information 
today: ‘‘ODNI Confirms Terrorists Tried to Enter U.S. As Syrian Refu-gees.’’ They point out that, ‘‘FBI As-sistant Director Michael Steinbach has also conceded that the U.S. Govern-ment has no system to properly screen Syrian refugees. ‘The concern in Syria is that we don’t have systems in place on the ground to collect information to vet. That would be the concern, is we would be vetting—databases don’t hold the information on those individuals. You’re talking about a country that is a failed state, that is, does not have any infrastructure, so to speak. So all of the data sets—the police, the intel services—that normally you would go to seek information don’t exist.’’ That is very important. 
Now I know that some people are try-
ing to say that Donald Trump—and I did not endorse him. I endorsed T
ED 
CRUZfor President—but they are try-
ing to vilify Trump because he perhaps overstated it, but he has made clear that we need to pause until we figure out our policy. 
Yet, Huma Abedin, wife of Anthony 
Weiner, our former colleague here, de-nounced Trump. She says Trump wants to literally write racism into our law books, his homophobia doesn’t reflect our Nation’s values, it goes far enough to damage our country’s reputation, and could even threaten our national security. 
Mr. Speaker, I pointed out yesterday 
the information that we obtained after letters were sent to departments and just mentioning a couple of facts about her family. And then we find out that she has these direct ties to Abdullah Omar Naseef, who had ties to Osama bin Laden, and really serious issues not just through her mother, who started the Muslim Sisterhood, but her late fa-ther, deceased for many years now, but who is a prominent member of the Muslim Brotherhood and a brother who had ties—but she had ties herself—to Naseef and others. 
When you find out the contacts and 
close personal ties she herself had, you wonder how in the world a person like this could be attached to, at the time, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.089 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9204 December 9, 2015 
First Lady Hillary Clinton in the Clin-
ton years in the Clinton White House. How could that happen? 
Of course, over the years, she has be-
come ingratiated to Hillary Clinton. She has been her closest confidante. Not much of anything happens, as we found from the emails, without Huma Abedin Weiner being in the middle of it. Wow. 
I just want to point out something 
else that has come out in recent years. I will just read this. I don’t espouse that Wikipedia is all that reliable, but here is what they say about Abdul Rahman al-Amoudi: He is an American former Muslim activist known for founding the American Muslim Coun-cil. He was born in Eritrea, raised in Yemen, emigrated to the U.S. He formed the Council, whose aim was to inform and influence both Republicans and Democrats. 
In 1998, al-Amoudi was involved with 
the selection of Muslim chaplains for the U.S. military, and acted as a con-sultant to the Pentagon for over a dec-ade. 
b2030 
During this time, al-Amoudi served 
as an Islamic adviser to President Bill Clinton and a fundraiser for both the Republican and Democratic parties. 
More recently, al-Amoudi worked 
with leading conservatives such as Gro-ver Norquist, president of Americans for Tax Reform. 
Al-Amoudi became a U.S. citizen in 
1996. Al-Amoudi and other Muslim leaders met with the then-presidential candidate George W. Bush in Austin in July 2000, offering to support his bid for the White House in exchange for Bush’s commitment to repeal antiterrorist laws. He even spoke at a service for the victims of 9/11. 
He is now doing 23 years in prison for 
supporting terrorism. He was helping the Clinton administration find people for different jobs. I am trying to find out, Mr. Speaker, could he have had anything to do, before he went to pris-on, with placing Huma Abedin as an in-tern with Hillary Clinton. Mr. Speaker, I can’t get an answer. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to submit the following Tax Complexity Analysis statement on the conference report to H.R. 644: 
Section 4022(b) of the Internal Revenue 
Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 (the ‘IRS Reform Act’) requires the staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation (in con-sultation with the Internal Revenue Service and the Treasury Department) to provide a tax complexity analysis. The complexity analysis is required for all legislation re-ported by the Senate Committee on Finance, the House Committee on Ways and Means, or any committee of conference if the legisla-tion includes a provision that directly or in-directly amends the Internal Revenue Code and has widespread applicability to individ-
uals or small businesses. 
Pursuant to clause 11 of rule XXII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation has determined that a complexity analysis is not required under section 4022(b) of the IRS Reform Act because the bill contains no pro-visions that amend the Code and that have ‘widespread applicability’ to individuals or small businesses, within the meaning of the rule. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED 
A bill of the Senate of the following 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1719. An act to provide for the establish-
ment and maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 614. An act to provide access to and use 
of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other purposes. 
S. 1177. An act to reauthorize the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
S. 1461. An act to provide for the extension 
of the enforcement instruction on super-vision requirements for outpatient thera-peutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2015. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, December 10, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3732. A letter from the Director, Issuance 
Staff, Office of Policy and Program Develop-ment, Food Safety and Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Mandatory Inspection of Fish of the Order Siluriformes and Products Derived From Such Fish [Docket No.: FSIS-2008-0031] (RIN: 0583-AD36) received December 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3733. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting a report prepared by the Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security on the na-tional emergency declared by Executive Order 13222 of August 17, 2001 and continued through August 7, 2015, to deal with the threat the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States caused by the lapse of the Export Administration Act of 1979, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public 
Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec. 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3734. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting a notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Japan, Transmittal No. 15-62, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3735. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Amendment to the Export Adminis-tration Regulations to Add XBS Epoxy Sys-tem to the List of 0Y521 Series; Technical Amendment to Update Other 0Y521 Items [Docket No.: 150825777-5777-01] (RIN: 0694- AG70) received December 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
3736. A letter from the Director, Congres-
sional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the period from April 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015, pursuant to μ5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); 
Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
3737. A letter from the Chairman, National 
Mediation Board, transmitting the Board’s Annual Performance and Accountability Re-port 2015, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Pub-lic Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
3738. A letter from the Chief, Regulations 
and Standards Branch, Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oil and Gas and Sulphur Oper-ations in the Outer Continental Shelf — De-commissioning Costs [Docket ID: BSEE-2015- 0012; 15XE1700DX EEEE500000 EX1SF0000.DAQ000] (RIN: 1014-AA24) received December 4, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3739. A letter from the United States Trade 
Representative, Executive Office of the President, transmitting a letter regarding the pending accession to the World Trade Or-ganization of the Republic of Liberia and the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, pursuant to Sec. 122 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee of Con-
ference. Conference report on H.R. 644. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the chari-table deduction for contributions of food in-ventory (Rept. 114–376). Ordered to be printed. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE7.090 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9205 December 9, 2015 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: 
H.R. 4194. A bill to require the Attorney 
General to make competitive grants to State, tribal, and local governments to es-tablish and maintain witness protection and assistance programs; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. 
M
ASSIE , and Mr. Y OHO): 
H.R. 4195. A bill to repeal the authoriza-
tions for office space, office expenses, frank-ing and printing privileges, and staff for former Speakers of the House of Representa-tives; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. 
By Mr. NOLAN: 
H.R. 4196. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 
1930 to improve enforcement of the trade laws of the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. 
F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, 
Mr. S ALMON , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia, Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. J ODY B. 
HICEof Georgia, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. H AR-
RIS, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
CARTER of Texas, and Mr. F LORES ): 
H.R. 4197. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to permit the Governor of a State to reject the resettlement of a ref-ugee in that State unless there is adequate assurance that the alien does not present a security risk and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BRAT: 
H.R. 4198. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to clarify the responsibilities of Commercial Market Representatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. DUFFY: 
H.R. 4199. A bill to provide the government 
of Puerto Rico the choice to restructure its municipal debt in conjunction with enhanced financial oversight, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judici-ary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GIBSON (for himself, Mr. 
N
UGENT , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. 
O’ROURKE ): 
H.R. 4200. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to provide a period for the relo-cation of spouses and dependents of certain members of the Armed Forces undergoing a permanent change of station in order to ease and facilitate the relocation of military fam-ilies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Ms. 
L
EE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas): 
H.R. 4201. A bill to amend titles XVI, 
XVIII, XIX, and XXI of the Social Security Act to remove limitations on Medicaid, Medicare, SSI, and CHIP benefits for persons in custody pending disposition of charges; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. KATKO (for himself and Mr. 
H
ANNA ): H.R. 4202. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
H.R. 4203. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to prohibit certain fees related to aircraft lavatories, to require refunding baggage fees if baggage is delayed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself, Miss 
RICEof New York, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
PALLONE , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , and Mr. P ASCRELL ): 
H.R. 4204. A bill to posthumously award a 
Congressional gold medal to Alice Paul, in recognition of her role in the women’s suf-frage movement and in advancing equal rights for women; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 4205. A bill to permit producers of 
‘‘Choose and Cut’’ Christmas trees to opt out of the Christmas tree promotion, research, and information order; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. SARBANES (for himself, Mrs. 
E
LLMERS of North Carolina, and Mr. 
MCNERNEY ): 
H.R. 4206. A bill to provide for a technology 
demonstration program related to the mod-ernization of the electric grid; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. 
D
OGGETT , Ms. L EE, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
WELCH , and Mr. C UMMINGS ): 
H.R. 4207. A bill to amend part D of title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to determine, on behalf of Medicare bene-ficiaries, covered part D drug prices for cer-tain covered part D drugs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: 
H.J. Res. 75. A joint resolution making fur-
ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
By Mr. TROTT: 
H. Res. 559. A resolution disapproving of 
Executive Order 13688, (regarding Federal support for local law enforcement equipment acquisition) issued by President Obama on January 16, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
158. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan, relative to House Resolution No. 144, urging the President and the Con-gress to support the National Breast Cancer Coalition’s goal of knowing how to end breast cancer by 2020; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
159. Also, a memorial of the General As-
sembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 132, re-questing the Congress of the United States 
call a convention of the States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
160. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Alabama, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 112, requesting the Con-gress of the United States call a convention of the States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
161. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Michigan, relative to Senate Resolution No.: 105, encouraging the Presi-dent, the Congress, and the Office of Manage-ment and Budget to support plans to upgrade the Soo Locks at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, and approve the Army Corps of Engineers’ reprogramming request to fund an Economic Reevaluation Report for replacing the Davis and Sabin locks; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
162. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the State of Michigan, rel-ative to House Resolution No. 154, encour-aging the President, the Congress, and the Office of Management and Budget to support plans to upgrade the Soo Locks at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, and approve the Army Corps of Engineers’ reprogramming request to fund an Economic Reevaluation Report for replacing the Davis and Sabin locks; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: 
H.R. 4194. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. JONES: 
H.R. 4195. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 5, and Article I, Section 
8 
By Mr. NOLAN: 
H.R. 4196. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 4197. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 Clause 18 
By Mr. BRAT: 
H.R. 4198. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 gives Con-
gress power to raise revenue for spending on the general welfare. Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, it is necessary and prop-er that Congress provides guidelines for the manner in which public funds are spent. 
By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4199. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, section 3, clause 2 and Article I, 
section 8, clause 4. 
By Mr. GIBSON: 
H.R. 4200. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09DE7.100 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9206 December 9, 2015 
Article I, section 8. 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.R. 4201. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I § 8 
By Mr. KATKO: 
H.R. 4202. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 2 of Section 3 of Article IV of the 
Constitution: The Congress shall have the Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Terri-tory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitu-tion shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or any par-ticular State. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
H.R. 4203. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
article I, section 8, clause 3 of the US Con-
stitution 
By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: 
H.R. 4204. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 4205. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 3 
By Mr. SARBANES: 
H.R. 4206. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Paragraph 1 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 4207. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall 
have the power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties; imposts, and exercises, to pay the debts and provide for the commen defense and gen-eral welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: 
H.J. Res. 75. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 
1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 379: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, and Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 592: Mr. R ICHMOND and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 649: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 662: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 769: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 771: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. R IBBLE . H.R. 775: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. D OLD, 
and Mr. N EAL. 
H.R. 842: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 863: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 990: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 1005: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 1039: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1076: Mr. M OULTON , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California, Ms. K USTER , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. F OSTER , and 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1116: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, 
Mrs. M IMI WALTERS of California, Mr. 
BARLETTA , and Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. W ESTERMAN , 
and Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 1220: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1282: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico and Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 1292: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 1303: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1304: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1427: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Mr. H UN-
TER. 
H.R. 1568: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1594: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. O’R OURKE , and 
Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 1598: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1602: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 1625: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1654: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 1686: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Ms. N ORTON , 
Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. 
BUCHANAN . 
H.R. 1688: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 1728: Mr. K ATKO and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 1751: Mrs. D AVIS of California and Ms. 
SPEIER . 
H.R. 1761: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. S ERRANO , and 
Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 2087: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Ms. 
DELAURO . 
H.R. 2095: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2101: Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 2102: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
ROSS, and Mr. B UCHANAN . 
H.R. 2114: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2142: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. S HUSTER . 
H.R. 2150: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 2193: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 2209: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2283: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 2302: Mr. C APUANO and Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN . 
H.R. 2382: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. S IMPSON , 
and Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 2405: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2411: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
POLIS, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. B EYER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana. 
H.R. 2530: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 2540: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. R OSSand Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2680: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 2713: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 2715: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2716: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 2759: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 2805: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 2858: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 2894: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 2896: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
GIBBS, and Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 2911: Mr. D ELANEY and Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 3002: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 3029: Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 3061: Mr. C OHEN and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3069: Ms. T ITUS and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 3080: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 3084: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 3130: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 3222: Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 3261: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3323: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. M EEHAN and Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 3366: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 3381: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. B OST, Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P AULSEN , and 
Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 3399: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 3411: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
RUSH, and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3516: Mr. B ARTON and Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 3520: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey and Mr. 
SIRES. 
H.R. 3565: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 3569: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 3640: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3643: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 3652: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3658: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3680: Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 3691: Mr. H ASTINGS and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. 
H.R. 3696: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 3706: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 3712: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 3785: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 3793: Mr. L EWIS, Mr. M CDERMOTT , and 
Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3808: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 3841: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3852: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3892: Ms. G RANGER , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. 
STIVERS , and Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
H.R. 3929: Mr. R OUZER and Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 3940: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama. 
H.R. 4006: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 4016: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 4018: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 4069: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. 
TSONGAS , and Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 4117: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 4132: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 4135: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. H INO-
JOSA. 
H.R. 4143: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 4144: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 4152: Mr. R OEof Tennessee and Mr. 
BURGESS . 
H.R. 4161: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.R. 4171: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 4181: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 4185: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. M IL-
LERof Florida, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
JOYCE , and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 4186: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.J. Res. 22: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mr. 
DONOVAN . 
H. Res. 14: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H. Res. 32: Mr. R OYCE . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H. Res. 207: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. S TEWART . 
H. Res. 230: Ms. M ATSUI and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. 
H. Res. 248: Mr. T HORNBERRY . 
H. Res. 265: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
H. Res. 289: Mr. K EATING and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H. Res. 467: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Mr. H IMES, Mr. J EFFRIES , 
and Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H. Res. 506: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H. Res. 520: Ms. L EE. 
H. Res. 534: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H. Res. 536: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey, and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H. Res. 540: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.054 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9207 December 9, 2015 
H. Res. 549: Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. W ELCH , and 
Mr. P AYNE . 
H. Res. 558: Mr. H IMES. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BRADY OF TEXAS  
Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XXI of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, it shall not be in order to consider in the House 
of Representative a conference report to ac-company a bill or joint resolution unless the joint explanatory statement includes a list of congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9(e), 9(f), and 9(g) of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives or a statement that the proposition contains no congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits. No provision in the conference report accompanying H.R. 644 includes an earmark, limited tax benefit, or limited tariff benefit under clause 9(e), 9(f), or 9(g) of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. ROGERS OF KENTUCKY  
H.J. Res. 75, a resolution making further 
continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 381: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE7.062 H09DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8507 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 2015 No. 178 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, the Earth belongs to 
You and everything in it. Thank You for continuing to bless our lives. Give our lawmakers absolute trust in Your faithfulness and power. May the un-folding of Your loving providence in our history inspire them to persevere. Lord, fill them with Your Spirit, guid-ing their words and helping them to avoid risky rhetoric. Tune their hearts to the frequency of Your inner voice, making them responsible stewards of freedom. 
Lord, thank You for blessing the 
United States of America throughout our history. Continue to unite us in the common cause of justice, righteous-ness, and truth. 
We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
some questioned whether Washington could ever agree on a replacement for 
No Child Left Behind. They needn’t question any longer. Just consider to-day’s headline from the Associated Press: ‘‘Outdated education law up for major makeover in the Senate.’’ 
This morning we expect that a new 
Senate that is back to work will send the Every Student Succeeds Act to the President for his signature. This for-ward-looking replacement for a broken law would open new opportunities for our kids and put education back in the hands of those who understand their needs best: parents, teachers, States, and school boards. 
This bipartisan legislation would 
strengthen charter schools. This bipar-tisan legislation would prevent distant bureaucrats from imposing common core. This bipartisan legislation would substitute one-size-fits-all Federal mandates for greater State and local flexibility. In short, it is conservative reform designed to help students suc-ceed, instead of helping Washington grow. It is a significant achievement for our country. 
I thank everyone who helped make 
this moment possible. At the top of the list are two Senators. There is Senator A
LEXANDER , a former Education Sec-
retary from Tennessee, a Republican; and there is Senator M
URRAY , a former 
preschool teacher from Washington State, a Democrat. They worked very hard. They worked across the aisle, and they worked in good faith. 
Their success in this effort is our 
country’s gain. It is a win for parents, and it is a win for dedicated teachers. Most importantly, it is a win for chil-dren because these young Americans deserve the enhanced opportunities the bill would provide. 
There is something else we know 
about Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator 
MURRAY about their accomplishment. 
It is a testament to what a new and more open approach can bring to the legislative process. It gives Senators of both parties more of a say. It gives Senators of both parties more of a 
stake. So Senators are more likely to be interested in working together and seeing good ideas through to comple-tion. That is just what we have seen here. 
Senator M
URRAY said: ‘‘I am very 
proud of the bipartisan work we have done on the Senate floor—debating amendments, taking votes, and making this good bill even better.’’ 
Senator A
LEXANDER said: ‘‘The bill is 
just one more example that Congress is back to work.’’ 
I couldn’t agree more. Finding a seri-
ous replacement for No Child Left Be-hind eluded Washington for years. Today it will become another bipar-tisan achievement for our country. 
I urge every colleague to join me in 
voting to send this forward-looking, conservative reform to the President’s desk. Let’s help every student by pass-ing a bill NPR calls a ‘‘sea change in the federal approach’’ and the Wall Street Journal hails as ‘‘the largest devolution of federal control to the states in a quarter-century.’’ 
f 
BIPARTISAN ACHIEVEMENTS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
new Congress and the new Senate this year have had a habit this year of turn-ing third rails into bipartisan achieve-ments. You might say we did so on highways and transportation last week. You might say we are doing so on schools and education this week. 
We have also overcome significant 
obstacles to pass important legislation that would protect America’s privacy online through the sharing of cyber threat information that would help fight against unfair trade barriers, that would help our military modernize and prepare for future threats, and that would bring hope to victims of deplor-able crimes who suffer in the shadows. 
But when it comes to the truest of 
third rails in American politics, some boil that down to just two phrases: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.000 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8508 December 9, 2015 
Medicare and Social Security. We all 
know that positive action will be need-ed if we care about saving these pro-grams for future generations. Repub-licans and Democrats are both aware of this inescapable fact. Yet too many politicians have been conditioned to believe that bringing one comma of positive reform to either law is polit-ical suicide. 
Well, bipartisan majorities in the 
new Congress voted to change a lot more than just commas in both laws this year. We took bipartisan action on Medicare, reforming a broken payment system that has threatened seniors’ care. We took bipartisan action on So-cial Security’s disability component, enacting the most significant reform in a generation. As a result of these bipar-tisan reforms, we put a permanent end to Congress’ annual doc fix drama. We brought reform to a program for dis-abled Americans that was scheduled to go broke next year. And we broke through on a bipartisan basis—an im-portant psychological barrier that has held back broader positive action for the American people. 
The scale of what this new Congress 
was able to achieve on these issues is noteworthy, but it is important for an-other reason. It clears a path for future wins for our constituents. That is good news for our country today, it is good news for future generations tomorrow, and it is another example of a Congress that is back to work for the American people and back on their side. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS BILL 
AND FILIBUSTERS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, today we 
are taking a long, overdue step in mov-ing beyond the Bush No Child Left Be-hind law. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act will 
reduce the focus on testing while still ensuring that all students are making progress. This reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act also includes new investments for early childhood education—a priority for Democrats. 
The senior Senator from Washington, 
Mrs. M
URRAY , and the chairman of the 
HELP Committee, Senator A LEXANDER , 
did good work in getting this bill passed. But while we pat ourselves on the back for passing this legislation, we shouldn’t forget that we could have done this a long time ago. It was not long after the bill passed that we knew it was full of flaws, and we tried val-iantly to change it for a number of years. 
Why didn’t we change it? Because 
there were Republican filibusters. We couldn’t bring the bill to the floor. In fact, nearly every major bipartisan bill we passed this year could have become law in years past if Republicans had 
not blocked them, obstructed them, and filibustered them. 
What are we talking about? We are 
talking about the bill we are going to vote on at 10:45 a.m., the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, and the so-called doc fix. My friend referred to that, the SGR. For years, because of something the Bush administration had done to fix it on paper to make the budget look good, we could not get past that. It was terrible for Medicare pa-tients and very bad for Medicare physi-cians. We tried to change it not once, not twice, not three times, but numer-ous times. Every time we couldn’t do it because of Republican obstructionism. 
We passed the Terrorism Risk Insur-
ance Act. Why didn’t we do it earlier? Because the Republicans filibustered it, blocked it, and obstructed it. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity funding that nearly shut down the government—we tried to do it earlier. We couldn’t because of obstruction by Republicans. 
The Suicide Prevention for American 
Veterans Act, also called the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act—why didn’t we do that earlier? Because they wouldn’t let us. They filibustered it, they blocked it. 
For the Shaheen-Portman energy ef-
ficiency bill it was the same thing; the USA FREEDOM Act, the same thing. As to cyber security legislation, my friend comes and boasts about all the good things done, and it includes cyber security. It takes a lot of gall to come here and boast about that. It was fili-bustered time and again by the Repub-licans. 
My friend also talks about how great 
the Senate is operating. When he signed up for this job, he said that, as Republicans, they would take all bills through the committee of jurisdic-tion—absolute falsehood. They have not done that. 
What am I talking about? Well, S. 
534, the Immigration Rule of Law Act of 2015, went directly to the floor. DHS, Department of Homeland Security ap-propriations, directly bypassed the committee. For the Keystone Pipeline it was the same thing; Iran nuclear agreement, same thing; vehicle for the Trade Act, same thing; Trade Pref-erences Extension Act, same thing. H.R. 644, Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act, same thing, went di-rectly to the floor and skipped the committee. Patriot Act extension, same thing—it skipped the committee. Highway bill, same thing—it skipped the committee. Defund Planned Par-enthood skipped the committee and came right here. The vehicle for the Iran bill skipped the committee and came directly to the floor. The pain-ca-pable bill, same thing—it skipped the committee and came here. And there are many other instances. 
The bills I have talked about, with 
some exception, were good bills in the last Congress, and they were good bills this Congress. The only difference be-tween then and now is that Repub-
licans no longer blocked them. 
I am not amused. I know that some 
may think this is amusing, but it is not. It is too serious. When my Repub-lican colleagues take victory laps on legislation they filibustered last Con-gress, that is not a laughing matter. I say to my Republican friends: You get no credit for passing legislation now that Republicans blocked then. It doesn’t work that way. We have not ob-structed; we have been constructive. If Republicans are intent on claiming credit for moving forward bills they have blocked in the past, I hope they will change course this coming year and finally start to do something for the middle class. 
Where have we done anything for the 
middle class during the first year of this Congress? I don’t see a place. We are halfway through the 114th Con-gress, and I have seen little hope that they are planning on doing anything in the next few months. Let’s see what happens next year. 
This Congress so far has been a fail-
ure for middle-class Americans. We can change that next year. We can do something about the minimum wage that has been filibustered numerous times by the Republicans. Increasing the minimum wage is good for Amer-ican workers, businesses, and the econ-omy. Under Senator M
URRAY ’s pro-
posal, 38 million Americans stand to benefit from an increase in the min-imum wage. In Nevada, almost 400,000 workers will get a raise. That is almost one-third of our State’s workforce. 
Next year we can finally address un-
fair wage disparity that takes money out of American women’s paychecks. On average, women make about 77 cents for every dollar their male col-league makes for doing the same work. For women of color, the disparity is even worse. African-American women make 64 cents for every dollar their male colleagues make for doing the same work. Latino women make 53 cents for every dollar doing the same work that a man does. That is really unconscionable. I encourage the Repub-lican leader to take up Senator M
IKUL-
SKI’s Paycheck Fairness Act, which 
would help close the wage-gap dis-parity for American women. 
Next year we could pass legislation 
to ease the burden of student loans, which are so costly. Americans now owe more than $1 trillion in student loan debt. Student loans are the second largest source of personal debt in the United States—even more than credit cards or auto loans. I hope Republicans will work with us to do something about this next year. Americans with student loans need the help. 
These are just a few of the important 
matters I urge Republicans to under-take in the coming year. There are many things we can do to help the mid-dle class. So instead of telling us how the Senate is working, why not work with Democrats? Instead of telling us how productive this year has been in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.006 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8509 December 9, 2015 
spite of all the empirical data that 
proves otherwise, why not make this coming year productive for America’s working families? If we do that, then we can honestly tell the American peo-ple that the Senate is working again— not obstructing—because they would be working with us. We have worked with Republicans to pass legislation outlined by the Republican leader and previously filibustered by them. 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT— 
CONFERENCE REPORT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the conference report to accompany S. 1177, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Conference report to accompany S. 1177, a 
bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 10:45 a.m. is equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. 
The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the 
American people have a lot on their minds this week about things hap-pening in our world and in our country, but today we turn our attention to something at home. The Senate and Congress—and I believe the President— by the end of the week will have a Christmas present for 50 million chil-dren and 3.4 million teachers in 100,000 public schools across this country, something they have been eagerly awaiting. Today the Senate should pass by a large margin our bill to fix No Child Left Behind. 
A lot has been said about how the bill 
repeals the common core mandate, how it reverses a trend toward a national school board that has gone on through the last two Presidential administra-tions, and how it is the biggest step to-ward local control in a quarter of a century for public schools. That is all true. 
The legislation specifically prohibits 
the U.S. Secretary of Education from specifying in any State that it must have the common core standards or any other academic standards—not just this Secretary but future Secre-taries. It gets rid of the waivers the U.S. Department of Education has been using to act, in effect, as a national school board, causing Governors to have to come to Washington and play ‘‘Mother May I’’ if they want to evalu-ate teachers or fix low-performing schools or set their own academic standards. And it is true that it moves a great many decisions at home. It is the single biggest step toward local control of schools in 25 years. 
This morning, as we come to a vote, 
which we will do at 10:45, I would like to emphasize something else. I believe the passage of this legislation—and if it is signed later this week, as I believe it will be, by President Obama—will 
unleash a flood of innovation and ex-cellence in student achievement across America, community by community and State by State. Why do I say that? Look at where the innovation has come from before. My own State, Tennessee, was the first State to pay teachers more for teaching well, creating a mas-ter teacher program in the 1980s. Flor-ida came right behind. That didn’t come from Washington, DC. The Demo-cratic-Farmer-Labor Party in Min-nesota created what we now call char-ter schools in the early 1990s. That didn’t come from Washington. The Governors themselves met with Presi-
dent George H.W. Bush in 1989 to estab-lish national education goals—not di-rected from Washington but with Gov-ernors working together, with the President involved in leading the way and providing the bully pulpit support. Then the Governors since that time have been setting higher standards, de-vising tests to see how well students were doing to reach those standards, creating their own State account-ability systems, and finding more ways to evaluate teachers fairly. 
My own State has done pretty well 
without Washington’s supervision. Starting with the master teacher pro-gram in the 1980s, then-Governor McWherter, in his time in the 1990s, helped Tennessee pioneer relating stu-dent achievement to teacher perform-ance. Then Governor Bredesen, a Democratic Governor, realized that our standards were very low—we were kid-ding ourselves—so he, working with other Governors, pushed them higher. Our current Governor Bill Haslam has taken it even further, and our children are leading the country in student achievement gains. So the States themselves have been the source of in-novation and excellence over the last 30 years. 
We have learned something else in 
the last 10 or 15 years: Too much Wash-ington involvement causes a backlash. You can’t have a civil conversation about common core in Tennessee or many other States. It is the No. 1 issue in Republican primaries, even in gen-eral elections, mainly because Wash-ington got involved with it. Now Wash-ington is out of it, and it is up to Ten-nessee and Washington and every State to decide for themselves what their academic standards ought to be. The same is true with teacher evaluation. 
I was in a 1
1⁄2-year brawl with the Na-
tional Education Association in 1983 and 1984 as Governor, when we paid teachers more for teaching well. It car-ried by one vote in our State senate. So when I came to Washington a few years ago, people said: Well, Senator A
LEX-
ANDER is going to want every State to 
do that. They were absolutely wrong about that. The last thing we should do is tell States they must evaluate teachers and how to evaluate teachers. It is hard enough to do without some-body looking over your shoulder. Too much Washington involvement has ac-tually made it harder—harder to have 
higher standards and harder to evalu-ate teachers. I believe we are changing that this week. 
I had dinner with a Democratic Sen-
ator last night who plans to vote for the bill. He said he would have given me 5-to-1 odds at the beginning of the year that we wouldn’t be able to pass this bill. Why are we at the point where we are likely to get votes in the mid-eighties today in favor of the bill? No. 1, because we worked on it in a bi-partisan way. And I have given credit many times to Senator M
URRAY from 
the State of Washington for suggesting how we do that. I see Senator M
IKULSKI  
from Maryland on the floor. She has been a force for that as well. Our com-mittee worked in a bipartisan way, and so did the House of Representatives as we worked through the conference. 
The President and his staff members 
and Secretary Duncan have been pro-fessional and straightforward in deal-ing with us all year long, and I am grateful for that. We knew from the be-ginning, when we said to the President: Mr. President, we know we can’t change the law; we can’t fix No Child Left Behind unless we have your signa-ture. We know that. He dealt with us in a straightforward way. 
Then we found a consensus. Once we 
found that consensus, it made a very difficult problem a lot easier. The con-sensus is this: We keep the important measurements of student achievement so that parents, teachers, and schools will know how schools, teachers, and parents are doing. There are 17 tests designed by the States, administered from the 3rd grade through the 12th grade, about 2 hours per test. That is not very many tests. Keep those, report the results, disaggregate the results, and then leave to classroom teachers, school boards, and States the decisions about what to do about the tests. That should result in better and fewer tests. That consensus underpins the success we have had. 
Six years ago, in December, we had a 
big disagreement in this Chamber. We passed the Affordable Care Act, with all the Democrats voting yes and all the Republicans voting no. The next day, the Republicans went out and started trying to repeal it, and we haven’t stopped. That is what happens with that kind of debate. This is a dif-ferent kind of debate. 
If the President signs this bill, as I 
believe he will, the next day, people aren’t going to be trying to repeal it. Governors, school board members, and teachers are going to be able to imple-ment it, and they will go to work doing it. They will be deciding what tests to give, what schools to fix and how to fix them, what the higher academic stand-ards ought to be, and what kind of tests should be there. It will be their decision. They will be free to do it from the day the President signs this bill. It lasts only for 4 years until it is sup-posed to be reauthorized, but my guess is that this bill and the policies within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.008 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8510 December 9, 2015 
it will set the standard for policy in el-
ementary and secondary education from the Federal level for the next two decades. 
It is a compromise, but it is a very 
well-crafted piece of work. It is good. It is good policy. 
There are some things that are un-
done. Senator M
URRAY has her list of 
things that couldn’t get in the bill, and I have mine. I was glad to see us make more progress on charter schools. I have watched that go from the time I was Education Secretary in the early 1990s, when I wrote a letter to every school superintendent asking them to try at least one of those Minnesota start-from-scratch schools. I watched it go from there to today where over 5 percent of our children in public schools go to charter schools. That is a lot of kids—almost 3 million children— going to schools where teachers have more freedom and parents have more choices. 
What we haven’t made as much 
progress on is giving low-income par-ents more choices of schools for their children so they have the same kind of opportunity that financially better off parents do. My Scholarship for Kids proposal got only 45 votes here. I thought it was a very good idea that would give States the option—not a mandate—to turn all their Federal edu-cation dollars into scholarships for low-income children. That would be $2,100 for each of those children, and it would follow them to the school their parents chose under the State’s rules, not Washington’s rules. That is not a part of this bill, but we can fight about that and discuss that another day, and I intend to try to do that. 
Today I think we celebrate the fact 
that we have come to a very good con-clusion. We are sending to the Presi-dent a bill I hope he will be com-fortable with. While it does repeal the common core mandate and it does re-verse the trend to a national school board and it is the biggest step toward local control in 25 years, what excites me about the bill is I believe it will un-leash a flood of innovation and excel-lence in elementary and secondary edu-cation that will be a wonderful Christ-mas present for 50 million children in 100,000 public schools being taught by 3.4 million teachers. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I rise 
in support of the Every Child Succeeds Act. Today will be a great day for the Senate because we will actually pass a bill that is a result of a bipartisan ef-fort led by two very able and dedicated leaders, Chairman A
LEXANDER and 
Ranking Member P ATTY MURRAY . They 
have done an outstanding job in guid-ing the committee and encouraging open debate with extensive hearings, consultation with Members, and com-mittee markups that were long, hard, and sometimes quite feisty to say the least. That is the way the Congress ought to be, and I thank them. I think their dedication showed that 
in the Senate—we acknowledge the work of Chairman K
LINE and Ranking 
Member S COTT in the House, but here, 
we were led by two educators: Senator A
LEXANDER , the former president of a 
university and former Secretary of Education and Senator M
URRAY , a 
teacher herself, who has taught us many lessons in our caucus on how to do the right job in the right way. 
Today we come with the rewrite of a 
bill that started 50 years ago, when Lyndon Johnson wanted to have a war on poverty and passed the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. It was the first time the Federal Government was going to be involved in education and wanted to be sure there were Fed-eral resources to help lift children out of poverty. 
Many us agree with what the great 
former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said, that education is the civil rights issue of this generation because education is what opens doors today and opens doors tomorrow. The legisla-tion we pass today will make sure that we correct the problems of the past and do the right thing in the future. 
When I knew that the committee was 
going to be serious about the doing the bill, I crisscrossed Maryland consulting with parents, teachers, and administra-tors of our school system to get the best ideas. The first thing I asked was, what are we doing right, what are we doing wrong, what do you want us to do more of, and when do you want us to get the heck out of the way? 
They said to me: Senator Barb, the 
problem in Washington is that you have a one-size-fits-all mentality. Washington wants to take the same rules that apply in New York City and apply them to Ocean City, MD. You cannot have a one-size-fits-all for every school district in the United States of America. 
The second thing they said is, yes, 
you need accountability; yes, you do need metrics. But what we have come up with is overtesting that still does not result in high performance. 
I worked on a bipartisan basis with 
the leadership to do what we could to get rid of the excesses of one-size-fits- all, all decisions that are made in Washington, and the fact that we shouldn’t be racing to the test, we should be racing to the top. 
My first rule in working on this leg-
islation was to do no harm. I was deep-ly disturbed that there was an effort to change the formula—the formula that meant what Federal funds do come in the area of title I. We worked very hard to make sure the formula was fair and equitable, along with the rules of the game now and the groundwork for the rules of the game for the future. 
What that meant was that initially 
Maryland would have lost $40 million and Baltimore City and Baltimore County would have each lost $6 mil-lion. In Prince George’s County, which is experiencing a new wave of immi-grant children, we would have lost $7 million. We were able to make sure the 
formula works the way it should. 
We also made sure our teachers have 
the support they need. Our teachers have been overregulated. They have had demands placed on them to solve problems that are not theirs when a child comes to the classroom. Their job is to teach the child, but they can’t solve every problem the child has. Many of our children come to school with significant and severe health problems. Some have peanut allergies. Some have asthma. Some are chal-lenged by autism. The school system needs help with supportive services. 
I am so proud of the effort I led to 
make sure we have opportunities for school nurses to be in those schools; to make sure Federal funds can be used for the coordination of the services that will be needed to provide and over-see the health needs of our children, such as vision screening, hearing screening, and important mental health services—this is what we need to be able to do; also, to make sure that while we maintain testing in read-ing and math, we make sure we get rid of the overtesting and the race to the test. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act is 
good for all of Maryland’s students. There are 874,000 boys and girls in school today. Some are from at-risk populations. What we do here is get them ready for school. We make invest-ments in preschool education, which is so important. We have afterschool pro-gramming because children don’t learn only during the school day but through structured afterschool programming. Children continue to learn all day while they are in a safe and secure en-vironment. We empower families, we empower teachers, and we empower the local level. 
I think this is a very good job in 
what has been done here. What we hope to be able to do is to make sure our children are ready for the 21st century. I believe this bill is a downpayment on our children’s future and therefore on our Nation’s future. When we spend money on education, the benefit not only accrues to the child, it accrues to our society. Every time a child can read, every time a child can participate in the demands and the knowledge of what the 21st century requires, we are going to be in a better place. 
I congratulate Senator A
LEXANDER  
and Senator M URRAY on a great job. 
I urge adoption of the conference re-
port. 
I yield the floor. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I 
wish to celebrate a truly bipartisan, bi-cameral accomplishment. For the first time in 14 years, Congress is on the precipice of reauthorizing the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act, ESEA. First enacted 50 years ago as a part of the civil rights era, this legisla-tion sought to ensure all children, re-gardless of ZIP code, were able to ob-tain a high-quality education. The lat-est reauthorization of ESEA was signed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.009 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8511 December 9, 2015 
into law in 2001 as the No Child Left 
Behind, NCLB, Act. Due for reauthor-ization since 2007, an entire generation of students have matriculated through our Nation’s public school system under this Federal education policy while reforms have been desperately needed. I am proud of the compromises that Senate HELP Committee Chair-man A
LEXANDER and Ranking Member 
MURRAY were able to craft together 
starting back in January and for the tireless work of their staffs to get us to this point we are at today. 
Ensuring access to a high-quality 
education is one of the most important duties of Federal, State, and local gov-ernments. While Congress enacted the 
NCLB Act with the best of intentions and a comforting name, in reality the red tape and overreliance on the Fed-eral assessments it codified have left far too many children behind since its passage. In the years leading up to today, I have heard from parents con-cerned about the pressure their chil-dren feel when taking certain assess-ments, I have been disheartened to hear educators in my State say that they are falling out of love with teach-ing with consistently changing man-dates and the unpredictability of high stakes testing, and I have met with education leaders who are trying to make the best of an untenable situa-tion. All of those involved in edu-cation—from students, parents, edu-cators, school support personnel, edu-cation leaders, volunteers, and organi-zations which hold our schools ac-countable to ensure every child obtains a high-quality education—deserve to move on from the failed NCLB Act. 
I have often heard from educators in 
my State who stress that a child is more than a single or collective set of test scores. I am pleased the Every Child Achieves Act, ECAA, will replace the Federal, one-size-fits-all ‘‘adequate yearly progress’’ accountability system and allow States to design their own accountability systems to identify, monitor, and assist schools. Rather than relying on a collective set of test scores to determine student perform-ance, accountability systems will be able to take into consideration student growth over the course of a school year. States will be able to consider multiple measures of student learning, including access to academic resources, school climate and safety, access to support personnel, and other measures which can allow for differentiation in student performance. All of this will be done while ensuring that students are held to the high yet achievable stand-ard of being college- and career-ready upon completion of high school. 
I am proud that the ECAA recognizes 
that, to support a successful student, schools should support the whole child, both physically and mentally. The ap-proved bill includes a provision I coau-thored with Senator R
OYBLUNT that 
will allow schools in low-income areas to use Federal resources under title I to provide school-based mental health programs. School-based mental health 
programs have been proven to increase educational outcomes, decrease ab-sences, and improve student assess-ments. The ECAA also makes an effort to ensure students in our Nation have a deeper understanding of how our gov-ernment functions, and I would like to thank Senators C
HUCK GRASSLEY and 
SHELDON WHITEHOUSE for working with 
me to modify the american history and civics title of ECAA to accomplish this goal. Our provision allows evidence- based civic and government education programs that emphasize the history and principles of the U.S. Constitution, including the Bill of Rights, to receive Federal funding for expansion and dis-semination for voluntary use. For too long, a singular focus on assessments pushed out other important subjects like these which ensure a student re-ceives a well-rounded education. 
My home State of Maryland has 
made a commitment to funding edu-cation adequately over the past decade 
that has allowed Maryland to be a con-sistent national leader in student per-formance and student outcomes. Each day, our State’s nearly 875,000 students make their way to the classrooms of more than 60,000 educators and thou-sands more support personnel and edu-cation leaders in nearly 1,446 Maryland schools. I appreciate the service of edu-cators not only from the perspective of a lawmaker, father, and grandfather, but also as a husband of a teacher. I ap-preciate my colleague Senator B
AR-
BARA MIKULSKI , for standing with me 
to prevent a proposal from Senator R
ICHARD BURR from being included in 
the final conference report which would have harmed Maryland’s hardest to serve low-income students. Senator B
URR’s proposal would have reduced 
Maryland’s share of title I-A funding for educating low-income children by $40 million per year, punishing States like Maryland that have made the deci-sion to make proper investments in funding education for our children. Thanks to the work of Senator M
IKUL-
SKIand a strong coalition of members 
from similar States, the final con-ference report does not include this provision. 
The legislative process is about com-
prise. In many respects, this bill is a vast improvement over the No Child Left Behind Act, and the hard work of HELP Committee Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER , Ranking Member M URRAY , 
House Education and the Workforce Chairman J
OHN KLINE, and Ranking 
Member B OBBY SCOTT have led us to 
this point. However, work remains to address a current lack of protections to make our schools safer places for les-bian, gay, bisexual, and transgender, LGBT, students. In addition, Congress must not repeat the same mistakes we learned from under the NCLB Act by underfunding our Nation’s public schools. I stand ready to work with Members from both parties to ensure that all Americans can obtain a high- quality education. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, Dun-
can Taylor is the parent of a second grader in Highline public schools in my home State of Washington. Like so many parents in my State, he got a let-ter in the mail saying his son’s school was failing. 
Last year, Washington State lost its 
waiver from No Child Left Behind’s re-quirements. Not only did that mean most of the schools in the State are now labeled as failing, it meant Wash-ington State lost flexibility over how to spend some of its Federal funding. 
As an active member of the PTA, 
Duncan volunteers in the classroom. So he knew that the label of ‘‘failing’’ did not reflect the kind of education his son was getting, but as an edu-cation advocate, he also knew that los-ing out on that funding—in effect pun-ishing schools that serve students from all kinds of backgrounds—was not going to help. Like so many parents and teachers across the Nation, Dun-can has been following our work to re-authorize the Nation’s elementary and secondary education bill. We cannot let them down. 
I thank Chairman A
LEXANDER for 
working with me since February on a bipartisan path to get us to this point today. This process started when Chairman A
LEXANDER and I agreed that 
No Child Left Behind is badly broken and needed to be fixed. He has been a great partner, and I am thrilled we have reached this point together. 
I also thank all of our colleagues on 
the HELP Committee for their work and dedication in moving this bill for-ward. In particular, I thank my com-mittee Democrats for their tireless work on behalf of families, schools, and communities in their States. This is a stronger bill thanks to their commit-ment and effort. 
I thank the two leaders, Senator 
M
CCONNELL and Senator R EID. In par-
ticular, I thank Senator R EIDfor his 
guidance and support. 
We would not be where we are with-
out Chairman K LINE and Ranking 
Member S COTT in the House. While 
Chairman K LINE and I do not see eye to 
eye on everything, he has been a great partner on this bill, and I look forward to getting more done with him before he retires next year. Ranking Member B
OBBY SCOTT has been a partner in get-
ting this deal done. Without him and the passion he brings around dropout factories and creating a real account-ability system for our schools so all children can succeed, we would not have been able to get this bill to a place where Democrats and the Presi-dent could support it. 
There have been many late nights 
and weekends for our staff this year. I want to take a moment now to recog-nize their extraordinary efforts and service. On Senator A
LEXANDER ’s staff, 
I want to particularly acknowledge and thank his staff director, David Cleary, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.030 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8512 December 9, 2015 
as well as Peter Oppenheim and Lind-
say Fryer, his education and K–12 pol-icy leads, who worked closely with our staff over many months. I also want to acknowledge and thank Jordan Hynes, Bill Knudson, Lindsey Seidman, Hil-lary Knudsen, Bobby McMillin, and Jim Jeffries, who all did great work on this important bill. 
In the House, I was proud to work 
with Chairman J
OHNKLINE, and I rec-
ognize and thank his staff director, Juliane Sullivan, as well as Amy Jones, Brad Thomas, Mandy Schaumburg, Leslie Tatum, Kathlyn Ehl, Matthew Frame, Sheariah Yousefi, Krisann Pearce, and Brian Newell. 
I was glad to work with my friend, 
Ranking Member B
OBBY SCOTT, and I 
truly appreciate all of his hard work and dedication to this bill. I want to recognize and thank his staff director, Denise Forte, along with Jacque Chev-alier, Helen Pajcic, Alex Payne, Chris-tian Haines, Kiara Pesante, Brian Ken-nedy, and Rayna Reid. 
In addition, I thank our committed 
floor staff, who provide outstanding guidance to us every day. In particular, I thank Gary Myrick, Tim Mitchell, Tricia Engle, and Daniel Tinsley. 
Finally, I cannot say enough about 
my own incredible staff, who have put their time and talents into this bill from the word ‘‘go.’’ In particular, I want to thank my staff director, Evan Schatz, and my public education policy director, Sarah Bolton, for their ex-traordinary efforts on this legislation. 
I want to acknowledge the long and 
hard work of Amanda Beaumont, Allie Kimmel, Leanne Hotek, Jake Cornett, Aissa Canchola, Sarah Rosenberg, Au-rora Steinle, Leslie Clithero, Eli Zupnick, Helen Hare, Mary Robbins, Jeff Crooks, John Righter, Beth Stein, Beth Burke, Sarah Cupp, Melanie Rainer, Stacy Rich, Emma Rodriguez, and my chief of staff, Mike Spahn. I no-ticed all of your long, hard work on the unwavering commitment. 
As a former teacher, I want to thank 
you for standing up for the best inter-ests of our students, our educators, and our communities in Washington State and across the country. We would not be where we are today without all of your efforts. Thank you. 
Every Senator here has heard from 
teachers, parents, and students in their home State about how No Child Left Behind is badly broken. For one thing, the law overemphasized testing, and of-tentimes those tests are redundant or unnecessary. It issued one-size-fits-all mandates but then failed to give States the resources to meet those standards. I have seen firsthand how this law is not working in my home State of Washington. 
Thankfully, we were able to work in 
a bipartisan way on a solution. To-gether, we passed our bill through the HELP Committee with strong bipar-tisan support. We passed our bill here on the Senate floor with strong bipar-tisan support. We got approval from our bicameral conference committee 
with strong bipartisan support. Last week the House passed this final legis-lation with strong bipartisan support. Today I hope our colleagues here will approve this final bill with the same bi-partisan spirit that has guided our progress so far. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act will 
reduce reliance on high-stakes testing. It will invest in improving and expand-ing access to early learning programs so more kids start kindergarten ready to learn. It will help ensure that all students have access to a quality edu-cation regardless of where they live, how they learn, or how much money their parents make. 
With today’s vote, I am looking for-
ward to going back home and telling teachers and principals that we are on their side. I am looking forward to showing the American people that Con-gress can actually work when both sides work together. 
I am looking forward to making sure 
this bill is implemented in a way that works for Washington State students, parents, teachers, and communities, but first we have to clear this last leg-islative hurdle before we can send it to the President’s desk. I urge my col-leagues to vote yes to pass the Every Student Succeeds Act. Vote yes to fix No Child Left Behind. Vote yes to prove Congress can break through grid-lock, work together, and get results. Vote yes to pass this bill for students, parents, teachers, and communities across the country. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that following the vote on the adoption of the con-ference report, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business until 6 o’clock p.m., with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
yesterday I extended my appreciation to Senator M
URRAY ’s staff and to 
mine—some she noted yesterday. Some of them have been working on this bill for 5 years. I am deeply grateful to them. I have deep appreciation for their hard work, their ingenuity, and their skill in helping us come to this result. Without their hard work and tireless effort, we wouldn’t have been able to reach the successful conclusion on the passage of this important bipar-tisan, bicameral bill. 
On Senator M
URRAY ’s exceptional 
staff, I would like to thank Evan Schatz, Sarah Bolton, Amanda Beau-mont, John Righter, Jake Cornett, Leanne Hotek, Allie Kimmel, and Aissa Canchola. 
On my hardworking and dedicated 
staff, I would like to thank David Cleary, Peter Oppenheim, Lindsay Fryer, Bill Knudsen, Jordan Hynes, Hillary Knudson, Jake Baker, Lindsey Seidman, Allison Martin, Bobby 
McMillin, Jim Jeffries, Liz Wolgemuth, Margaret Atkinson, and Taylor Haulsee. 
I would like to thank some of my 
former staff who participated in this multiyear effort, but have moved on to other endeavors, including Marty West, Diane Tran, Matthew Stern, Patrick Murray, and Haley Hudler. 
On Chairman K
LINE’s staff, I would 
like to thank Juliane Sullivan, Amy Jones, Brad Thomas, Mandy Schaumburg, Leslie Tatum, Kathlyn Ehl, and Sheriah Yousefi. 
On Congressman S
COTT’s staff, I 
would like to thank Denise Forte, Brian Kennedy, Jacque Chevalier, Helen Pajcic, Christian Haines, Kevin McDermott, Alex Payne, Kiara Pesante, Arika Trim, Rayna Reid, Mi-chael Taylor, Austin Barbera, and Veronique Pluviose. 
I would like to thank the hard-work-
ing staff of our Senate HELP Com-mittee members and conferees, who played important roles in reaching this agreement, including Steve Townsend with Senator E
NZI, Chris Toppings with 
Senator B URR, Brett Layson with Sen-
ator I SAKSON , Natalie Burkhalter with 
Senator P AUL, Katie Brown with Sen-
ator C OLLINS , Karen McCarthy with 
Senator M URKOWSKI , Cade Clurman and 
Natalia Odebralski with Senator K IRK, 
Will Holloway with Senator S COTT, 
Katie Neal with Senator H ATCH , Josh 
Yurek with Senator R OBERTS , Pam Da-
vidson with Senator C ASSIDY , Brent 
Palmer with Senator M IKULSKI , David 
Cohen with Senator S ANDERS , Jared 
Solomon with Senator C ASEY , Gohar 
Sedighi with Senator F RANKEN , Juliana 
Hermann with Senator B ENNET , Brenna 
Barber with Senator W HITEHOUSE , 
Brian Moulton with Senator B ALDWIN , 
Mike DiNapoli with Senator B ALDWIN , 
Eamonn Collins with Senator M URPHY , 
and Josh Delaney with Senator W AR-
REN. 
Much of the hard-working staff from 
the White House and Department of Education also provided great help in getting this conference agreement completed. 
From the White House, I would like 
to thank Chief of Staff Denis McDonough, Domestic Policy Adviser Cecilia Mun ˜oz, James Kvaal, Roberto 
Rodriguez, Kate Mevis, Don Sisson, and Mario Cardona. 
From the U.S. Department of Edu-
cation, I would like to thank Secretary Arne Duncan, Emma Vadehra, and Lloyd Horwich for their technical as-sistance. 
The Senate legislative counsel staff 
work long hours on the many drafts of this bill and the amendments we con-sidered on the floor in July, so I would like to especially thank Amy Gaynor, Kristin Romero, and Margaret Bomba. 
We always rely on the experts at the 
Congressional Research Service to give us good information in a timely man-ner, so I extend my thanks to Becky Skinner, Jeff Kuenzi, Jody Feder, and Gail McCallion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.012 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8513 December 9, 2015 
On Senator M CCONNELL ’s staff, I 
would like to thank Sharon Soderstrom, Don Stewart, Jen Kuskowski, Katelyn Conner, Erica Suares, John Abegg, Neil Chatergee, and Johnathan Burks. 
On the Senate floor staff, I would 
like to thank Laura Dove, Robert Dun-can, Chris Tuck, Mary Elizabeth Tay-lor, Megan Mercer, Tony Hanagan, Mike Smith, and Chloe Barz. 
On Senator C
ORNYN ’s staff, I would 
like to thank Monica Popp, Emily Kirlin, and John Chapuis. 
From the Republican Policy Com-
mittee, I would like to thank Dana Barbieri. 
Finally, I would like to thank some 
in the education community for their persistent help with this bill, including Mary Kusler with the National Edu-cation Association, Tor Cowan with the American Federation of Teachers, Chris Minnich, Peter Zamora Carissa Moffat Miller, and Jessah Walker with the Council of Chief State School Offi-cers, Stephen Parker and David Quam with the National Governors Associa-tion, and Noelle Ellerson and Sasha Pudelski with the School Superintend-ents Association. 
Mr. President, as I said earlier—and I 
am speaking mainly to my colleagues on the Republican side now—Senator M
URRAY ’s preference for a large early 
childhood program is not in the bill. My preference for a large program to give parents more choices of schools is not in the bill. We are not voting on that today. 
Today we are voting on one of two 
things: the status quo or the change. You are either voting yes to repeal the common core mandate or no to keep it. You are either voting yes to get rid of the waivers through which the U.S. De-partment of Education has been oper-ating as a national school board for 80,000 schools in 42 States or a vote no is saying: I like the national school board. Your voting yes means the larg-est step toward local control of schools in 25 years or no means you are voting against the largest step toward local control in 25 years. A vote yes means you like the fact that this bill should produce less testing; no means you like the testing the way it is. Those are the choices. We are past the time when each of us has a chance to offer an amendment. We all offered our amend-ments. I have offered mine. Some of mine got 45 votes, and I needed 60 votes, so they are not in the bill, but the choice today is a choice to unleash a flood of excellence in student achievement across this country the way it should be—State by State, com-munity by community, classroom by classroom. 
I urge my colleagues to vote yes. 
I yield back any time we have re-
maining. 
I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. The question is on the adoption of 
the conference report. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO) 
would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ). Are there any other Senators in 
the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 85, 
nays 12, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 334 Leg.] 
YEAS—85 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski 
Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Schatz Schumer Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—12 
Blunt 
Crapo Daines Flake Lee 
Moran Paul Risch Sasse 
Scott Shelby Vitter 
NOT VOTING—3 
Cruz Rubio Sanders 
The conference report was agreed to. 
VOTE EXPLANATION  
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today the 
Senate voted on the adoption of the conference report to accompany S. 1177, the Every Child Achieves Act. The conference report is commonly referred to as the Every Student Succeeds Act. While the Every Student Succeeds Act takes important steps in restoring some control over education decisions back to the States, it does not go far enough. Unfortunately, the bill does not grant States autonomy in all edu-cation decisionmaking, expands the Federal Government’s role in pre-K, and fails to include important meas-ures that broaden school choice. Due to these shortcomings, I am unable to lend my support to this bill. ∑ 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS BILL 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
today the U.S. Senate, by a vote of 85 to 12, has sent a Christmas present to 50 million children across this country. First, it has to go down Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House, where we hope President Obama will wrap a big red bow around it, sign it, and send it to the children and the 3.4 million teachers who are looking forward to it. 
This is a bill that is so important 
that the Nation’s Governors gave it their first full endorsement of any piece of legislation in 20 years. It has the full support of the Chief State School Officers, it has the full support of the school administrators, and it has the support of the American Federa-tion of Teachers and the National Edu-cation Association. 
This is very good policy, and the rea-
son it is, is it is bipartisan, it is a con-sensus, and instead of arguing about it after the President signs it—which I hope he will—classroom teachers, school board members, Governors, community by community, State by State can go to work implementing it, and making their plans to make their own decisions about what kind of tests to give, how many to give, what the standards should be, how to fix failing schools, how to reward outstanding teachers. We have created an environ-ment that I believe will unleash a flood of excellence in student achievement, State by State and community by com-munity. 
I thank the Members of the Senate. I 
especially thank the, members of the Health Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee who have worked so well together—all 22 of them. I especially thank Senator P
ATTY MURRAY of Wash-
ington for her leadership and her effec-tiveness in helping to get such a re-markable event. 
To take an issue this complex and 
difficult and have a vote of 85 to 12 proves that when the Senate puts its mind to it, it can do some very good work. We have done that today. 
f 
ORDER FOR RECESS 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate recess today from 1 p.m. to 2 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
f 
EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS BILL 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, let me 
echo the words of our chairman and thank him, our staff and everyone who has worked on this and everyone who has supported this in a bipartisan way to send it now to the President to be signed into law. 
It is a great step forward. As the 
chairman, Senator A
LEXANDER , just 
said, the work must now begin in our schools, in our communities, and in our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.014 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8514 December 9, 2015 
States to find ways to make sure all of 
our students achieve. We have put them on that, we expect them to live up to that, and that is the promise of this bill. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— 
S. 1774 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I am 
going to ask for a unanimous consent request but speak for a couple of min-utes, engaging in some discussion with my dear friend, the senior Senator from the State of Utah. 
First, I thank him for coming to the 
floor today on this issue. I am heart-ened that he has expressed interest in working with us to get something done to help our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico. I also thank my friends, the Sen-ators from Connecticut, New Jersey, Oregon, Washington, Illinois, and my colleague from New York who is here for their steadfast support for helping Puerto Rico in this time of crisis. 
I rise deeply troubled by the dire eco-
nomic, financial, and health care situa-tion in Puerto Rico. The island is fac-ing a financial crisis, a health care sys-tem on life support, and the situation grows more dire each month. 
Puerto Rico is $73 billion in debt al-
ready and large bond payments will continue to become due next month and in the months to come. Sadly, as Puerto Rico’s economy and health care system has floundered, residents have started to flee their homeland. As the economic situation worsens, the popu-lation shift from the island to the mainland will continue until the only ones left are those who don’t have the resources to move. At that point we are going to have a humanitarian crisis on our hands, if there isn’t one already. 
There are 3.5 million people, Puerto 
Ricans, living on the island today and another 5.2 million living in the United States, including over 1 million in my State of New York. We have a basic American responsibility to aid all American citizens in times of crisis, no matter where they live. Beyond that basic imperative, if we fail to offer Puerto Rico assistance now, the prob-lem will not be contained to the island. 
We need to be concerned with these 
issues, not only because Puerto Ricans are part of the American family and deserve the quality of life we all expect but also because our failure to act now could result in a Puerto Rican finan-cial crisis that becomes a drag on our entire economy. I want to underscore this point. Congress must intervene be-fore the crisis deepens and widens. We have the tools to fix this problem. They are sitting in the toolbox. The problem is Puerto Rico isn’t allowed to use them. 
Similar to chapter 9 protections of-
fered under the Bankruptcy Code, every State in the United States can access chapter 9 protections for munic-
ipal and public corporate debt, but Puerto Rico, because it is a territory, cannot. Providing Puerto Rico the abil-ity to restructure its debt is absolutely necessary if Puerto Rico is going to get out from this financial crisis. 
Senator B
LUMENTHAL and I have in-
troduced legislation along with many of my other colleagues who will join us today that will put Puerto Rico on an equal footing when it comes to chapter 9. At the very least we should pass it right away. There are other proposals as well. We could widen bankruptcy protections. There are health and eco-nomic issues as well and we have to look at those. 
I stress to my colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle that giving Puerto Rico the restructuring authority in our bill isn’t a bailout and will not require any additional spending. It will not cost the taxpayers one plug nickel, but it will do a whole lot of good to our friends in Puerto Rico. 
On the health care front, I have in-
troduced a bill with many of my same colleagues to address several aspects of the health care crisis, issues such as Medicaid funding and fairness, appro-priate reimbursement rates, and equi-table physician payments. Disparities in how the Medicare and Medicaid Pro-grams treat Puerto Rico and our other territories are significant and need to be addressed. 
In conclusion, I am going to be the 
first to admit that neither of these bills is a silver bullet to solve all of Puerto Rico’s problems, nor are they the only potential solutions. We are more than willing to work with the chairman of the Finance Committee, a good friend who I know cares about the Puerto Rican issue, to find other solu-tions and craft bipartisan legislation so long as it provides help to Puerto Rico, but the clock is ticking. We are run-ning out of time. Congress must act now to address these issues that are stifling Puerto Rico’s economy and way of life. We must give them the tools they need to solve these prob-lems. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 1774 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration, the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object, I want to say first that I appreciate what my colleague is trying to do with regard to Puerto Rico. I think it is fair to say that we all share his concerns, and I don’t know of anyone in this Chamber who is indifferent to the issues facing our fel-low American citizens in Puerto Rico. I agree with the senior Senator from New York that Congress should act to address these problems and we need to 
act very quickly. However, a number of Senators, myself included, have some concerns about the specific policy in the bill he has brought up today on the floor. Setting aside those concerns, there are a number of questions about whether this approach would effec-tively address Puerto Rico’s problems. 
I want to work with my colleagues 
and especially my colleague from New York to find a path forward on this issue. Once again, there is bipartisan agreement that something needs to be done. I have been working closely with the ranking member of the Senate Fi-nance Committee on this issue. He has been a great help. I have also been in some pretty involved discussions with the chairs of the Judiciary and Energy and Natural Resources Committees, which also have jurisdiction in this matter, as we have been working to draft a legislative proposal to address a number of these concerns. In fact, we are planning to introduce our bill later today. 
I am sure I will have more to say on 
that piece of particular legislation in the coming days. For now I will say I would be happy to engage the senior Senator from New York on this matter as well and would hope that he would be willing to do the same with me. Going forward, I hope we can work to-gether to make sure we have all the in-formation we need about the situation in Puerto Rico in order to craft in-formed policies and effective solutions and do so in short order, in the interest of helping the people of Puerto Rico. 
As of right now, I think we need addi-
tional deliberation on this matter rath-er than simply deeming any piece of legislation to be the correct approach. For these reasons I must object to the good Senator’s request at this time, but once again I will commit to work-ing with him and others to address these important issues. 
I do object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, just 
briefly. I thank my colleague from Utah for his remarks. I want to work with him, as I know Senator W
YDEN , 
Senator G ILLIBRAND , Senator M ENEN -
DEZ, and so many others on the floor 
want to get this done. We have to work together quickly and I appreciate him acknowledging that. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
want to express my strong disappoint-ment that we are unable to do this leg-islation now. There is a grave sense of urgency for the people living in Puerto Rico, so I share the goals of my col-leagues to get this done sooner than later. This has to be moved forward. No American parent or child should have to face economic stress simply because of where they live. Congress has the re-sponsibility to actually help these fam-ilies. The economic situation in Puerto 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.021 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8515 December 9, 2015 
Rico is a serious problem that we can 
only begin to solve with meaningful legislation. 
This bill is the fiscally responsible 
way to help the people of Puerto Rico. It is the fiscally responsible way to al-leviate the dire economic situation in Puerto Rico. Let’s be very clear. This is not a bailout. It is a means for our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico to get themselves out of serious economic dis-tress. Congress must come together to pass this bill. The situation in Puerto Rico is desperate and these families need our help. There is no other way to see it. We have to help them. 
I urge my colleagues to reconsider 
this objection. Congress must help the people of Puerto Rico. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I will be 
very brief. 
I ask unanimous consent that Sen-
ator M
ENENDEZ speak after me. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I very 
much appreciate Chairman H ATCH ’s 
willingness to work with all of us— Senator S
CHUMER , Senator G ILLIBRAND , 
Senator M ENENDEZ , and myself—the 
many Senators who care deeply about this issue. 
My view is that the situation in 
Puerto Rico will get far, far worse, par-ticularly with inaction. That is why it is so important for this body to come together, Democrats and Republicans, and move quickly. 
As Chairman H
ATCH has noted, we 
have been working on this in the Fi-nance Committee. We are appreciative of Chairman H
ATCH ’s willingness to lis-
ten to colleagues on both sides of the aisle, and I think it is fair to say we have made some tangible progress. 
Recently, the talks have bogged 
down, in particular because of efforts to change national programs that have nothing to do with Puerto Rico. I wish to emphasize what has been the chal-lenge in recent days. We are trying to deal with the very real and significant questions facing Puerto Rico. Some have said in order to do that, you would have to make substantial changes in national programs. 
One of the reasons I wanted to speak 
briefly on the floor this morning is I believe that any legislation to assist Puerto Rico needs to be focused on the territory and not get into unrelated provisions. In addition, any legislation to assist Puerto Rico ought to include some type of debt restructuring au-thority. Unfortunately, I think things have moved past the point where any sort of austerity in Puerto Rico can allow them to climb out of debt with-out causing a humanitarian crisis. That is why some type of debt restruc-turing is so important. 
Wrapping up, I also wish to point out 
that debt restructuring and debt re-structuring authority does not add a penny to the Federal deficit. In my dis-cussions with Chairman H
ATCH —and we 
are very appreciative of our relation-ship and discussions we have had—that has been very important to him. So I do want to point out that debt restruc-turing authority does not add one penny to the Federal deficit. 
This issue is too important to get 
lost in yet another partisan fight. I am going to work closely with our many colleagues, the two Senators from New York, Senator M
ENENDEZ , who knows 
an enormous amount about this issue, and the chairman because, as I touched on in my statement, things will get much, much worse and sooner than people think, in my view, if Congress fails to act. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
have a lot of respect for Chairman H
ATCH . I am privileged to sit with him 
and the ranking member on the Senate Finance Committee. He does try to work in ways that are bipartisan, so I appreciate his willingness to acknowl-edge that this is a problem. But I am disappointed that this rather modest measure to help Puerto Rico address its challenges in an orderly and legal way seems to be in a vortex in which we can’t get it out. 
There are four things I think we need 
to be clear about. Every single munici-pality in the United States already has access to chapter 9. Puerto Rico had access to it until 1984, when a provision was stuck into a larger bill with no ex-planation or debate. Restoring chapter 9 to the island doesn’t cost the U.S. Treasury a single penny, nor will it raise the deficit. Perhaps most impor-tantly, all other measures both the mainland and the island can take are virtually meaningless without this re-structuring authority. 
I appreciate the chairman’s remarks 
about being open to negotiate, but we have been negotiating this issue for several months now. We have heard from stakeholders representing every interest on the island. We have had three congressional hearings. And while there may be some differences on the exact prescription, virtually every-one agrees that some restructuring au-thority must be part of the cure. 
Again, this is something we can do 
right now. This is something that doesn’t cost anything or need an offset, and it is something tangible that will give—and I want to focus on this—the 3.5 million American citizens who live in Puerto Rico a fighting chance. 
This is not about some foreign coun-
try. The citizens of Puerto Rico are citizens of the United States. If all 3.5 million came to the mainland, they would have the rights and privileges as any other U.S. citizen. They would be fully eligible for any benefit that any citizen of the United States has. 
Sometimes we look at the people of 
Puerto Rico—and I have had Members in the past when I served in the House of Representatives who have asked me: Do I need a passport to go to Puerto 
Rico? Pretty amazing. This is not some foreign country, this is the United States of America. They are U.S. citi-zens. They deserve to be treated as U.S. citizens. 
The people of Puerto Rico have 
fought in virtually every war the United States has ultimately had. If you go to the Vietnam Veterans Memo-rial with me, you will see a dispropor-tionate number of names from the is-land of Puerto Rico who served in that war or the 65th Infantry Regiment Di-vision in the Korean War, which was an all-Puerto Rican division and the most highly decorated in the history of U.S. military actions, and on and on. It is shameful that we treat 3.5 million U.S. citizens this way. 
This crisis didn’t develop overnight, 
nor will it be fixed in a day, but the present Governor, Governor Padilla, and the Government of Puerto Rico have done everything they can to right the ship of insolvency. Governor Alejandro Padilla didn’t create this crisis, which has gone on through var-ious administrations in Puerto Rico, but he has made the tough choices. He has closed schools and hospitals. He has laid off police and firefighters. He has raised taxes on businesses and indi-viduals. They have gone beyond what a sovereign nation such as Greece, for ex-ample, would ever have imagined doing, but they have run out of op-tions. All the cuts and tax hikes will not make a dent in this crisis without the breathing room that restructuring authority provides. 
This problem isn’t going to go away, 
but I do say that as Congress fiddles, Puerto Rico burns. It would be out-rageous if the Congress goes home for a holiday and leaves a brewing catas-trophe for the 3.5 million citizens of Puerto Rico who have fought for and died for this country. 
So I hope these negotiations, which, 
as the distinguished ranking member has said, should be focused on the issue of Puerto Rico and the 3.5 million U.S. citizens who live there, who wear the uniform of the United States, who have fought for it proudly and who have died for it, ultimately are not linked to something that has nothing to do with those 3.5 million U.S. citizens. 
Puerto Rico isn’t asking us to pull 
them out of this hole; they are just asking us to give them the tools with which they can help themselves. For over a century, we have had an inex-tricable bond with the island of Puerto Rico and its people, and we should not turn our backs on their great commit-ment to our country. 
I am going to come to the floor again 
and again, and I am going to remind my fellow Americans of Puerto Rican descent in Pennsylvania, in Ohio, in Florida, in New York, in New Jersey, and elsewhere around this country about their need to raise their voices on behalf of their fellow citizens. This is pretty outrageous to me. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.022 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8516 December 9, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
am proud to follow my colleague from New Jersey, my other esteemed col-leagues, and the ranking member on the Finance Committee—Senator W
YDEN —and Senator S CHUMER simply 
to make a few very starkly apparent points about the situation in Puerto Rico. It affects not only the 3.5 million citizens in Puerto Rico—and they are American citizens of the United States—but also the financial markets, the bondholders, and citizens who de-pend on the viability of our financial system across the country and poten-tially around the globe. 
There is a reason for bankruptcy 
laws. They try to make the best of a bad situation. Bankruptcy is never pleasant or welcome. The reason for the bankruptcy laws is to create an or-derly, structured process for avoiding the chaotic and costly race to the courtroom and then endless litigation. It simply consumes scarce resources. That is what will happen if bankruptcy protection is not provided in some way to the municipal entities, govern-mental function, and others in Puerto Rico. 
By a quirk of history, Puerto Rico is 
not covered by chapter 9. That quirk of history could be extraordinarily costly, not only in dollars and cents but in the humanitarian catastrophe that threat-ens the people of Puerto Rico in depriv-ing them of essential services, energy, medical care, and all kinds of very nec-essary governmental functions that may be impossible if there is no orderly resolution to its financial situation. 
We can debate how Puerto Rico ar-
rived at this place. We should learn from history so we don’t repeat it, but right now this crisis demands action, and that action has to come now. 
Many of us remember when New 
York City faced similar financial straits and the headlines in some of the tabloids. One said ‘‘Ford to City: Drop Dead.’’ It was a reference to President Ford and his lack of action when New York City was in dire fiscal trouble. 
The Nation would not let New York 
City drop dead. It should not let Puerto Rico drop dead financially. It should not send a message to Puerto Rico: Drop dead. 
For this Chamber to say ‘‘drop dead’’ 
to Puerto Rico is absolutely intoler-able and unacceptable, just as it would be if we were to say ‘‘drop dead’’ to the people of Alaska, represented so ably by the Presiding Officer, in a similar situation or to the people of Oregon, Connecticut, or any of our States or municipal entities. We know we came to the aid of Detroit, Stockton, and other municipalities when they needed it. That message, ‘‘Drop dead, Puerto Rico,’’ is antithetical to the democracy we represent here. 
Puerto Rico can and must reform 
itself, but no amount of long-term re-form will address the short-term re-ality that Puerto Rico cannot pay its current debts when due. That is the 
definition of ‘‘insolvency’’—the inabil-ity to pay debts as they come due. The denial of chapter 9 will not create more money that makes Puerto Rico solvent and enables it to pay those debts. The only question is whether this reality results in a chaotic and costly default, with nobody winning except the legions of creditors’ attorneys who will spend years and countless billable hours fighting each other litigating through the State or Commonwealth courts, through Federal courts, through courts of appeals, and maybe to the U.S. Su-preme Court, over years, maybe over decades. The alternative is an orderly 
restructure, which serves the public in-terests as well as the interests of our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico. It is an orderly, deliberate, rational process that only Congress can provide. 
The actions in the long term that are 
necessary in the interest of economic justice, as well as fairness and the wel-fare of our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico, include addressing issues relating to Medicare, the earned-income tax credit, and other obligations that we have recognized for the citizens of the country who live in the 50 States. The financial gymnastics have enabled Puerto Rico so far to avoid the chaos, and enabled Puerto Rico to avoid going over a cliff that, in effect, is irremedi-able. But we need to be very blunt and real. Those financial gymnastics can-not be sustained or continued indefi-nitely. The financial somersaults and headstands must end. The prospect of a humanitarian catastrophe within a U.S. territory is very real and imme-diate. Congress can act to prevent it. It can choose not to do so. But the re-sponsibility is ours if there is no ac-
tion. 
I urge the Members of this body, our 
colleagues, to give Puerto Rico—our citizens and fellow Americans there— the respect they deserve and approve the bill that we have offered. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
MENTAL HEALTH 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I wish to 
talk for a few minutes today about mental health. It is a topic that gets a lot of attention every time somebody does something that we don’t think makes sense, when people do harm to others in ways that we don’t seem to be able to rationalize in any other way but to say that we are almost 100-per-cent sure that this is a person who has a significant mental health problem. 
Before I go any further with that 
idea, I wish to say that if you have a mental health problem, you are much 
more likely to be the victim of a crime than you are to be the perpetrator of a crime. But when we see things happen in schools—whether it is an elementary school such as Sandy Hook or a com-munity college—and when we see things happen on a military base such as Fort Hood or in the last week at a holiday party, there is no way to ex-plain those things except to say that something has gone dramatically wrong in somebody’s life. But it does bring us to a topic that seems to be brought only by the worst of cir-cumstances. 
Fifty-two years ago President Ken-
nedy signed the last bill he signed into law, which was the Community Mental 
Health Act. On the 50th anniversary, the last day of October 2013, Senator S
TABENOW and I came to the floor to 
talk about that. When you look at the Community Mental Health Act, there were lots of great goals to be set for the country. Almost none of those goals have been achieved. The goals of closing facilities that people were con-cerned about, which they thought didn’t meet the mental health needs in the best possible way, were often achieved, but replacing those facilities with other places to go to and get care didn’t happen. In fact, surprisingly, the worst partner in behavioral health is the government. 
We have mandated that some of these 
issues be taken care of by private in-surance in what we would consider mental health equity or mental health parity, but seldom have we mandated that the Federal Government step up and treat behavioral health issues in the same way. While we have done that, we have largely turned to the law enforcement community in the country and emergency rooms and said that is our mental health program. The truth is we never said that. We just allowed that to happen. 
The biggest program for dealing with 
a behavioral health issue is the local police and the emergency room—nei-ther of which is the best place to do this or the right place to do this. Sometimes that is the only option, and it is understandable when it is the only option. But it doesn’t have to be the only option so much of the time. 
The National Institutes of Health 
says that one out of four adult Ameri-cans has a diagnosable and almost al-ways treatable behavioral health issue. This is not something that we don’t have any relationship with. By the way, they don’t say that one out of four adult Americans has a diagnosis and is undergoing treatment. They say that one out of four adult Americans has a diagnosable behavioral health issue and it is almost always treatable. In a hearing we had a year or so ago, they went on to say that about one out of nine adult Americans has a behav-ioral health issue that impacts the way they live every day, many times in a dramatic way. 
We need to do something about this. 
The Congress took a big step to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.018 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8517 December 9, 2015 
something about it over a year ago 
when we passed the Excellence in Men-tal Health Act. What did the Excel-lence in Mental Health Act do? The Ex-cellence in Mental Health Act set up an eight-State pilot where in those eight States the facilities that met the re-quirements that the act specifies— community health centers, federally qualified health centers, community mental health centers that have the right kind of staff and have that staff available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and meet other criteria—in those cen-ters and in those eight States, behav-ioral health would be treated like all other health. 
What I think we will find out that 
happens in those eight States is that there is no increase in cost. There are a few studies that would lead me to be-lieve that. They are going on around the country right now. Nobody will argue that if you treat behavioral health like all other health, the overall societal cost is going to more than pay for whatever you invest in treating that mental health issue. But I think what we are likely to find out, and what studies are beginning to prove, is that even with the health care space itself, if you treat behavioral health like all other health, your overall health spending doesn’t increase. It de-creases because the other issues are so much easier to deal with. If you are taking your medicine, if you are feel-ing better about yourself, if you are eating better, if you are sleeping bet-ter, if you are seeing the doctor, sud-denly the cost that was being spent on your diabetes or the cost that was being spent to deal with hypertension gets so much more manageable that your overall cost goes down. 
What we think will happen is that 
the eight States that move in this di-rection will never go back even though it is a 2-year pilot. We think all the facts are going to show that it should be a permanent commitment. In fact, what happened was that we didn’t have just 8 States apply or 10 States apply or even the 20 States that the Senator from Michigan and I were told would be the maximum if we made this manda-tory for the whole country from day one. We might have as many as 20 States that would be willing to partici-pate, but 24 States applied to come up with the framework to hope to be one of the 8 States. Those 24 States have all been given a little planning money. They will have a few more months to come up with a plan that says: Here is what we would like to try to prove— that if you treat behavioral health like all other health, good things happen, and it is the right thing to do. 
The more I talk about that and the 
more others talk about that, the more I think we all wonder why would we even think we have to prove this. But these pilot States are going to prove that. I am beginning to wonder why we don’t figure out how to make all 24 States pilot States. A very small com-mitment leads to a very big result. What we would find out is that doing 
the right thing produces the right kind of results. If half the States in the country not only went on this 2-year pilot program but find out that this is really what you need to do, half the States in the country would perma-nently be on a program that for the first time begins to achieve the goals of the Community Mental Health Act. 
There are great discussions going on 
in both the House and Senate about 
how the Senate bill can focus on ex-panding some of the grant programs that will encourage people to become behavioral health professionals. The House legislation talks about how we can get families more involved so they are able to keep up with the family member who has a behavioral health challenge. However, none of those things actually matter very much if they don’t have anywhere to go. We can have all the mental health profes-sionals we can imagine we would want to have, but if there is no access point for mental health treatment, it doesn’t do any good to have all those mental health professionals. 
What the Excellence in Mental 
Health Act does and will do is create an access point where everybody can go. Based largely on the community federally qualified health center model, those expenses will be submitted to the person’s insurance company or they may have some other capacity to pay. Some individuals will have a copay-ment for every visit, which is part of that system. They can use whatever government program they might apply for, and then the difference will be made up when they submit their legiti-mate expense, and those payments will be carefully audited. 
The goal of the federally qualified 
center is year after year to get the money back that they have invested in treatment so that it then becomes an access point for those people. 
I wish to point out that the access 
point is what really matters here and is the underpinning for everything else. There is no reason to have a big debate about how they share somebody’s record with the people who are closest to them if they don’t have anywhere to go and get that analysis. There is no reason to think about how many men-tal health professionals we could use in the country if there is no facility for people to go to so they can meet their mental health professional. 
This is a real opportunity for us. 
Congress has agreed to do this. I will be searching—and I hope my colleagues will join me in ways to search—to see what we can do to not only have an 8- State pilot program but to see if we can expand it and have a 24-State pilot program, assuming that all 24 of those States come back with a credible plan on how we can meet the goals of not just the Excellence in Mental Health Act but, frankly, the goals the country set for itself 50 years ago on the last day of October in 1963. 
We are still woefully short of meet-
ing the potential we need to meet in order to bring people fully into society 
based on what happens if you treat their behavioral health issue the same way you would treat every other single health problem they may have. There is no reason not to do that. We have the capacity and ability to do that. We have the program Congress has agreed to, and suddenly the number of States that are taking this seriously exceeded everybody’s estimation of States that would want to be a part of this pro-gram. 
I think one could argue that 50-plus 
years later, we may have finally come to a moment when everybody is willing to talk about this issue and do some-thing about it. We shouldn’t miss this moment. It is never too late to do the right thing. We are not doing the right thing now. Treating behavioral health like all other health issues and fully utilizing the skills and potential of mental health caregivers by giving them just a little more assistance than they currently have will enable those suffering from a behavioral health issue to become a full part of a func-tioning society. 
I am proud that my State has always 
been forward-leaning on these issues, whether it is Mental Health First Aid or trying to involve different kinds of care that work. I hope my State will be one of the pilot States. Frankly, I would like to see every State do this that wants to do this and can put to-gether a planning grant that shows they have made the local investment that is necessary so they, too, can be a part of the program that is moving for-ward to improve behavioral health issues. 
We still have one or two opportuni-
ties this year. We have the rest of this Congress if we don’t get it done this year, but let’s not miss this moment to improve mental health issues. We are already 50 years behind. Let’s not get any further behind when there is a chance to do the right thing for the right reasons at the time we have to do it in. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUESTS— 
NOMINATIONS 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise 
again today to support Adam Szubin’s nomination to serve as Under Sec-retary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes at the Treasury Department, as well as to support several other nomi-nees whose nominations have been pending before the Senate banking committee for many months—some for almost a full year—with no vote. 
All of these nominees have had hear-
ings. They have all completed a thor-ough committee vetting process and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.023 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8518 December 9, 2015 
they are ready to be approved. Yet the 
Senate banking committee is the only committee in the Senate that has not yet held a single vote on any adminis-tration nominee in this Congress—not one vote on any of the more than a dozen nominees this Congress. 
There are 13 nominees pending before 
the committee. Here we are in the final month of the year, and Republicans still have not held a vote on any of them. 
This inaction stands in stark con-
trast to this committee’s record on nominees over the past 15 years. When we look at this chart, we see for the 107th, 108th, 109th, 110th, 111th, 112th, 113th, 114th—eight Congresses, 15 years—this Congress is only half com-pleted—Republican Presidents during much of this time and Democratic Presidents during much of this time; a Republican majority in the banking committee during some of this time and a Democratic majority in the banking committee during some of this time. Yet when we look at these num-bers, we see lots referred to committee, but when we look at the number of ap-proved by committee for this Congress: zero. The number confirmed by the Senate coming out of banking for these nominations: zero. The number re-turned to the President: zero. The number withdrawn: zero. 
In other words, time after time, year 
after year, President after President, Senate majority after Senate majority, we have seen the Senate banking com-mittee actually do its work, until the 114th Congress, 2015: nothing in terms of approval. In this Congress, the com-mittee has failed to carry out its duty to consider and act upon the Presi-dent’s nominees. 
Let me start with Mr. Szubin, who is 
currently serving in his critical posi-tion in an acting capacity. Despite hav-ing bipartisan support—the Presiding Officer I know is also on the banking committee—his nomination has lan-guished for 200 days because of Repub-lican obstruction. 
This is a critical national security 
post that must be filled permanently. Mr. Szubin heads what is in effect Treasury’s economic war room, man-aging U.S. efforts to combat terrorist financing and fight financial crimes. He can do his job better if he is not act-ing but if he is in fact the confirmed nominee of the President of the United States. He is helping to lead the charge to choke off ISIL’s funding sources. We are introducing legislation today, in part, answering the threat of ISIL and the threat of terrorism and, in part, by coming up with new ways to choke off funding for the terrorists. Nobody is in a better position in our government— nobody—than Mr. Szubin, and I want him confirmed so he can do his job bet-ter. It would prevent developing addi-tional capacity to strike war targets around the world. He is working to hold Iran—regardless of how one voted on the Iran nuclear deal, he is going to hold Iran to its commitments under the nuclear deal and lead a campaign 
against the full range of Iran’s other destructive activities. 
Mr. Szubin has served in senior posi-
tions first in the Bush administration and now in the Obama administration. I don’t know if he is a Democrat or Re-publican. I don’t really care. He is an acknowledged expert in economic sanc-tions and counterterrorist financing. There is no question—no question— that he is qualified for this position. Over the last 15 years he has distin-guished himself as an aggressive en-forcer of our Nation’s sanctions laws against Russia, against Iran, against North Korea, and against money launderers, against terrorists, and against narcotraffickers. Given all the concerns surrounding terrorist financ-ing—legitimate concerns that Senator S
HELBY has and that I have and prob-
ably all other 98 Members of the Senate have—one would think a nomination would be a priority. In the past, it has been. 
Szubin’s mentor, Bush Under Sec-
retary Stuart Levey, was confirmed by the Senate just 3 weeks after his nomi-nation came to the banking com-mittee. The Senate took just 2
1⁄2 
months to consider Mr. Szubin’s imme-diate predecessor. 
Mr. Szubin has support across the po-
litical spectrum. Even many groups op-posed to the Iran nuclear deal support his nomination. The banking com-mittee chairman, Senator S
HELBY , my 
friend who is in the Chamber, described Mr. Szubin as ‘‘eminently qualified.’’ He deserves the strong backing of the Senate. Without it, his ability to oper-ate here and abroad is less than it should be. 
So I ask unanimous consent that the 
Senate proceed to executive session and the banking committee be dis-charged from further consideration of PN371, the nomination of Adam J. Szubin to be Under Secretary for Ter-rorism and Financial Crimes; that the Senate proceed to its consideration and vote without intervening action or de-bate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard from the Senator from Alabama. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I am 
frustrated that my colleagues have chosen to continue to object without giving a reason why we are not going to vote on this nomination; not talking about Mr. Szubin’s lack of qualifica-tions—because that just wouldn’t be true—and not ultimately helping us deal with terrorism around the world in this critical national security nomi-
nation. 
Let me turn to another key Treasury 
official who has been nominated to serve in a dual economic security and national security role, Adewale Adeyemo, to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for International Markets and Development. The person in this role is responsible for key national se-curity issues and recommendations made in the CFIUS process, which as-sesses the major national security im-plications of large investments in the United States made by foreign firms. 
Like Mr. Szubin, Mr. Adeyemo has 
been waiting for months for the bank-ing committee to act on his nomina-tion. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
Senate proceed to executive session and the banking committee be dis-charged from further consideration of PN86, the nomination of Adewale Adeyemo to be Assistant Secretary for International Markets and Develop-ment; that the Senate proceed to its consideration and vote without inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. SHELBY. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard from the Senator from Alabama. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I am fur-
ther frustrated because of a lack of in-formation as to why we are not con-firming this nominee. We have had hearings and they have been vetted. There is no opposition to qualifica-tions. There is no dispute over how im-portant these positions are. 
Let me turn to a nomination for an-
other key economic security position in the administration: Patricia Loui- Schmicker to serve on the Board of Di-rectors of the Export-Import Bank. 
The Export-Import Bank has been 
around since the days of Roosevelt. There were efforts by tea party Repub-licans to put the Export-Import Bank out of business. They did, for a period of time, even though for 75 years it has been reauthorized, kept in existence, helped our country, made a difference in creating jobs, helping big companies such as Boeing and GE and others, and helping all kinds of small companies. Many of the companies they have helped people haven’t even heard of, that are in Ohio and that are part of the economic supply chain, the supply chain for these companies. 
This week I was with a group of peo-
ple who do this kind of work in Ohio. They were just flabbergasted that be-cause of intransigence on the part of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.025 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8519 December 9, 2015 
tea party Republicans, we can’t get 
them—we didn’t authorize it for months and months, and now, when we finally did and it can operate, the Ex- Im Bank can’t operate because the Senate banking committee will not do its job. 
So I ask unanimous consent that the 
Senate proceed to executive session and the banking committee be dis-charged from further consideration of PN288, the nomination of Patricia Loui-Schmicker to be a member of the Board of Directors for the Ex-Im Bank of the United States; that the Senate proceed to its consideration and vote without intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. SHELBY. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard from the Senator from Alabama. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the ob-
jections from my Senate colleague, my friend Senator S
HELBY , costs us Amer-
ican jobs. When you shut down the Ex-port-Import Bank, it means that work-ers get laid off, it means that compa-nies can’t expand, it means companies can’t do what they want. 
So the first objection means our 
country is less safe, the second objec-tion causes us all kinds of problems with making sure our companies and national security is what it should be, and this third objection costs us Amer-ican jobs. None of these do I under-stand. 
Mr. President, I want to turn to an-
other Treasury Department nominee. Amias Gerety has been nominated to be Assistant Secretary for Financial Institutions, Department of the Treas-ury. Mr. Gerety has played an impor-tant role since the beginning of the current administration, helping our country recover from the worst finan-cial crisis since the Great Depression. He deserves the full backing of the banking committee. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
Senate proceed to executive session and the banking committee be dis-charged from further consideration of PN208, the nomination of Amias Moore Gerety to be Treasury’s Assistant Sec-retary for Financial Institutions; that the Senate proceed to its consideration and vote without intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further mo-tions be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; 
that the President be immediately no-tified of the Senate’s action and the 
Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. SHELBY. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard from the Senator from Alabama. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I will 
move on to another nomination. 
This nomination is for the Federal 
Transit Administration. This distin-guished nominee, Therese McMillan, has been awaiting confirmation since January of this year. She joined FTA as the Administrator in 2009. She has been Acting Administrator for a year and a half. 
Apparently the Republican majority 
doesn’t want anybody in the Obama ad-ministration because the President they don’t much like has nominated these people. It is pretty hard to under-stand. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session and the banking com-mittee be discharged from further con-sideration of PN41, the nomination of Therese McMillan to be Administrator of the Federal Transit Administration; that the Senate proceed to its consider-ation and vote without intervening ac-tion or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nom-ination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the Record; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. SHELBY. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard from the Senator from Alabama. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, a nomi-
nee to be inspector general of the FDIC, Jay Lerner, has been awaiting confirmation since January of this year. 
We know the Republican majority 
doesn’t much like Obama nominees, even though President Obama is one of, I believe, two Democrats in the last 150 years who has actually—correct me if I am wrong—won at least 51 percent of the country’s votes twice. Since the Civil War, the only other was Franklin Roosevelt, who won more than half of the popular vote four times in the country. I know some of my colleagues don’t seem to want to recognize that he is the President of the United States and, as we have always done in this country, the President gets to nomi-nate people. If they are qualified, they should be confirmed. Even if there is disagreement on their qualifications, they should be voted on and voted down. We are even asking you to do that if that is what you choose to do. But, particularly since they don’t much like the people the President puts on the FDIC, maybe we need an 
inspector general who can find out if they are doing things wrong. That is the whole point of the inspector gen-eral—to root out corruption and other problems, such as incompetence, in an agency. That is what Jay Lerner would do as the inspector general of the FDIC. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session and the banking com-mittee be discharged from further con-sideration of PN65, the nomination of Jay Neal Lerner to be inspector gen-eral of the FDIC; that the Senate pro-ceed to its consideration and vote with-out intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. SHELBY. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard from the Senator from Alabama. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I guess 
that is the conclusion of my efforts today. Senator S
HELBY can return to 
the Republican luncheon if he would like or debate me a little bit on this, but I don’t get this—first of all, in terms of our national security, the im-portance of Adam Szubin; in terms of honesty in government, the importance of Jay Lerner; in terms of creation of jobs, the nominee to the Export-Import Bank. 
I will not belabor this process any-
more. I will not raise nominees any-more for reasons of time. I think I have made my point, but especially for crit-ical national and economic security, the nominees on this list should move forward. 
I don’t understand this. I haven’t 
seen anything quite like this in the Congress of the United States. I con-tinue to press this case. I am willing to talk one-on-one with Senator S
HELBY  
on this. He has been open to that in the past. I hope my colleagues will join me in bipartisan approval of these national and economic security nominees who will matter for the continued greatness of our great country. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.026 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8520 December 9, 2015 
PARIS CLIMATE CHANGE 
CONFERENCE 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, this 
week the United Nations climate change conference is continuing in Paris. I understand over the weekend a number of Democrats went to Paris to watch a part of the discussion. 
I have been talking to folks back 
home in Wyoming about this climate 
conference and what the Democrats are proposing, and I will tell you, the peo-ple in Wyoming are not happy. They are not happy about President Obama’s plan to destroy American energy jobs and also to destroy the communities that depend on these jobs. 
They are not happy about the Presi-
dent’s plan to give away billions of U.S. taxpayer dollars to other coun-tries. They are not happy about the President’s plan to ignore the will of the American people and to sign an ex-pensive, destructive treaty on climate change in Paris. That is what they think the President is planning to do, and I believe they are exactly right. 
Last Friday, the Foreign Relations 
subcommittee that I chair released a new report called ‘‘Senate Outlook on United States International Strategy on Climate Change in Paris 2015,’’ a new report on President Obama’s plan to bypass Congress and transfer Amer-ican taxpayer funds overseas. This re-port shows how President Obama is supporting an effort to bypass Congress and to sign a climate deal that gives money to developing nations. 
The subcommittee report found four 
things. 
First, the report says that the Presi-
dent is making false promises to other countries about his ability to meet his own greenhouse gas reduction targets. President Obama has promised to cut back American energy production dra-matically. The administration is push-ing powerplant regulations that will destroy jobs and make electricity more expensive and less reliable. Bipartisan majorities in Congress, in the House and in the Senate, have rejected these regulations. President Obama wants to use this international agreement to force new regulations on the American people. 
This administration has been doing 
all that it can to cripple American en-ergy producers all across the country. It has piled new regulations on coal producers. It is blocking exports of American crude oil and liquefied nat-ural gas. It set emission standards that are designed to put powerplants out of business, and that is the second thing that the report found—that the Presi-dent’s unrealistic targets and time-tables for reducing targeted emissions are threatening jobs and threatening communities all across America. 
The third main point in this report is 
that the President is forcing American taxpayers to pay for it—to pay for our past economic successes through his contributions to the so-called Green Climate Fund. I did a townhall event the other day in Wyoming and asked what they thought about the Presi-
dent’s plan of using their taxpayer dol-lars in this way, and 94 percent of the people in the townhall said they op-posed President Obama’s plan to send their hard-earned taxpayer dollars to the United Nations climate slush fund. 
President Obama doesn’t care. He 
says he wants the money anyway. He knows American emissions have actu-ally been declining over the last dec-ade. He knows we are not the biggest source of carbon dioxide in the world. Far more emissions are coming from developing countries. We see it in China; we see it in India. Those coun-tries say that if they are going to cut their emissions, if they are going to be 
part of President Obama’s plan, some-body else is going to have to pay up. They expect developed countries such as the United States to foot the bill. 
How much money do they want? 
What are we talking about? So far, de-veloping countries have said they want—the number is astonishing—at least $5.4 trillion—not million, not bil-lion, but trillion. That is what 73 devel-oping countries are demanding over the next 15 years. It doesn’t even count an-other 90 developing countries that haven’t made their demands public yet. The reality is a great deal of this money is going to end up lining the pockets of government officials in these developing countries. The Amer-ican people know it. They see through it, even though the Obama administra-tion will not admit it. 
That brings up the fourth thing that 
this report found. Our subcommittee found that the President plans to reach a climate change deal that ignores the American people and cuts them out of the process entirely. The American public doesn’t want these policies. Con-gress has passed laws to change these policies. The Obama administration just goes on and on and makes the rules that it wants anyway. This ad-ministration refuses to have account-ability to the American people. 
What are we talking about with re-
gard to the money? It is interesting be-cause just today, this morning from Paris, there is a report from the New York Times: ‘‘U.S. Proposes Raising Spending on Climate-Change Adapta-tion.’’ 
Here is the byline from France: 
In an effort to help smooth the passage of 
a sweeping new climate accord here this week, Secretary of State John Kerry an-nounced on Wednesday a proposal to double its grant-based public finance for climate- change adaptation ....  Mr. Kerry’s an-
nouncement came as the momentum toward a deal appeared to have hit a momentary snag. 
Why? Well, reading further: ‘‘The 
issue of money has been a crucial sticking point in the talks, as devel-oping countries demand that richer countries open up their wallets. . . . ’’ 
So John Kerry is there to open up the 
wallet of the American taxpayers—be-cause it is not his money—doubling what he is offering, to try to buy a so-lution that he wants to accomplish even though it is directly in opposition 
to the American public. This adminis-tration, President Obama and Sec-retary Kerry, are out of touch with the American people, who reject this ex-pensive and destructive energy and cli-mate policy. 
The Obama administration is also 
out of touch with the rest of the world. The Obama administration says that some parts of the agreement reached in Paris will be legally binding and other 
parts will not because, obviously, we are the Congress. We are the elected representatives of the American peo-ple, and we have a say. So the Presi-dent is saying that parts of the agree-ment are binding and parts are not. China says the whole thing is binding. The European Union says the entire thing is binding. Who is right? Presi-dent Obama or the rest of the world? 
The Obama administration says it is 
going to give billions of our taxpayer dollars to these countries, including to a lot of countries that don’t like us very much. That doesn’t seem to mat-ter to the President. The developing countries say they want trillions. John Kerry is in Paris today, doubling the amount of money, doubling to try to buy support for something the Amer-ican people don’t support. 
It is interesting because, if you think 
back just a couple of months, President Obama was frantic—desperate—to get a deal with Iran over its nuclear pro-grams because of his legacy. He signed a terrible deal—by all accounts, a ter-rible deal. 
Now he is doing it again. He is once 
again frantic, once again desperate, to get a climate deal in Paris. Why? Be-cause of his so-called legacy. He is planning once again to sign a terrible deal, and he has his Secretary of State, John Kerry, there giving the speeches and making promises that the Amer-ican public will have to pay for if they get their way. 
Iran says it will play the Obama ad-
ministration’s game on emissions and reduce its carbon emissions as the President wants, but before it does, it expects the Obama administration to lift all of the remaining sanctions from the Iranian deal. It wants the United States and other countries to give them $840 billion over the next 15 years. That is what is at stake, and those are the things the President con-tinues to give away as he surrenders our energy security, our energy reli-ability, our energy jobs—a surrender by the President. He is desperate for approval by the other countries when he should be focusing on the United States. He seems to want to promise any policy, pledge any amount of money to get it, but the American peo-ple oppose sending their money to a United Nations climate slush fund. As their elected representatives, Congress must not allow the President to con-tinue to try to buy popularity for him-self using American taxpayer dollars. 
Congress must not allow the Presi-
dent to use this meeting in Paris to ad-vance his own legacy at the expense of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.027 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8521 December 9, 2015 
the American people and the American 
economy. 
Thank you, Mr. President. 
f 
RECESS 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 1 p.m., recessed until 2:01 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. S
COTT). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
f 
UKRAINE 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today is 
International Anti-Corruption Day. As the United States works to support good governance and anti-corruption efforts around the world, I wish to highlight one country, Ukraine, where these efforts are vital to the future via-bility of that state. The U.S. Congress has stood by the people of Ukraine since the Maidan demonstrations in November of 2013. 
The Senate Foreign Relations Com-
mittee passed two landmark pieces of legislation that are now law. This sent a clear signal to Kiev, Moscow, and the capitals of Europe that the United States stands squarely for the develop-ment, democratic aspirations, sov-ereignty, and territorial integrity of Ukraine and its people. 
However, Ukraine’s political leader-
ship must also continue to hold up its end of the bargain. Ukraine is a coun-try that has been plagued for many years by weak democratic institutions and rampant corruption. This internal threat of corrupt institutions poses the greatest long-term threat to Ukraine’s future. 
Ukraine’s reformers have made some 
progress. Last year Ukraine ratified an association agreement with the EU, which includes extensive commitments to governance reforms. The Parliament adopted a broad package of anti-cor-ruption laws and established a set of institutions to fight corruption. The government made changes to the tax and budget codes and is starting to clean up its banking system. The gov-ernment has also made reforms of the energy sector a top priority, adopting legislation to harmonize its natural gas markets with the EU’s and raising tariffs to incentivize more efficient en-ergy usage. 
Importantly, on Monday, November 
30, a new special anti-corruption pros-ecutor was appointed with the backing of the civil society, which is a big step forward in the fight against corruption. 
Despite progress on these fronts, 
much work remains, and the political commitment to combat corruption among Ukraine’s leaders is uneven. I acknowledge the pressure faced by the government. We all want to support Ukraine’s positive path, but the Ukrainian people need more concrete anti-corruption results—not just legis-
lation, not just commissions, as impor-tant as these are, but actual results. 
For example, there remain thousands 
of allegedly corrupt officials in the ju-dicial branch, where judges and pros-ecutors are susceptible to bribes. While corruption in Ukraine’s legal system cannot be resolved overnight, I urge Ukrainian officials to take measures that would remove these most egre-gious violators from the judicial branch and prosecutorial ranks and to retrain those who are not corrupt to build the next generation of jurists. 
The Government of Ukraine has 
taken positive steps in this regard, in-cluding the establishment of a con-stitutional commission tasked with re-calibrating the checks and balances be-tween the judiciary and the rest of the government. In September, the com-mission submitted new draft amend-ments to the Constitution on the jus-tice system. However, concerns remain regarding the independence and integ-rity of the judicial institutions, includ-ing the newly established institution, the High Council of Justice, or HCJ, which has been called the ‘‘gatekeeper to the court system.’’ 
It is critical that the civil society 
and watchdog organizations are em-powered to continue their work of holding the HCJ and elected officials accountable to ensure that any weak-ness in the checks and balances of the judicial system are not exploited for personal gain. 
I am also concerned about the proc-
ess for vetting the current pool of judges. The Government of Ukraine is developing standards for judicial re-appointment, which will be conducted by the HCJ. This process will test the political will of both the Government of Ukraine and the HCJ itself. Unfortu-nately, initial results are not positive. As of June of this year, the HCJ had re-ceived 2,200 complaints of judicial mis-conduct. Of this number, only 47 judges were disciplined and none were dis-missed. 
Ukrainian citizens expect a clean 
government that abides by the rule of law. In July, I wrote to President Poroshenko, urging him to make anti- corruption reforms a priority by con-sidering the appointment of a special anti-corruption prosecutor and special anti-corruption courts. While the gov-ernment recently selected a special anti-corruption prosecutor with the backing of the civil society, the gov-ernment must now ensure that this of-fice remains free from state influence and interference to fulfill its mandate to root out corruption within Ukraine. 
I commend President Poroshenko for 
listening to the demands of civil soci-ety and amending the composition of the selection committee to include two candidates backed by civil society, which led to the selection of Nazar Kholodnytskiy. This was a step in the right direction. However, the National Anti-Corruption Bureau of Ukraine itself is still woefully understaffed, which impacts its ability to fulfill its 
mandate to prosecute corrupt acts. I call on the Government of Ukraine to ensure that the National Anti-Corrup-tion Bureau of Ukraine is fully staffed and prosecuting cases without delay. 
Polls show that most Ukrainians 
confront petty corruption in their daily lives, and our focus on corruption at the national level should not dimin-ish the importance of programming that addresses corruption at the mu-nicipal and local levels. The Govern-ment of Ukraine must invest in train-ing and education to identify and root out petty corruption in higher edu-cation, health care, and law enforce-ment. A clear commitment to attack-ing corruption in health care, edu-cation, and law enforcement within a measurable framework will pay divi-dends for citizens across the country and will help to restore faith in Ukraine’s democratic institutions. 
The United States is prepared to 
make a long-term commitment to Ukraine and, along with our European partners, we can provide support to Ukraine’s efforts to tackle corruption within the judiciary, the civil service, and law enforcement while preparing these institutions to attract and retain talented individuals who are com-mitted to eradicating graft and entitle-ment. 
I firmly believe that Ukraine could 
be a case study for how a country with the political will can work with the international community to root out pervasive corruption, but that political will must manifest itself concretely and soon. When you look at public opinion polls in Ukraine, fighting cor-ruption is the Ukrainian people’s No. 1 demand. On this International Anti- Corruption Day, I look forward to sup-porting Ukraine’s leaders if they are willing and committed to answering this demand. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be recog-nized for such time as I might con-sume. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BURUNDI 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I am 
here today to speak a bit about Bu-rundi—something the Presiding Officer is familiar with. 
I had occasion to be in Burundi at 
their request some 16 years ago. At that time, the President’s name was Buyoya. He is not there anymore; they have changed Presidents. There is something going on there on which I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.028 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8522 December 9, 2015 
think the State Department has 
dropped the ball one more time in not interpreting, not understanding what the people of a country want: their self-determination. 
Despite its history of outside inter-
ference, civil wars, and social unrest, Burundi has emerged as a largely cohe-sive society, overcoming the ethnic di-visions that plagued it in the 20th cen-tury, back at the time when I was first there. 
On April 3, I led a congressional dele-
gation of six Members to Burundi, where we visited with President Nkurunziza. President Nkurunziza is in the middle of his second elected term in office. We talked to members of the Parliament, had really intimate rela-tions with the members of the Par-liament. We actually prayed together. We met together, and we got to know them quite well. 
We saw continued growth as a democ-
racy and signs of movement toward a diversified economy under the leader-ship of President Nkurunziza. He an-nounced on April 25 that he would run for President again and was met by in-creased protests and criticism from the international community, primarily led by us. Our State Department, the United Nations, and a few other coun-tries seem to think they know more about an independent nation than they know. So they were criticizing him for running for office again. 
Here is the problem: A provision in 
their Constitution says that no one can run for the Presidency of Burundi more than two times. The problem is that he was not elected the first time; he was appointed by Parliament. So essen-tially, yes, he was elected once, but he hadn’t been elected again until this re-cent election. But, again, why would we even want to get involved in it? 
On May 4, Burundi’s Constitutional 
Court ruled that President Nkurunziza’s first term did not count because he was picked by Parliament rather than elected by the people. That was followed by a failed coup, which took place right after that. 
Leading up to the Presidential elec-
tions, the Peace and Security Council of the African Union urged ‘‘all Burun-dian stakeholders to respect the deci-sion of the Constitutional Court, when delivered.’’ So now we have the African Union, we have the courts, and we have the people in an election talking about the fact that, yes, he is qualified to run a third time—all except our govern-ment, which wants to impose its de-sires on another country. 
On May 29, six of us were in Burundi. 
We voiced our support for the decision of Burundi’s Constitutional Court and called on the international community to support the court’s ruling. 
President Nkurunziza won his reelec-
tion for President on July 21; he got 69 percent of the vote. Instead of working with Burundi and its people, the inter-national community has been denounc-ing the election and stepped up pres-sure on the newly elected government via sanctions and withdrawal of sup-
port. The United States suspended military training in July. 
That is one of the things we do 
around the world that are really work-ing now—a train-and-equip program, going to the country and working with them, helping to train those individ-uals. Of course, when that happens, we have the allegiance of those countries. If we don’t do it, we can be sure that China or somebody else is going to do it. It is something that works. We withdrew that training. We are cre-ating vacuums that are going to be filled by people who might be prone to-ward terrorism. 
We suspended the military training. 
We announced that Burundi will no longer benefit from the trade pref-erences under the African Growth and Opportunity Act beginning in 2016 and sanctioned four individuals who have contributed to the turmoil, including threats to peace, security actions that undermine democratic institutions, and human rights abuses. 
I am concerned that the responses by 
the United States and the inter-national community will do more harm than good in terms of finding a resolu-tion to the current political crisis. Young people are going to be denied jobs. They are not going to have the economic opportunities to participate. 
According to a New York Times arti-
cle written on December 5, the violence seems to have shifted from what ap-peared to be government-sponsored to rebel-sponsored. ‘‘There have been more assassination attempts, more gre-nades tossed at government property and more random shootings . . . all thought to be the handiwork of the op-position.’’ 
Yesterday, December 8, nearly 100 
Burundian protesters who opposed President Nkurunziza during the months of violence in Bujumbura were released from prison. 
We have to continue to support and 
stand with the people of Burundi and their growth as a democratic nation. The United States and international community should support and encour-age a political resolution, not drive di-vision and further unrest. 
While the violence and the loss of life 
that has occurred in Burundi can’t be condoned, the situation could have been much worse if it were not for the actions taken by President Nkurunziza, the opposition forces, and the people of Burundi. 
I have been working to bring all par-
ties together to resolve their dif-ferences and was encouraged by com-ments made at Burundi’s National Prayer Breakfast by President Nkurunziza and the representatives of different political parties about look-ing forward and not looking back. There was tremendous applause. 
These countries on the continent of 
Africa meet in small groups on a reg-ular basis, in the Spirit of Jesus, actu-ally, and they have the National Pray-er Breakfast now. Except for the out-side interference, peace has been set-
tling in and people are living with the decision they made—of course, 69 per-cent of them having voted for this President. 
I echo Uganda’s President 
Museveni’s—whom we are very close to—confidence that a lasting solution to the conflict in Burundi will be found. I encourage all sides to meet to-gether in Kampala or have a meeting there as soon as possible to begin re-solving political differences. I consider President Museveni a friend. I believe he is the leader who can facilitate ef-forts to find a lasting solution to the political situation in Burundi. The way forward begins first with putting the elections behind us and acknowledging that Pierre Nkurunziza is the Presi-dent of Burundi; second, an immediate agreement by all sides to work to-gether to end the violence and to pro-vide the time needed to resolve dif-ferences in Kampala, and this also in-cludes the international community, which I charge to take positive actions to help enhance peace versus merely demanding it through punishment; and finally, beginning all-inclusive meet-ings in Kampala under the leadership of President Museveni from Uganda. 
I understand the fears that Burundi 
may regress toward ethnic violence, but I do not agree that it is a likely outcome of the current situation. We are going have to work on Burundi and not isolate it and its people. Only by working together to maintain stability and calm can we avoid widespread bloodshed, and the harshest critics are predicting that will come true. 
I know there are some good people 
there, but I have intimate relations with the leadership in many of the countries. I see what we are doing that is wrong. I remember that the same group of people—the United Nations, the State Department, and France—got involved in Cote d’Ivoire when Presi-dent Gbagbo had won a legitimate elec-tion. It was rigged by someone who wasn’t even from Cote d’Ivoire. 
I have been making several critical 
speeches on our involvement. It seems like we seem to want to impose our ideas on other countries when it is not to their best interest. I want everyone to be aware that this is a problem that is real. 
f 
PARIS CLIMATE CHANGE 
CONFERENCE 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I just 
found out that supposedly the big party that is taking place in Paris—it is interesting. For those people who are not familiar with this issue, the United Nations puts on a big party every year. This is the 21st year that they have done this. It goes back to the Kyoto treaty and to the fact that through the United Nations they have been trying to develop some type of a thing where global warming is coming and it is going to be the end of the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.032 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8523 December 9, 2015 
I remember way back when I was 
chairing a subcommittee that had ju-risdiction over this type of an area, back when this first started. We might remember when Al Gore came back, and they had developed this thing called the Kyoto treaty. They signed it on behalf of the United States, but they never submitted it to be con-
firmed by the Senate. Obviously, that is something that has to happen. They now are going to go in there to do a cli-mate agreement. It was a real shocker on November 11 when the Secretary of State John Kerry made a public state-ment that the United States would not be a part of anything that is binding on the United States. The President of France didn’t know that. He went into shock. He said that the Secretary must have been confused. They had to rec-oncile themselves at that time. That was 2 weeks before people arrived for the big party in Paris. They decided that we will put together something where we can have an understanding of what we want to do in the future— nothing binding. 
The reason I am mentioning this now 
is that this afternoon there is supposed to be a plan that is going to be un-veiled that is going to reflect what they want everybody to do with this. I want to keep one thing in mind. The last event I went to was in Copen-hagen. They are designed to try to get 192 countries to agree that the world is coming to an end and that we are going to have to do something about cap and trade to stop the global warming. This has been going on for a long time. There are significant problems that re-main. The negotiators can’t agree on whether it is binding or what part of the agreement might be binding and still comply with our laws and con-stitutional restrictions. They can’t agree on financing. 
This morning, in order to entice the 
developing countries, Secretary Kerry, on behalf of the President, announced that the United States would con-tribute another $800 million a year to help developing countries adapt to the effects of climate change. Let’s keep in mind that this is in addition to the $3 billion that the President expects Con-gress to appropriate to this cause. 
Yesterday, in Paris, EPA Adminis-
trator Gina McCarthy again misrepre-sented to the international community the EPA’s authority and confidence in the U.S. commitments. The highlight of her remarks was her claim that ‘‘the Clean Power Plan will stick and is here to stay.’’ When attending international delegates asked questions about their legal vulnerability and the possibility of the future administration changing anything that is adopted by this ad-ministration, she reportedly walked around the question and many in the audience were upset that she wouldn’t answer the question. The reason she wouldn’t is because there is no answer to it. 
I chair the committee called the En-
vironment and Public Works Com-mittee. We have the jurisdiction over 
these things. When the President came out with the Clean Power Plan, we said: All right, you are saying that you are committing the United States to a 28-percent reduction in CO
2emissions 
by 2025. How are you going to get there? 
They wouldn’t say. No one to this 
day has talked about how they are going to do it. He said: Let’s have a hearing. 
We are the committee of jurisdiction. 
I don’t recall any time when a bureauc-racy that is in a committee’s jurisdic-tion refused to testify, but they did refuse to testify. I think we all know why. We know there is no way of com-ing up with that type of a commit-ment. If you have all these costs and what it is going to cost us, does it ad-dress climate change? The Clean Power Plan will have no impact on the envi-ronment. It would reduce CO
2emis-
sions by less than 0.2 percent. It would reduce the rise of global temperature by less than one one-hundredth of a de-gree Fahrenheit, and it would reduce the sea level rise by the thickness of two sheets of paper. In fact, the EPA has testified before the environment committee that the Clean Power Plan is more about sending a signal that we are serious about addressing climate change than it is about clearing up pol-lution. The Justice Department re-quested that the DC Circuit Court of Appeals not rule on the Clean Power Plan, the principal domestic policy which supports our commitments to the climate conference, until after the conference concludes. 
What they did was they went to the 
courts, knowing that the courts were going to be acting on this power plan and probably acting against it, and they didn’t want that to happen before the party in France. I think it is the biggest signal to the international community that the administration lacks the confidence in their own rules. 
Administrator McCarthy also 
claimed that the next administration cannot simply undo the Clean Power Plan because of the extensive comment period supporting the rule. The inter-national community is not fooled by this either. Congress disagrees. Not only can Congress withhold funding from any element of an agreement that the administration refuses to send to Congress for approval, but the Congress has explicitly rejected the Clean Power Plan in the bipartisan Congressional Review Act, saying that we do not agree with this and we want to do away with this Clean Power Plan before it is finalized. 
That should be the signal to the peo-
ple who are at the party in Paris. I think that a lot of them do understand that. Even President Obama is now conceding that specific targets each country is setting to reduce greenhouse gas emissions may not have the force of treaties. He is hoping that 5 years or some type of periodic reviews of those countries would be in the form of a binding commitment. But even if that 
is the case, that would merely be a re-view. Although the European Union and 107 developing countries are hoping for a legally binding long-term deal with review mechanisms and billions of dollars, any truly binding agreement must be sent to the Senate for ap-proval. 
Back when they first went down on 
the Kyoto treaty, we had the Byrd- Hagel rule. The Byrd-Hagel rule says that we are not going to ratify any treaty if it either is bad on our econ-omy or it doesn’t apply to countries such as China. So they have to do the same thing that we are doing. That passed 95 to 0. That was way back at the turn of the century. 
Everyone knows that he can’t unilat-
erally do these things, even though he tries. In 1992, when the Senate ap-proved President H.W. Bush’s agree-ment to have the United States partici-pate in the conference of parties—that is the one that is going on right now, the 21st one—the process, any emis-sions, targets or requirements were going to have to be approved by the Senate. This is the President who was in charge at that time, George H.W. Bush. That was the agreement in 1992, and that agreement hasn’t changed. Legally binding agreements must go before the Senate for consideration, and there is no way around it. 
This is the message I conveyed when 
I attended the COP convention in 2009 in Copenhagen, and nothing has changed since that time. Nothing is happening over there now. They are having a good time. I am sure there are 
lots to drink and lots to eat, but that party will be over. 
Let me share one experience I had. I 
have been very active in Africa for a number of years. There is an office-holder in the tiny country in West Af-rica of Benin. I saw him at the conven-tion that was in Copenhagen. 
I said: What are you doing here? You 
don’t believe all this stuff. 
He said: No, but they are passing out 
hundreds of billions of dollars, and we want to get some of ours. Besides that, this is the biggest party of the year. 
Enjoy your party over there. Nothing 
is going to happen. Nothing binding is going to take place on this issue. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
f 
EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS BILL 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor today to congratulate my colleagues on passage of the repeal and replacement of No Child Left Behind, the Every Child Succeeds Act. In par-ticular, I want to thank Chairman A
LEXANDER and Ranking Member M UR-
RAY. It is really an example of how 
things can work in the Senate when we put our minds to trying to get to good policy instead of simply trying to get to good politics. There is a lot of poli-tics surrounding early childhood edu-cation and elementary education. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.035 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8524 December 9, 2015 
There is a lot of hyperbole out there 
about the role the Federal Government should play in local education—issues such as the common core. Yet we were able to set aside all of those poten-tially inflammatory and toxic politics and get to a bill that despite those challenges has broad consensus from Republicans and Democrats. It ends up 
in a place that is really going to sup-port a lot of teachers, students, parents and administrators out there. 
When you look at that vote tally, it 
is impressive. It is a piece of legisla-tion that has been able to unite pro-gressive Democrats and conservative Republicans. In many ways it is a cred-it in this Chamber to debate that Sen-ator A
LEXANDER and Senator M URRAY  
set us upon. They were determined to get to a product that both parties could support. When you start with the idea that we can achieve a bipartisan solution, rather than your starting point being having a debate in order to maximize political impact and political division, it is miraculous what we get. We can all be blamed for falling into that trap far too often. 
Mr. President, like you, my entire 
life has been spent in and around public education. I went to Connecticut’s pub-lic schools. My mother was a public school teacher. My wife is a former public school teacher. I have two beau-tiful boys—one of whom is in the public school system as well. As it is for many of us, this conversation is deeply per-sonal. It is also deeply personal for me as someone who is going to raise two boys in a country whose greatness de-pends more than ever on the quality of our public schools. The reality is that when my great-grandfather got off of a boat and showed up in New Britain, CT, he was guaranteed to get a good job in one of the ball bearing factories there, regardless of his education. He could get a good wage, a pension, and a de-cent health care benefit without a lot of skills that he couldn’t learn on the job inside that factory. 
Of course, our economy has radically 
changed since those days. We are lucky that we have declining unemployment. We are lucky we continue to grow jobs, as we have over the course of the last several years. They are totally dif-ferent kinds of jobs than were available to my forefathers, immigrants who came to this country from places such as Ireland and Poland and worked in those factories. We now have jobs that require highly skilled professionals. We are competitive globally, not because of the price of our workforce but be-cause of the productivity, competence, and educational level of our workforce. We are more dependent now than ever on the quality and capacity of our workforce, which is, of course, dictated by the quality and capacity of our edu-cational system. So getting an edu-cation policy right is not just about serving kids; it is about serving our economy. 
The fact is, we have been doing a dis-
service to students and teachers all across America since the passage of No 
Child Left Behind. This is a law that by and large was a disaster for us in Con-necticut. I am somebody who believes that a strong Federal Government can play a beneficial role in people’s lives, whether it is smoothing out the rough edges of the financial system, building roads and bridges, or protecting Amer-ica from attacks, but the Federal Gov-ernment has not done a good job in guaranteeing universal, quality edu-cation. Why? Because bureaucrats in Washington ultimately have a hard time intersecting with the provision of a service which has largely been ad-ministered at a local level. The pre-scriptive rules that were inherent in No Child Left Behind haven’t matched the realities of how Connecticut as-sesses schools and student performance or how we think it is best to turn schools around. 
No Child Left Behind did at least 
have one redeeming quality. The legis-lation required an assessment of every single student no matter where they lived, what their background was, or what their learning ability was. The law did shed light on some unjustifi-able, unconscionable disparities that existed in this country, and it put pres-sure on school districts and States to address those disparities. The law brought attention to the fact that there were disparities, such as the fact that the graduation rate for African Americans in this country is 16 points lower than that of their white peers. The results showed disparities with Latino fourth graders. Only 25 percent of them are meeting expectations for their grade level in math, which is half the rate of their white peers. 
The law also shed light on the prac-
tices within school districts, such as school discipline. If you are an African American and commit the exact same offense in this country inside of a school, you are twice as likely to get suspended or expelled as your white peer. 
No Child Left Behind forced us to un-
derstand, recognize, and address those disparities. The challenge with this re-peal and rewrite was to hand control back to States and local districts with-out removing the imperative to iden-tify those disparities and cure them. 
I voted against the version of this 
bill that was originally passed by the U.S. Senate, and I did so because I la-bored under the belief, as a member of the HELP Committee, that it is not worth passing a national education law if it isn’t also a civil rights law. I wasn’t convinced that we had that bal-ance in the bill that initially came be-fore the Senate. I am grateful to Chair-man A
LEXANDER , Ranking Member 
MURRAY , Representatives K LINE, 
SCOTT, and others who managed to get 
that balance right in the conference committee. 
Today we were able to pass a bill 
that is both a proper return of author-ity to the States and a preservation of civil rights protections that are going to guarantee the perpetuity of the 
small, positive legacies of No Child Left Behind. 
What we have in the bill is a recogni-
tion that school systems should iden-tify the 5 percent of schools that are the lowest performing schools and have specific plans to attack those schools and turn them around. Those interven-tions will be decided at the local and State level rather than at the Federal level. 
There is a requirement in this bill to 
identify what we call dropout fac-tories—schools in which a dispropor-tionate number of students show up freshman year but don’t graduate. Similarly, States have to have a plan to turn those schools around, dictated by decisions that are made at the local level. 
Lastly, this bill contains a provision 
that requires us to continue to track the performance of certain subsets of students, whether they are minority students, disabled students, poor stu-dents, or non-English speaking stu-dents. Again, it requires those vulner-able populations that may not be hit-ting the goals that are set by the State or school district to have interventions to try to do better. All of the account-ability will occur locally, but the man-date is to pay attention to those lower performing schools or those popu-lations that sometimes get the short end of the stick within a school system or State educational system and ensure that they get special attention. 
I think this is the right balance. This 
is a bill that rightfully returns power to States and school districts but re-tains civil rights protections that have been the foundation of our Federal edu-cation policy since the 1950s and 1960s. 
I am also happy that there were a 
number of other civil rights wins in this bill. States have to note on their report cards indicators of school cli-mate and safety. They have to disclose rates of suspension and expulsion, school-based arrests, and referrals to law enforcement so we can get a better handle on whether minority students are being treated fairly when it comes school discipline policies. 
States have to submit plans on how 
they will reduce the use of discipline practices that threaten student safety, including seclusion and restraint. In-creasingly, school districts are relying on the restraint of kids by binding their hands and feet or the seclusion of children by locking them in padded rooms as a means of discipline. In al-most all cases, those means of dis-cipline make the underlying behavior worse, not better. They disproportion-ately affect disabled kids and children with autism whose school districts un-fortunately don’t understand their stu-dents’ issues as well as they should. This legislation will require States to submit plans as to how they will re-duce the use of seclusion and restraint. 
Finally, this bill retains the require-
ment that every kid, regardless of learning ability, should be expected to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.036 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8525 December 9, 2015 
meet the same standard. This bill still 
allows for 1 percent of students to take an alternate assessment, but it re-quires the majority of special edu-cation students, or students with learning disabilities, to be tested against their nondisabled peers. They will have to compete against their non-disabled peers in the workforce, so they should be measured against their non-disabled peers while they are in the school system. Those are all important wins as well. 
In the end, as someone who was edu-
cated in the public school system and spent his lifetime around teachers, I know that No Child Left Behind not only sucked the effectiveness out of schools, but it also sucked the joy out of learning and teaching because so much of it was driven toward that test which became the only measurement of what a good school is. 
I am a parent who is deeply involved 
in looking at schools and deciding which one is right for my kid. While I pay attention to the test scores that come out of that school, that is not the beginning and end of my analysis. I 
take careful pains to meet with the ad-ministrators, talk to other parents, look at their curriculum, and look at other measurements, such as attend-ance and graduation rates, in order to build a full picture of what a good school is. 
Now States will be able to devise sys-
tems of measuring schools that mirror the way almost every responsible par-ent measures schools—in a comprehen-sive, robust way that doesn’t just look at that test. Perhaps more impor-tantly, as we try to grow a healthy economy that recognizes the strengths we have and the quality of our work-force under this new law, the Every Child Succeeds Act, we will be able to create a new generation that will have great innovators, great leaders, great mold breakers, and not just great test takers. 
Congratulations to Senator A
LEX-
ANDER and Senator M URRAY , and many 
others, like Senator B OOKER and Sen-
ator W ARREN , who worked closely with 
me on the accountability provisions. 
This is a really important day for 
teachers, students, and parents all across the country. It is also a pretty good day for us when we get to come together and do something very impor-tant in a bipartisan pay way. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak in morning business for 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. BIPARTISAN SPORTSMEN’S ACT 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
have come to the floor to speak about a measure that has moved through the Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee. This legislation is a pretty sig-nificant bipartisan accomplishment and I would like to share our progress with my colleagues. 
On November 19, our committee re-
ported S. 556. We refer to it as the Sportsmen’s Act. This is a measure I have been working on, and we were able to report it out by voice vote. This is a bill that would benefit millions of sportsmen and sportswomen all across our country. It includes some key items within our jurisdiction that are part of a broader Sportsmen’s package. That portion is being worked on by an-other committee. I have been working on our iteration of this bill with Sen-ator H
EINRICH of New Mexico, and I 
truly appreciate his leadership, his sup-port, and his guidance on this measure. 
As many Members in this Chamber 
are aware, the broader Sportsmen’s bill has had a long history of bipartisan support in the Senate, but year after year it has failed to advance for a host of different reasons. It has been the victim of political brinkmanship in what for years was a Chamber that wasn’t working, but I think this year is different. I outlined some of the suc-cesses yesterday when I came to speak on the floor and I think we are getting back to regular order. The committees are working hard—certainly the En-ergy and Natural Resources Committee is working hard—and we are working to advance legislation to go to the floor, whether it is this Sportsmen’s bill or whether it is our Energy Policy Modernization Act that we reported out of the committee on an 18-to-4 margin back in July. 
Our Sportsmen’s Act is the latest ex-
ample of a bipartisan bill that encom-passes both good policy and good proc-ess. I think both of those are key. Staff from both sides of our committee—and the Sportsmen’s Caucus, which is led by Senator R
ISCH and Senator 
MANCHIN , worked diligently with out-
side stakeholders to improve and refine the bill. So I want to briefly summarize some of the contents found within the Sportsmen’s Act. 
First, we included a congressional 
declaration of national policy to re-quire all Federal agencies and depart-ments to facilitate the expansion and the enhancement of hunting, fishing, and recreational shooting on Federal lands. This is our clear goal. It is a pretty clear and explicit direction for the executive branch. 
The next component within the bill— 
and this is the heart of the bill—is a provision we are referring to as ‘‘open unless closed.’’ Through these, we are setting a new national standard, and that standard is that our Federal lands will be open unless they are closed. They are going to be open unless they are closed, not closed due to bureau-cratic inertia. What we are trying to do is pretty simple. We are trying to allow 
all Americans to be able to access and enjoy their public lands. Under our bill, if Federal lands are going to be closed even temporarily, agencies will have to notify the public and provide opportu-nities for meaningful public comment. The agencies, whether they are the BLM or the Forest Service, will need to justify any proposed closures and ad-dress issues that have been raised by the public. 
Our bill will also prevent temporary 
closures from becoming permanent by limiting any of these designations to just 180 days. Currently the BLM can close lands for 2 years and does not guarantee the opportunity for any pub-lic comment. BLM has acknowledged to us that they regularly implement what they call temporary closures while they prepare the paperwork to make them permanent. My Sports-men’s Act will allow BLM and the For-est Service to renew temporary clo-sures, but they can only do it up to three times. Each and every time they do so, we are going to require them to engage in a public comment and notifi-cation process. What this ‘‘open unless closed’’ policy does is it reverses the practice of public lands being closed until opened or closed altogether. As a result of it, our sportsmen and sports-
women will have increased access to our public lands, they will have a real voice in decisions regarding any tem-porary closure, and they will also re-ceive justifications for any temporary closures that are deemed necessary. So we are providing a more fulsome public process but also a more genuine oppor-tunity for access to our public lands. 
My Sportsmen’s bill also addresses 
concerns raised about the unnecessary difficulty of securing permission for commercial filming on our public lands. Among other steps in the bill, we require the publication of a single joint land use fee schedule within 180 days, but we also say there are small crews that shouldn’t have to go through this big rigmarole and pay this big fee. So small film crews of three or fewer people will be exempt from hav-ing to pay a fee. 
I have heard a lot of stories about the 
horrors some of our outfitters or guides have experienced while they were try-ing to film some kind of promo-type material on a trip. Agencies are mak-
ing them jump through hoops by tell-ing them that they need a separate per-mit and have to pay additional fees. It gets to the point where you can’t take a video or a picture on our public lands. That is just wrong. These folks already have a permit to be out there, and filming may be incidental to that. 
In this bill we ensure that small 
crews and businesses can film on public lands without having to pay to do it. That seems pretty reasonable and fair to me. We also protect First Amend-ment rights by preventing content from becoming a factor in issuing per-mits, and we protect free speech by clarifying that journalism is not com-mercial activity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.038 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8526 December 9, 2015 
Some might say: What is this issue 
all about? Think about it. If you have an agency that doesn’t want to have filming or pictures in a certain part of a wilderness area or certain part of public land because a different story might be told that doesn’t fit with the agency’s view, that is not right. This bill will ensure that we are not going to regulate content in terms of wheth-er or not a permit is issued. 
I will give a specific example of why 
this is needed. Back in 2014, a producer for Oregon Public Broadcasting wanted to film a piece in the Willamette Na-tional Forest to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Wilderness Act. To ensure that the piece had the ‘‘primary purpose of dissemination of informa-tion about the use and enjoyment of wilderness,’’ officials from the Forest Service asked to review the script. They wanted to look at the script be-fore issuing a permit. That was not right. I believe giving Federal officials veto power over content can have a very chilling effect on journalism. 
The final title of the Sportsmen’s 
Act—this is a new title we came up with in committee—provides for re-forms in the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund—LWCF. The reforms in the bill do not go as far as I would like to see them go, but they do reflect what our committee could agree on. 
We also agreed to reauthorize the 
Historic Preservation Fund and to cre-ate a fund to address the maintenance backlog at the National Park Service. This is the same language we included in the broad, bipartisan Energy bill back in July—the same language now incorporated as part of the sportsmen’s bill. 
As I said before, my own proposal to 
reauthorize LWCF would look different from what our committee reported. When LWCF was created decades ago, monies were to be allocated each year so that Federal agencies would receive no less than 40 percent. States were to receive 60 percent. But what has hap-pened in the ensuing years is that now nearly 85 percent of LWCF dollars have gone to Federal land acquisition, and we are not seeing the original congres-sional intent being met. Again, keep in mind that when LWCF was first cre-ated, it was going to be so that Federal agencies would get about 40 percent and States would get about 60 percent. We have now turned that on its head. 
What our LWCF title does is recog-
nize that States are leaders on recre-ation and conservation. Our reforms are trying to restore balance to the State-Federal split by ensuring that at least 40 percent of LWCF dollars are al-located to States for the State-based programs, including the traditional stateside program. This is an improve-ment, in my mind, but doesn’t go far enough to restore the original congres-sional intent. 
The title also recognizes the impor-
tance of accessing existing Federal lands and sets aside the greater of 1.5 percent or $10 million per year to im-prove access for sportsmen. This is an 
important provision for our sports men and women. 
Like many western Members, I re-
main concerned about Federal acquisi-tion. In Alaska, close to 63 percent of our lands are already controlled by the Federal Government. To begin to ad-dress the issue, the LWCF title also emphasizes conservation easements. This will keep lands in private owner-ship as working lands and will require agencies to take into account certain considerations when acquiring lands, including whether the acquisition would result in management effi-ciencies and cost savings. 
To prioritize the backlog of deferred 
maintenance needs, this title estab-lishes a National Park Service Mainte-nance and Revitalization Conservation Fund. This fund will help shift our focus to a more appropriate place, which is taking care of the lands we al-ready have rather than an endless ac-quisition of new acreage. 
Our country is fortunate to have an 
abundance of lands that are designated for recreation, conservation, and pres-ervation. It is time we reached a con-sensus on how to care for and how to manage them. I believe we can do that best by allocating more than 40 percent of the LWCF to State-based programs. 
People on the ground, who see what 
is happening day in and day out, pro-vide the greatest insight into manage-ment, and we should recognize that. We should pair increased funding for State-based programs with increased authority for States to manage public lands. And we should consider giving Governors a say on Federal land acqui-sitions. After all, these are their States we are talking about—and opportuni-ties for all sorts of activities on their land—are often affected by these deci-sions. 
The LWCF reforms in the sports-
men’s bill are a step in the right direc-tion. I believe they provide a greater framework for further discussion. If we work hard and work together, we can agree on additional reforms to make LWCF even more effective in the years to come. 
Those of us on the Energy and Nat-
ural Resources Committee have now completed our work on the Sports-men’s Act, and that brings us to the next step, which will be taken by our friends on the Environment and Public Works Committee. They are now con-sidering a separate bill, S. 659, with provisions that are jurisdictional to them. I think it is fair to say that EPW’s portion of the sportsmen’s bill is also quite vital. 
As I wrap up, there is one provision I 
would like to call attention to briefly, and that is the reauthorization of the North American Wetlands Conserva-tion Act. The NAWCA program helps conserve waterfowl, fish, and wildlife through partnerships involving govern-ments, nonprofits, and community groups. In Alaska, we are not in any danger of running out of wetlands and this program has funded a lot of good 
wetlands projects in my State. For ex-ample, on the Kenai Peninsula, part-ners in the private sector provided $1.6 million to match and exceed an $800,000 grant provided through NAWCA. Those funds were then used to implement habitat protection for over 300 acres of land along the Kenai River. 
I think it is important that we reau-
thorize this program and provide fund-ing to it so we can see important work like this continue, particularly in States that have fewer wetlands and thus have greater need for conserva-tion. 
NAWCA is just one of the provisions 
the EPW Committee can and hopefully will report in the future. Once their work is complete, all who support America’s sportsmen and sportswomen and all of us here in the Senate who are sports men and women ourselves, should look forward to considering the full Sportsmen’s Act here on the floor next year. 
I am pleased that we are on a better 
track for this legislation in the 114th Congress. I again thank the many Members who have worked with us to get S. 556 to where it is today. As a re-sult of this good work, millions of hunters, fishermen, recreational shoot-ers, and other outdoor enthusiasts will soon have greater access and greater opportunities on our public lands and Federal lands, and I think that is something we should all be proud to support. 
Mr. President, I see that my col-
league from New Jersey is here. I think my time has expired. I do have a fur-ther statement about a truly mighty Alaskan leader who has been known throughout the education community in the State of Alaska who passed just yesterday at the age of 100. The death of Sidney Huntington in Galena, AK, is news that has brought great sadness to us all. 
In deference to my colleague from 
New Jersey and in recognizing his time, I would like to come back to the floor later this afternoon and provide tribute to a great man who provided so much in terms of leadership and direc-tion to so many, whether they be Alas-kan Native children in the small, re-mote, rural communities or in our urban centers. It is fair to say that as of yesterday, we have lost a great Alas-kan, and our hearts go out to him and his family. I look forward to coming back to the floor later to provide great-er tribute to the great Sidney Hun-tington. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
f 
ZADROGA BILL FUNDING 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, as 
we are all awaiting those who are nego-tiating a multibillion-dollar omnibus package and tax extender package, I wanted to come to the floor at this time of the year, as we approach the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.042 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8527 December 9, 2015 
holidays, and say that it would be un-
conscionable that we would go home to celebrate with our families without doing everything we can to make sure we send a clear and unambiguous mes-sage to our first responders—in the name of Jim Zadroga from New Jersey, for whom the 9/11 bill, the Zadroga bill, is named, and all those who responded on that fateful day—that we will never forget what they did for our fellow citi-zens, for this Nation on September 11, the day that changed the world. 
We shouldn’t have had to wait this 
long for the law to expire. At the same time, we are being told that we can’t pass the legislation because we have to offset it. Yet we are talking about passing an $800 billion tax package, much of which goes to large corpora-tions. I haven’t heard any of my col-leagues speak about the need to pay for this nearly trillion-dollar package which will deprive the Federal Treas-ury of anywhere between $800 billion and $1 trillion. Only the men and women who put their lives on the line on September 11 and the days that fol-lowed are waiting for Congress to act because we supposedly have to pay for the way in which we take care of their health care or the way in which we take care of the families, for those who lose a loved one as a result of the tox-ins and other circumstances that have led to their illnesses, that have led to their deaths. And unfortunately, we have seen a rising number of those in-dividuals who responded on that fateful day who have died, including one very recently. 
I don’t understand how the rules 
don’t apply to large corporations that will reap billions of dollars, but some-how those rules are asserted when we are trying to take care of the men and women who responded on that fateful day of September 11. I don’t understand how there is any moral equivalency be-tween them. There is none, and no one can claim there is any. 
None of us can leave Washington for 
the holidays without passing this bill. 
I would remind my colleagues of the 
immortal words of Charles Dickens in ‘‘A Christmas Carol’’: 
I have always thought of Christmas time, 
when it has come round as a good time: a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time: the only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on their journeys. 
We should keep those words in mind 
as we approach the holidays. Beyond that, this isn’t about the holiday spir-it, it is about obligation. We should ac-
cept our profound, collective responsi-bility—not charity but responsibility— to act on this legislation. If we do not, and if we continue to insist on pay-for provisions when we don’t insist on the same provisions that would provide benefits to America’s largest corpora-tions to the tune of hundreds of bil-lions of dollars, we should be ashamed of ourselves. I don’t know which one of my col-
leagues can go to a September 11 com-memoration and look those first re-sponders in the eye. I don’t know how you do that. The reauthorization bill I have cosponsored is necessary to pro-vide the security and reassurances to those first responders that these crit-ical programs will last longer than just what the next couple of months’ fund-ing will provide. It also permanently lists the statute of limitations on the Victim Compensation Fund to provide for those first responders and their families who need access beyond next year and, very importantly, it exempts these key programs from the budget se-questration cuts. The sequestration, which I voted against, imposes arbi-trary and capricious cuts to funding that will continue to provide care and support for those September 11 heroes who sacrificed everything to help those in need on that tragic day. 
The fact is, Congress must act. I 
don’t think we should wait for a public outcry before we ensure that these he-roes receive the care and support they deserve. I don’t think we should wait for a future tragedy to observe what we should have done. The brave men and women who rushed into the towers to save others did not wait or hesitate to respond. They did not think about themselves. They did not think about the risk. They valiantly responded, and we—we—should not hesitate or wait to respond to their needs. To do so would be absolutely shameful. 
With that, I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING DR. SIDNEY 
CHARLES HUNTINGTON 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I wish to take a 
few minutes this afternoon to pay trib-ute to an amazing Alaskan, a man who lived a life that many would say was remarkable. Yet I think in his humble words he would respond that he just lived his life and did the best he could. 
Dr. Sidney Charles Huntington was 
truly a great Alaskan. He died yester-day at the age of 100 years old in Ga-lena, AK, which is on the Yukon River. 
Sidney Huntington was a respected 
Athabascan elder. He was a culture bearer. He was a role model—definitely a role model. He was a mentor to so many, not only in his village but in his region and in his State. He was a pro-lific storyteller. He was a philosopher. He had words of wisdom. He was a res-ervoir of traditional knowledge. He was an outdoorsman who knew, understood, loved, and feared the land. He was a businessman. He was truly a public servant, especially when it came to 
education and conservation, and he was a warrior in the fight against youth suicide. These are just some of the words by which we remember one of our State’s most treasured, cultural icons. 
Sidney Huntington was known to his 
family and his friends as Grandpa Sid, and probably, for many good reasons, he had a lot of grandkids. There were the personal stories, and I think as we reflect on the 100 years of this great Alaskan, we will begin to share these many stories and tributes. He was cer-tainly a savvy poker player. That is going to come out. He was a very gen-erous man. 
We were talking about him earlier 
today in my office. He was one of those guys who would truly give the shirt off his back. Sidney once encountered a young Native student who he thought had left the village and gone off to school, and the young man said: I couldn’t go because I need to stay home and earn some money. Sidney lit-erally took out his wallet, gave him eight hundred-dollar bills, and he told him to get to school. That was vintage Sidney. School was important. School had to be a priority, and Sidney wasn’t going to let the fact that this young man thought he needed to stay home and make money stop him from going to school. He literally took out his wal-let and solved the problem. 
Sidney Huntington was one tough 
Alaskan. He was a man of very impec-cable standards. He told it like it was. He would hold back not one iota. 
I was in Galena after they had experi-
enced some terrible flooding several years back, and the community had come together to talk about the FEMA response, how that was working with the State. You had the Federal Agency reps, you had the State people, and ev-erybody was trying to figure out how to get through a difficult situation. Sidney Huntington—not sitting in the back of the room but sitting right up front at that table—said: By gosh, we have to get to work. No mincing words about it; he told it like it truly was. He was hardy. He was determined. He was very resilient. He was the real deal. 
I was very privileged to know Sidney, 
and I was honored to be called his friend. That is quite an honor because you didn’t choose Sidney to be your friend. Sidney chose you. He had iden-tified me as somebody who could not only be helpful but that he could relate to, that we could have conversation back and forth. 
It wasn’t too many years ago that I 
flew into Galena. Galena is a very small village on the Yukon River, as I mentioned. You fly into the little air-port there. I went to the very small terminal, and there was Sidney sitting on a chair right outside the little air-
port terminal. 
I asked him: Where are you going, 
Sidney? I am sorry you are not going to be here while I am visiting Galena. 
And he said: No, no, no. I am here be-
cause I have some talking to do with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.044 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8528 December 9, 2015 
you. Where are we on some of these 
education things? He was talking to me about No Child Left Behind. So Sidney was like: I am not going to miss her coming to Galena and perhaps not get-ting a chance to talk to her. He wasn’t leaving. He was parked there to visit. 
If Sidney Huntington chose to call 
you a friend, you didn’t take it for granted, and you accepted that gift with great humility. I think about the relationships, the friendships I have made over the years. I can say nothing can make me, a third-generation Alas-kan, feel more like an Alaskan than knowing I had earned the respect of Sidney Huntington. 
Eric Mack, a journalist who worked 
in Galena, tells the story of how Sid-ney managed to survive when his snow machine fell through the ice. He was coming back from a trip. He had been out tending his trap line, and it was cold. It was about 30 degrees below zero. It was night. It was dark. He was on his snow machine. His snow ma-chine went through a hole in the ice into a shallow section of the Yukon, and he was a long way from home. He dragged that snow machine out of the water, out of the icy water by himself. He made a fire from the gasoline and some frozen wood he had, and he kept himself from freezing to death. Think about how you do all of that. That is one tough Alaskan there. 
Sidney Huntington was born in 
Huslia, which is on the Koyukuk River. He was born in 1915 to a Scots-Irish fa-ther who arrived from New York in 1897 to participate in the Gold Rush. His mother was Athabascan Indian. Sid-ney’s mother died when Sidney was about 5 years old, and for about 2 weeks it left Sidney and two younger siblings to survive in the wilderness. Think about that. 
This is all laid out in an exceptional 
book that Sidney wrote called ‘‘Shad-ows on the Koyukuk.’’ The details in the opening chapters are about the sit-uation when he, as the oldest of three children, at 5 years old, was in a cabin in the middle of the wilderness with his mother and his mother died. At 5, he was the only one to care for his two siblings. This was the beginning of, again, a remarkable life for a remark-able man. 
His father lived off the land as a trap-
per and a trader, and so the stories that are shared through Sidney’s book, again, are just remarkable about what was happening in Alaska in the early 1900s. Sidney and his siblings first were sent to the Anvik Mission for school-ing, and then he later attended the BIA school at Eklutna. He basically got the equivalent of a third-grade education. That was it. That was it for his formal schooling—third grade. 
You need to keep that in mind as I 
talk about the rest of Sidney’s story and his life. When he was 12 years old he returned to help his father work the trap line and learn the subsistence life-style, so he was out in the middle of Alaska. He was out in the wilderness. He was not in school. By the age of 16 
he was earning a living hunting and trapping and at age 22 he went to work in a gold mine. In 1963 Sidney moved to Galena to work for the Air Force as a carpenter, and then in the 1970s he went into the fish-processing business. So he had been everything. He had been a gold miner, he had been a carpenter, he had been in fish processing, he had been a hunter and a trapper and a sub-
sistence guy. He was truly living a tra-ditional life in rural Alaska, sustaining himself and his family through a mix-ture of subsistence and participation in the cash economy. Many around the State share this life story, but that was just one dimension of Sidney. 
This man, who had the equivalent of 
a third-grade education, served two decades on the Alaska boards of fish and game. In 1993 he published the best-selling biography I just mentioned entitled ‘‘Shadows on the Koyukuk.’’ In fact, this book he wrote is so good, is so compelling, it is the book I take around to the high schools when I go to visit students. I never leave a school visit without leaving something there, and I leave a book for their library. The book I have chosen to leave with students all over the State is ‘‘Shadows on the Koyukuk’’ because of the amaz-ing accomplishments of this amazing Alaskan. 
The University of Alaska Fairbanks 
in 1989 awarded Sidney an honorary doctorate in public service. Here again is an extraordinarily accomplished man, a man with a third-grade edu-cation, focused on public service, edu-cation, helping his community, his State, and publishing a best-selling bi-ography. 
Through the University of Alaska 
system, Sidney participated in oral his-tory interviews that will be examined by historians and students for decades to home. 
He was truly the stuff of which leg-
ends are made. Alaska holds a lot of legends. It is a big State with tall sto-ries. But Sidney, once again, was the real deal. His life was a profile of cour-age and inspiration. It has not only been chronicled in books and inter-views—it was even played out in the-ater in a stage play called ‘‘The Winter Bear.’’ 
‘‘The Winter Bear’’ tells the fictional 
story of a young Native man who con-templated suicide. In this play, this young Native man is sentenced to cut wood for Sidney Huntington. Making a pact with Sidney to live, he goes on to construct a traditional bear spear under Sidney’s guidance. That spear is used to bring down this marauding bear. But Sidney is injured in the inci-dent, and the young man, who is very insular and very afraid of public speak-ing, must now speak for Sidney before thousands of people at the Alaska Fed-eration of Natives convention. At this point, the young man finds himself and his voice, recognizes the value of his life, and emerges as a leader. 
While this play, ‘‘The Winter Bear,’’ 
may be fictional, Sidney Huntington’s experience with suicide is absolutely 
not. In real life, Sidney lost children to suicide. He grieved for them every day and shared his loss with schoolchildren who visited his cabin. As we visited in quiet conversations, he shared with me the loss and grief that he felt, as not only his children but others in his com-munity and his region have suffered be-cause of suicide. 
Sidney was a champion for young 
people. He believed in the future of our young people, urging that they choose life, that they get a good education, and that they take pride in their proud heritage. 
Sidney Huntington was the patriarch 
of a large and extended family. I know so very many of them, and they are all very accomplished in their own right. He is survived by his wife, Angela. They were married 72 years; that is a pretty good marriage there. He has some 30 children, both biological and adopted, and many, many grand-children. On May 10 of this year, they gathered in Galena to celebrate the centennial of Sidney’s birth, and they all wore T-shirts that bore some of Sid-ney’s words of wisdom: Make life worth living; work hard; keep up a good spir-it; have a good attitude toward oth-ers—this will take you a long way in life. These are words to live by and words to remember an Alaskan who was truly larger than life and as large as the great State that he called home. 
I was privileged by the gift of the 
friendship of Sidney Huntington. Alas-ka is privileged by the gift of his leg-acy. This man is a true hero of our homeland. He is now gone, but his life of inspiration will long, long be re-membered. I am grateful for the oppor-tunity to again pay tribute to a great Alaskan and to extend my condolences and that of the U.S. Senate to his fam-ily, his many extended relatives, and those of us throughout the State who cherish a great Alaskan leader. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
f 
EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS BILL 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, earlier 
today the U.S. Senate added to its list of accomplishments this year by pass-ing important education reform. The Democratic leader, our friend from Ne-vada, has called this Senate ‘‘unpro-ductive,’’ but the Washington Post took a look at what he had to say and gave him three Pinocchios for that one. 
When we look at the accomplish-
ments of this year, they are bipartisan, to be sure—as they must be. That is the nature of this institution. Even the minority can, and frequently does, stop us from doing things the majority would like to do. But what has been re-markable is where we have been able to find consensus and work together. Cer-tainly, the education bill—the Every Student Succeeds Act—is an example of that, as is the leadership not only of Majority Leader M
CCONNELL , who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.045 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8529 December 9, 2015 
scheduled the vote on this legislation, 
but also Chairman A LEXANDER of the 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee and Ranking Member M
URRAY . 
Senator M URRAY has also been very 
important in working with us on im-portant anti-human trafficking legisla-tion that passed the Senate 99 to 0. She worked with us on the President’s re-quest for us to pass trade promotion authority that only 13 Democrats voted for. This is an important piece of economic legislation. 
Then, in recent days, we passed the 
first multiyear highway bill. That was due to the partnership of Senator I
NHOFE , chairman of an important com-
mittee, Chairman H ATCH , chairman of 
the Finance Committee, and Senator B
OXER on the Democratic side basi-
cally trying to take on her own leader-ship that didn’t want us to pass a multiyear highway bill, at least at first, because they wanted to use the pay-fors in that bill to spend on other things. 
My point is that leadership is impor-
tant not only at the Presidential level; it is important here at the level of Con-gress in terms of setting the agenda. But the hard work of legislation is ac-tually trying to find areas of common ground and consensus so we can actu-ally get things done. 
There are some times that stopping 
what the majority wants to get done is the right thing to do—when the legisla-tion is misguided, when it is the wrong kind of policy. But we found places where we can work together in order to deliver results for the American peo-ple, and the Every Student Succeeds Act is an example of that. It replaced a law which was sorely in need of reform, and it stopped Washington from impos-ing common core mandates on our classrooms. It will ensure that power is devolved from Washington back to the local communities, to parents and teachers, where that power should exist. 
In the words of Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER , it has eliminated the Depart-
ment of Education as a national school board. Our country is simply too big and too diverse, and the needs of our students in local communities are so different that the power to innovate, the power to set the standard, and then to find the most creative and innova-tive way to achieve those standards I believe is best determined at the local level and not here in Washington, DC. This legislation does just that. 
I use as an example Laredo, TX, 
where I went to a ninth grade science class. Due to the proximity of the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas, they were teaching ninth graders the fun-damentals of petroleum geology as a way to teach their science courses. So the students could see the future of a job in the oil and gas sector because of the proximity of the Eagle Ford Shale and the prosperity that has brought and a direct connection between the otherwise abstract lessons of science that they might be learning in class. 
Washington, DC, is not going to be able to come up with that kind of creative solution or way of making science rel-evant to students in Laredo, TX. So I use that as an example of why this leg-islation is so important to leave to the States and local school districts, par-ents, and teachers the ability to deter-mine the curriculum and account-ability measures they want to adopt. 
I am proud we have come together in 
true bipartisan fashion to strengthen the hands of parents, teachers, and local communities and to provide real education reform for our children. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL STRATEGY TO 
DEFEAT ISIS 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I want 
to talk about the speech the President gave on the Islamic State, or ISIS. He spoke about this to the Nation last Sunday night. I read all the newsclips after having listened to what the Presi-dent had to say, and I think the uni-versal reaction was that the President did not come up with anything new. Basically, the message was that we are going to stay the course. 
Of course, this is the same President 
who called ISIS ‘‘contained.’’ I don’t know of any other person—any other person with any knowledge of the sub-ject matter—who would share the view the President expressed, that ISIS was somehow contained. Indeed, we have learned that the threat of ISIS is threefold: We have the battle raging in the country, what started out as a civil war in Syria. Now the borders between Iraq and Syria have essentially been erased, and ISIS is controlling large portions of those two countries. It is also about the foreign fighters who come from Europe and other places within the region and even from the United States. There have been exam-ples of people who come from the United States over to the fight in Syria and Iraq in order to help ISIS. Then, as we sadly learned again, just as we learned in Paris recently, we have seen in San Bernardino, CA, the radicalization of people already in our country, using things such as social media and the Internet. 
It is troubling that the President did 
not choose to tell us what new strategy he was going to use in order to actually make sure we were able to accomplish his own stated objective of degrading and destroying ISIS. Instead, we heard that he had no interest in changing course. As I said a moment ago, this has dangerous and dramatic con-sequences right here at home too. In light of the terrorist attacks in San Bernardino—one that killed 14 people and wounded more than 20—you would think that the President would recon-sider whether the course we are on needs a midcourse correction. 
We saw that, for example, in Iraq. 
President Bush saw the war in Iraq going poorly, despite our best efforts— and then took a huge chance, upon ad-vice of General Petraeus and other 
military leaders, to conduct a surge. It was a big risk, but it paid off. 
President Obama, on the other hand, 
does not seem to want to learn from his experience or his mistakes. This ‘‘wait and see’’ approach has served only to strengthen the stranglehold ISIS has on the Middle East, and it has enabled the recruitment of thousands of jihadists from all over the world. 
What we really need from the Presi-
dent is to listen to his military and na-tional security leadership and to for-mulate a comprehensive strategy against ISIS and bring additional mili-tary means against them. The Presi-dent likes to say this is a choice be-tween what we are doing now and American boots on the ground. That is a false choice. That is not the choice. Those aren’t all the options available to the President. But we need to bring means against ISIS that would inflict sizable losses, shatter their false nar-rative about their actually prevailing and making advances in their effort to reestablish or establish a Caliphate in the Middle East, and stop them from spreading their hateful ideology and their violence—not only in Syria, Iraq, and in that region, but around the world. 
In short, what we need is a dramati-
cally different approach. This concern for our current trajectory in the fight against ISIS is not shared only by folks on this side of the aisle. A number of our colleagues across the aisle agree that the President’s strategy isn’t working, but some of their solutions are pretty puzzling. Just this week, the Democratic leader and some of the other senior leaders across the aisle said that the solution is for the Presi-dent to appoint another czar—a czar that can eliminate ISIS. 
We don’t need another appointed bu-
reaucrat. We need a Commander in Chief who is willing to recognize the reality on the ground, one who will step up and lead, and one who will lay out for Congress and the American peo-ple a strategy that has a reasonable chance of success. 
Because of the President’s refusal to 
change course and develop a serious and aggressive strategy to eradicate ISIS, several of my colleagues and I have sent a letter to the President with some hopefully constructive sugges-tions. We have urged him to take com-monsense measures that are designed to accomplish his own stated goal of degrading and ultimately destroying ISIS. 
It is evident that any way forward 
must inflict significant territorial losses to ISIS. Right now we are en-gaged in bombing missions, which are necessary but not sufficient to actually hold any territory. That takes people on the ground. It takes military advis-ers. It takes the United States’ leader-ship—not our U.S. military on the ground—but it takes somebody there to reclaim territory that Americans fought to secure just a few short years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.047 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8530 December 9, 2015 
ago, such as in Ramadi, Fallujah, and 
Mosul. 
I said before that I think the Presi-
dent made a terrible mistake when he precipitously pulled the plug on the American presence in Iraq, because what happened is we simply squandered the lives and the treasure lost in secur-ing cities such as Ramadi, Fallujah, and Mosul. It breaks my heart to think about the Gold Star Mothers and other people who lost family members in those fights only to see now that terri-tory squandered. Think about our vet-erans who perhaps lost a limb from an IED, a roadside bomb. It is really a ter-rible thing. Now the President does have a chance to try to change his strategy in order to reclaim the terri-tory from Iraq and, again, to undercut this false narrative of ISIS invinci-bility. 
First, in this letter that we wrote to 
the President we suggested that the United States should embed military advisers alongside of the Iraqi Security Forces, the Kurdish Peshmerga, and Sunni tribal forces to strengthen their hand on the battlefield. These are some of the people who can be the boots on the ground and not American soldiers and service men and women. This could include additional U.S. troops to serve as joint terminal attack controllers— or JTACs—who can help ensure that our airstrikes against ISIS are much more accurate, timely, more lethal, and avoid collateral damage to inno-cent civilians. 
We know the United States has the 
most powerful military in the world— equipped with the most advanced air-craft and the best trained pilots to fly them. But in order to leverage the ad-vantage in the air, we need to work more closely with those on the ground. Again, this isn’t going to happen with-out American leadership. By deploying additional close air support plat-forms—including Apache attack heli-copters—for use in coordination with embedded JTACs, we can bring real support to those who find themselves in close contact with ISIS. 
Again, the President likes to say ‘‘no 
American boots on the ground’’ but the fact is there are about 3,500 or so U.S. service men and women in Iraq, and the President recently announced he was going to deploy a contingent of special operators to help do exactly what I described here. But he has not yet come up with a strategy that will actually help them accomplish their goal. 
The President also needs to under-
stand the real need for a thorough re-view of the current approval process for coalition airstrikes. By making this review process less unwieldy, we can remove barriers that inhibit our pilots from striking strategically significant ISIS targets and doing it in a timely manner. On the battlefield, seconds matter. Our pilots who are engaging ISIS and putting their lives on the line should be allowed a shorter strike-ap-proval timeline. Finally, the letter my colleagues and 
I sent to the President asks him to es-tablish safe zones inside Syria to pro-tect the Syrian refugees. I have had the occasion to travel to some of the ref-ugee camps in Turkey and Jordan, for example. Ever since the Syrian civil war occurred a couple of years ago, there have been massive dislocation of 
people from Syria into adjoining coun-tries, further destabilizing those coun-tries and, obviously, being a huge bur-den upon them. But what we need is a no-fly and no-drive zone so Syrians can stay in Syria rather than having to flee to adjacent countries or Europe or now come to the United States, for exam-ple. It would help safeguard innocent men, women, and children who are get-ting caught up in the crossfire. 
We can do this. We have done it be-
fore in Northern Iraq. It takes a plan, and it takes American leadership. We can help take a lot of pressure off of Europe and surrounding countries in the Middle East, as well as our own country, by people who understandably are fleeing the devastation and the danger in their own country. Of course, the President and the United States can’t do it alone. That is why we also encourage the President to leverage our partnerships in the region and hopefully find ways to mobilize NATO, or the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, in the planning and implementa-tion process. NATO is very much en-gaged in Afghanistan, for example, and there is no reason why NATO, with American leadership, can’t make a big contribution to what is happening in Syria and Iraq. 
I hope President Obama reads our 
letter, and I hope he seriously con-siders how the United States can move forward with our partners in a much needed direction to accomplish the goal that he himself stated of degrad-ing and destroying ISIS. Unfortu-nately, the current plan is not ever going to succeed. Just bombing, as I said earlier—airstrikes—is not suffi-cient. 
Unfortunately, the recent attack in 
San Bernardino reveals that the ex-tremist ideology of ISIS is not con-tained in the Middle East, as I men-tioned earlier—the radicalization of people already here in the United States. We saw that, for example, in 2009 with MAJ Nidal Hasan at Ft. Hood, TX. We saw it earlier this year in Garland, TX. Unfortunately, we saw that in San Bernardino last week. 
By the way, this is another item on 
the President’s and on our to-do list. The FBI Director this morning testi-fied that before the attacks in Garland, TX, where two people traveled from Phoenix in full body armor and with automatic weapons and tried to attack an exhibit in Garland, TX, one of the attackers sent 109 encrypted messages overseas to a terrorist contact there. But because they are encrypted, even with a court order, the FBI has not been able to see the contents of those messages. The FBI Director and the Deputy Attorney General have said 
this is a big problem for the United States because many technology com-panies are marketing their ability to encrypt their messaging and, thus, keep it out of the eyes—away from the eyes—of law enforcement, even with a court order. 
Again, recently we voted to elimi-
nate the bulk data collection at the National Security Agency. To remind everybody, this was about taking a known terrorist’s phone number over-seas and comparing that against call records here in the United States that don’t reveal content but do reveal the domestic phone number so that the law enforcement authorities can go to a court and ask the court to allow them to look into the content of that com-munication. But, of course, this was misrepresented by some who claimed the privacy interests trumped national security interests. 
Certainly, we have to find the right 
balance between privacy and security. But this encryption technology, which, again, is being marketed by certain companies in order to increase their market share, is being used by ter-rorist organizations. In fact, the FBI Director said this has now become part of the terrorist tradecraft—that is the way he put it—to use these encrypted devices. 
My point is that whether it is the 
fight in Syria and Iraq or whether it is the foreign fighters traveling from the United States or Europe to Iraq and Syria and returning to the United States or whether it is radicalization of people already in place here in our own country, this is a war we cannot afford to lose. In a way, it seems like we are not using all of the resources available to us to fight a war against the ter-rorist threat when clearly they are using every resource they have avail-able to fight a war against the United States and our freedom. 
I hope the President will reconsider 
his course of action dealing with ISIS. I am sorry to say that unless the Presi-dent does, I think we are going to see other attacks—not just in Europe, not just people dying unnecessarily in Syria and Iraq, but further attacks here in the homeland. 
The President has some very talented 
military advisers. General Dunford and General Milley, the Army Chief of Staff, and others can provide him a strategy that actually will have a bet-ter chance of succeeding if he will lis-ten and if he will reconsider. I know that sometimes when people like me have criticized the President for having no effective strategy, people have said: What is your strategy? Well, it is not our responsibility. It is the Commander in Chief’s responsibility to come up with a strategy. But taking that chal-lenge on, my colleagues and I have sent this letter where we list some options for the President that I hope he will consider. 
We need a more focused, a more ef-
fective, a more robust strategy—one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.049 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8531 December 9, 2015 
that is undergirded with a political 
framework that can sustain a lasting rejection of the bankrupt ideology ped-aled by ISIS. We don’t have time to stick to a plan that has proven not to work. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I wish 
to address an issue that has kind of been pushed into the background by virtue of a series of events that has, quite understandably, captured all of our attention. The atrocities com-mitted by ISIS has justified a focus of attention on how we can make Amer-ica more secure from this very fright-ening and dangerous threat, but we shouldn’t lose sight of an ongoing threat that is simultaneously devel-oping, and I am referring to the Iran nuclear deal and the very disturbing developments that have occurred just in the short period of time since the JCPOA, the agreement between the Western powers, including the United States, and Iran, was announced. 
This is a deal that in its own right is 
very disturbing. I found it impossible to defend. Since then, it has gotten worse, and in my view additional devel-opments clearly indicate that we don’t really have an agreement here, and the President should not be lifting sanc-tions in a few weeks. My fear is that is exactly what the President intends do. Let me walk through several of the items that have occurred recently that are particularly disturbing. 
Item No. 1, almost immediately after 
the deal was announced, the Iranian leadership insisted they would essen-tially rewrite some very important parts of the deal. Specifically, they de-manded that the sanctions had to be permanently lifted rather than sus-pended indefinitely. The JCPOA lan-guage says the United States will ‘‘cease the application of sanctions.’’ The administration has been very clear. They told us that means the sanctions are suspended, but the frame-work remains in place in case they need to be reapplied. They have predi-cated the entire viability of this agree-ment on the ability to reimpose sanc-tions, so it is essential that they in fact be available to reapply. The Ira-nians have said: No, absolutely not. That is not what the agreement says. It says these sanctions are to be lifted and permanently removed and they cannot be restored for any reason under any circumstance. 
Well, which is it? The Iranians have 
clearly indicated that they have a very different understanding than our ad-
ministration does, and this matters be-cause whether sanctions can be reim-posed in the event of a violation is ab-solutely central to the enforcement of this agreement, and that is according to the administration. 
Item No. 2, shortly after the deal was 
announced, a couple of our colleagues— a House Member and a Senator—dis-
covered the existence of two secret side deals. While on a trip to Europe, they discovered that these agreements were negotiated between the IAEA, the International Atomic Energy Agency, charged with much of the enforcement of this agreement, and the government in Tehran. It went to the heart of the past nuclear weapons activity that the Iranian Government was involved in. The administration didn’t tell us about these side agreements or give us these side agreements, but it turns out they exist. 
The nuclear review act stated very 
clearly that the President was obli-gated to give us all related documenta-tion—all of it. The actual language is ‘‘any additional materials related thereto, including annexes, appendices, codicils, side agreements, imple-menting materials, documents, and guidance.’’ 
I think it is abundantly clear that 
the legislation actually in fact says, and intended to say, that anything in any way related to this agreement had to be handed over to Congress. It never happened. We never got it. To this day, we haven’t gotten it. In fact, no Mem-ber of Congress has seen these agree-ments—these two documents. It is not just that no Member of Congress has seen them, nobody in the administra-tion has seen them because the admin-istration thought it was OK to just trust some other entity to negotiate a very central enforcement provision of this agreement without ever being able to even see it. It is unbelievable. No. 1, the President is in violation of the law if he lifts these sanctions because the law clearly states that process can’t begin until we have gotten all the doc-uments, and we still haven’t, and a very important aspect of this agree-ment is something that the adminis-tration has never seen. 
Item No. 3, October 3, just a few 
weeks ago, Iran launched a new long- range, precision-guided ballistic mis-sile. Even the Obama administration acknowledges that this is a violation of U.N. Security Council Resolution 1929, which prohibits any ballistic missile activities on the part of Iran. Let me briefly quote from that resolution. It is a resolution that, by the way, supports the JCPOA. It is an integral part of the nuclear deal with Iran. It states that Iran is ‘‘not to undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weap-ons, including launches using such bal-listic missile technology, until the date eight years after the JCPOA.’’ The intermediate-range ballistic missiles that the Iranians launched could abso-lutely hold nuclear weapons. They have 
a 1,000-mile range and could reach Israel. 
A few weeks after that, on November 
21, Iran launched a second ballistic missile. In spite of everybody pointing out that they were in violation of the JCPOA with the first launch, they demonstrated just how concerned they were about that by a second launch. It was a slightly different system, quicker setup time, more mobility, 
more maneuverable, and still capable of delivering nuclear weapons. Why does this matter? Well, it matters be-cause it demonstrates that Iran has every intention to continue to improve its ability to deliver nuclear weapons great distances, with great precision. It demonstrates the continued intent of Iran to develop the capability to threaten and attack Israel and U.S. al-lies. 
It is a fact that with this technology 
in place, if and when they violate this agreement and develop nuclear weap-ons—or even if they just wait until it is over and develop nuclear weapons, which the agreement permits—they will be immediately prepared to launch these weapons great distances. Maybe most fundamentally, Iran is in open violation of the JCPOA. They obvi-ously have contempt for this agree-ment. How can we trust them when they are blatantly and flagrantly vio-lating central parts of it? 
Item No. 4, October 29, Iran sends 
weapons to the Assad regime on Rus-sian cargo planes, violating another U.S. Security Council Resolution, as was part of a bigger deal. It included, in the negotiation of the deal, that Commander Soleimani travel to Rus-sia, which is in violation of the U.S. Security Council Resolutions because a travel ban had been imposed personally on him. That didn’t matter. He went to Russia and negotiated an agreement that included weapons for Assad, in violation of another U.N. Security Council resolution, and Russian deliv-ery of the SA–300 Air Defense System for Iran. 
Why is this important? Well, it is yet 
another flagrant violation of inter-national law and U.N. Security Council resolutions but also because the deliv-ery of these surface-to-air missiles di-minishes the ability and credibility of a military strike against Iran, which we have been told is always the ulti-mate backstop. You would think that maybe the administration would have some concern about this. 
Item No. 5, October 29, Iran arrests 
an American and convicts another American. The Iranian regime arrested the Iranian-American businessman Siamak Namazi and convicted Wash-ington Post reporter Jason Rezaian in a show trial. This American reporter has now been held for over 500 days. Meanwhile, of course, the Iranian hardliners continue to hold their anti- American rallies, burn American flags, and shout ‘‘Death to America.’’ 
Why does all of this matter? After 
all, this was not contemplated by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.050 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8532 December 9, 2015 
JCPOA directly. It matters because it 
reveals the ongoing open hostility of the Iranian leadership to the United States. In response, of course, America has taken no steps and no action, but it is fundamentally clear that this deal has not changed the mindset or atti-tude of the regime toward America, and now it appears that Iran is holding some additional chips, if you will, in the form of American hostages and that should be pretty disturbing. 
Item No. 6, December 2, just a few 
days ago, the IAEA report came out on the previous military dimensions of Iran’s weapons program. What did they conclude? They concluded that up until and through at least 2009, Iran was, in fact, working on a nuclear weapons ca-pability. That is from the IAEA’s re-port. That is not my opinion. That is their conclusion. They confirmed, among other things, that the Iranians were working on neutron triggers for detonation purposes, miniaturization efforts for warheads so they could be put on ballistic missiles, and specific designs for fitting them on weapons. 
In addition to confirming the nuclear 
weapons activity of the Iranian regime, the IAEA report highlighted that the Iranians were not fully cooperating as they were trying to determine the ex-tent of the past military dimensions. Again, according to the IAEA, the Ira-nians consistently tried to mislead in-vestigators. 
At the Parchin site, where much of 
the research and weaponization process was underway, the Iranians were heav-ily sanitizing the site. In recent months, they were trying to destroy the evidence prior to the IAEA inves-tigation and determination, and the Iranians did not provide all of the in-formation that was requested of them. This is all from the IAEA. 
Why does all of this matter? First 
and foremost, it is absolutely indis-putable proof positive that Iran has been lying through this entire process. They have always said they have no nuclear weapons program and that all of their nuclear research has always been exclusively for peaceful purposes. It has been a lie. It was always a lie. It was a lie through the entire negotia-tions. If they are willing to lie about this, what else are they lying about? Since they were not willing to fully co-operate, how much do we really know about exactly how far along their weapons process was? And if and when we discover future weapons develop-ments, we might not know whether that was prior to the agreement or post-agreement. It just creates a great deal of dangerous ambiguity. 
Finally—and this to me is maybe the 
most shocking—on November 24, the State Department acknowledged that the Government of Iran had never rati-fied and had not signed the JCPOA. They haven’t signed the agreement. The administration acknowledges this. In a letter to a Member of Congress, Congressman M
IKEPOMPEO , on Novem-
ber 19, 2015, the State Department said, among other things, the ‘‘JCPOA is not 
a treaty or an executive agreement, and is not a signed document. The JCPOA reflects political commitments. ...  ’ ’  
The President had previously called 
it a negotiated diplomatic agreement and attached great weight to it. The President said: 
The agreement now reached between the 
international community and Iran builds on this tradition of strong principled diplo-macy. After two years of negotiations, we have achieved a detailed arrangement that permanently prohibits Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. 
Except that it doesn’t and Iran hasn’t 
signed it. The President even compared it to the START treaty and the non-proliferation treaty. It is very dif-ferent. The fact is, the State Depart-ment letter openly admits that this agreement, if you can call it that, is not legally binding on Iran, and the Iranians have refused to sign it. In-stead, it is supposed to depend on ex-tensive verification, and we have talked about the problems with that, and the ability to snap back sanctions, which, likewise, have been dramati-cally undermined at best. 
Then let’s look at what the Iranians 
have done. President Ruhani pushed the Iranian legislature specifically not to adopt the JCPOA. They have ig-nored it. They have not voted on it. They have not ratified it. They have not affirmed it. So, in addition to not signing it, they have not had an eradi-cation vote to approve it. In fact, they voted on some other framework. Aya-tollah Khamenei has suspended further negotiations with the United States, so they have not signed the agreement, they have not voted on the agreement, and they have announced that they have no intentions of discussing any more with us the substance of it. 
It looks pretty clear to me that the 
Iranians are creating the ability to completely deny any obligation on their part to honor the terms of the agreement. It looks pretty obvious to me that that is what is going on here. Yet we are just a few weeks away from what this agreement, which hasn’t really been agreed to, calls the ‘‘imple-mentation day.’’ That is the day on which the sanctions will be lifted. 
By all accounts, it appears as though 
the administration intends to go ahead and lift the sanctions. Principally among them is the release of many tens of billions—maybe $100 billion—to Iran, despite the fact that the Iranians have demanded that these sanctions be permanently lifted, despite the dis-covery of these secret agreements, de-spite at least two ballistic missile launches in direct violation of the agreement, despite the violations of the arms embargoes, despite the arrest of Americans, despite the confirmation that we all now know that Iran has been lying throughout this entire proc-ess about the past weaponization, and despite the fact that they refuse to sign or pass this agreement. Despite all that, we apparently are just a few 
weeks away from lifting the sanctions, releasing upwards of $100 billion to the Iranians, and, of course, at that mo-ment, losing virtually all leverage over Iran and their pursuit of nuclear weap-ons. 
I think it is time the President of the 
United States realizes and acknowl-edges that there is no agreement here. There is not a deal. Any reason one would think of at this point that Iran is going to honor this agreement that is not really an agreement I think is extremely naive at best. 
I hope that in the very short time 
that remains, we are able to persuade the administration to reconsider their apparent intent to lift these sanctions and reward this regime with a stag-gering amount of money with which they will do, in my view, very likely great harm. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for an additional 10 minutes to the 10 minutes I have been allotted. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS BILL 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I am 
sorry the Senator from Colorado has the misfortune of presiding over the Senate when I am giving a speech, but it is nice to see him. 
I wanted to come to the floor today 
to mostly say thank you but also to make some observations on a day where I am actually proud of the Sen-ate. I am proud of the work we have been able to do to reauthorize the Ele-mentary and Secondary School Act with a vote in the Senate of 85 yes votes. This came after a vote in the House of Representatives that was 359 yes votes. And this comes after a time when just months ago it seemed as though we were paralyzed on this bill and unable to get a vote in the House and in the Senate. In fact, the House passed a very partisan bill that didn’t get one Democratic vote. And when the Democrats were in charge, we passed bills that didn’t get Republican votes, and then we couldn’t even get them to the floor. Now we find ourselves just a few months later with a huge bipar-tisan result. 
I want to start by commending 
L
AMAR ALEXANDER , the Senator from 
Tennessee, the chairman of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee, for his extraordinary leader-ship, as well as P
ATTY MURRAY , the 
ranking member of the committee, for her leadership. They ran this com-mittee and they ran this process in a way that ought to set the standard for the rest of the committees in the Sen-ate. They followed regular order. They started with a bipartisan product. They asked every single member of the com-mittee whether we had ideas to try to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.052 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8533 December 9, 2015 
improve the legislation. They moved it 
out of committee unanimously—unani-mously. This is a committee that has on it the junior Senator from Ken-tucky and the junior Senator from Vermont, just to pick two examples, and they got a unanimous vote. Then we brought it to the floor, we had amendments, an open process, passed it 
off the floor, the House passed their version of the bill, and we had an ac-tual conference committee. Can my colleagues imagine that? I think it is the second one or maybe the third; there was one fake one and then two real ones since I have been here in the last 7 years. I have actually had the good fortune to be on two of them, in-cluding this one. So we produced a product and got it to the floor, and now it is going to the President’s desk. 
I say to the pages who are here today 
that we are 8 years away in the reau-thorization of No Child Left Behind. The bill expired, in effect, 8 years ago, and we have taken 8 years to get this work done, which, if you were grading us in terms of getting our homework done in time—if the teachers at the Page School had the opportunity to scold us for being 8 years late with our homework, they probably would. But I am going to celebrate because I am glad this day has finally come. For teachers and for principals and for stu-dents and for families all across the country, this change is going to come as a great relief. 
Some people ask: Why should the 
Federal Government have any role in education at all? I think it is a fair question because of what we spend on K–12 education, only 9 percent of it is Federal. The rest of it is all State and local. The reason why the Federal Gov-ernment is involved is because of the civil rights impulse that says kids ought to have a great education no matter what ZIP Code they are born into. That is what we tell ourselves. If you are lucky enough to be born to wealthy parents or unlucky enough to be born to poor parents, when it comes to education, you ought to be able to get a good education. 
The Federal Government is meant to 
help ameliorate the differences that exist in too many places all across the country. That was the idea when we got involved in this in the 1960s. Then we fast-forward to No Child Left Be-hind, the idea that George Bush had and Ted Kennedy had and the others who worked on that bill, including Margaret Spellings and others, had. The idea was that our kids are not suc-ceeding all across the country and they are not remotely having the same op-portunities, and we ought to expose that to the country. 
Notwithstanding all of the things 
about No Child Left Behind that I can’t stand, the one thing I will be forever grateful for was the requirement that districts across the country annually assess kids and disaggregate the data so people can see how kids are doing by ethnic group and by their level of pov-erty or affluence and that we expose 
that to the country and stop hiding from what are terrible results for many kids living in the United States. 
Over the period of time that No Child 
Left Behind has been in place, we have been unable to hide from the results we have seen. What are those results? It is very clear now that we have studied it that if you are a kid born into poverty, you arrive in kindergarten having heard 30 million fewer words than a more affluent peer. Ask any kinder-garten teacher in America whether that is going to affect the outcomes in kindergarten, and she will tell us. 
We now know that there are whole 
communities in America, across cities and across rural areas, where there is not a single school that anybody in this body would be willing to send their kid or their grandkid to—not one. And those of us who are proponents of school choice, as I am, need to recog-nize that there are huge parts of geog-raphy in the United States where there is no choice. The choice is illusory. You have one lousy school to choose from and another lousy school to choose from. 
Then what we have discovered is that 
we have made it harder and harder for people to be able to afford college. As other countries around the world are understanding more than ever, we need something north of a high school di-ploma to compete. 
When George Bush, the son—and I 
say to the Presiding Officer that this is a temporal observation, not a partisan observation—when George Bush the son became President, we led the world in the production of college graduates. Today we are something like 16th. My question is, Do we want to be 32nd or do we want to do something different to give people greater opportunity? 
As I have said on this floor before, 
where this all ends is in a situation where if you are a kid born into pov-erty in America, your chances of get-ting a college degree is equivalent to roughly 9 in 100. They are not roughly 9 in 100; they are 9 in 100. That means that if these Senate chairs and these desks—there are 100 in this Chamber— were inhabited by poor kids instead of by Senators, there would be those 3 seats, then those 3 seats, and then 3 of those seats in that row that would be inhabited by college graduates, and the entire rest of this Chamber would not be. I think that if we faced those odds for our own kids in this body—if Sen-ators faced those kinds of odds for their own kids—we would quit the Sen-ate and we would go home and we would try to fix whatever we could fix to ensure that our children didn’t have a 9-in-100 chance but maybe had a 90- in-100 chance of being able to make a decision about whether they wanted to go to college. 
I think one of the reasons why we 
find ourselves with those kinds of re-sults for our kids—not just around edu-cation but around health care and around many other issues—is that too often we are treating America’s chil-
dren like they are someone else’s chil-dren, not like they are our own chil-dren. And if we treated them like they were our own children, I think it would focus our mind. 
I think that not just on education 
but on all kinds of issues, we would stop figuring out how to get through the week, stop trying to figure out how to keep the lights on for 1 more week or 1 more month or do a temporary tax deal that we could call a yearlong deal and it is actually a 2-week tax deal at the end of the year, and we would actu-ally start doing what the American people want us to do, which is invest in the next generation—investment in the next generation in terms of infrastruc-ture, in terms of immigration policies, in terms of energy; approaching the next generation by saying we have a theory about how we are going to right the fiscal problems this country faces. And we would be doing a lot—State, local, and Federal Government—to en-sure that we had an education system that was much more aligned to the outcomes we want for our kids than the system we have. 
Having said all of that, I am so glad 
we have made the decision that we have made to pass this bill today be-cause if we had a rally tomorrow on the steps of the Capitol to keep No Child Left Behind the same, literally no one would show up, which maybe ex-plains why we have been able to get this bipartisan result in the end. 
I think the other thing that explains 
it is the fact that the No Child Left Be-hind bill, when it was passed, rep-resented perhaps the biggest and great-est Federal incursion on State and local governments that we have seen in modern American history. Part of what we are doing here by changing the way this bill works is retreating, which I think is appropriate and what we should do. 
When I was superintendent of the 
Denver public schools, I used to wonder all the time why people in Washington were so mean to our kids and to our teachers. What I realize being here is that they are not mean; it is just that they have absolutely no idea what is going on in our schools and our class-rooms. 
I think it is perfectly reasonable for 
the Federal Government to say: We ex-pect you to do better. We expect you to close these achievement gaps. We have a national interest in knowing that kids are moving forward no matter where they are born, just as I think we have a national interest in under-standing where the next 1.5 million teachers are going to come from to re-place the teachers we have lost. But when I was a superintendent, the last thing I wanted was anybody in Wash-ington telling me how to do the work or telling my teachers and principals how to do the work. That is not the province of anybody in Washington, DC, and there was too much of that with No Child Left Behind. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.054 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8534 December 9, 2015 
I want to talk a little bit about a few 
aspects of the bill today that I think are important. I am not going to talk about everything because there is an awful lot that changed. The first thing that is important to me was thinking about how we spend money when it comes to schools and understanding better how those resources are used. 
I mentioned earlier that the whole 
reason the Federal Government is in-volved in education is because of a civil rights impulse. It might surprise the Presiding Officer to know that we are only one of three countries in the OECD that spend more money on afflu-ent kids than we do on kids in poverty as a country. Part of that has to do with the way we fund education through property taxes, but part of it is compounded by the way the Federal Government has required reporting from school districts and States, going back to the 1960s, where we said to States and school districts: You need to report not an actual teacher’s salary but an average teacher’s salary, and that is what we are going to require you to do. For reasons that I am not going to belabor here today, that be-came something called the comparable loophole and meant that it was unclear where the resources were going, includ-ing the title I resources which are meant for kids living in poverty. 
I wanted to close the comparability 
loophole as part of this legislation. We got a vote in the committee, but it didn’t make it into the bill. But we have made a change in reporting, which is that we are now requiring dis-tricts and States to report on actual teachers’ salaries, not average teach-ers’ salaries, and what that is going to mean is much more transparency about where money is going in our school dis-tricts. 
It is pretty easy to think about it 
this way. If you imagine an average salary for a school district, if you are in a high-poverty school, it tends to be that younger teachers, newer teachers are in that school. Those newer teach-ers are paid not at the average salaries but an actual salary down here. If you go to a more affluent school, teachers tend to be more experienced and paid more, and they are paid up here. So in the wealthier schools, the school is billed as though it is paying lower av-erage salaries even though it is paying higher salaries. The poor schools are being billed as if they are paying high-er salaries, but they are paying lower salaries. That is a travesty. That is a massive subsidy going from poor kids to wealthier kids in this country be-cause of the requirements of the Fed-eral Government going back to the 1960s. We have to change that report-ing, and I believe in the next incarna-tion of this legislation we will finally change the budgeting itself. 
We also focused on teacher leadership 
as part of this bill and teachers in gen-eral. They are the most important thing when it comes to a quality edu-cation. We know that the most impor-tant thing a kid who is living in pov-
erty can get is 3 years of tremendous instruction. If they do, we can close the achievement gap. We know we can. 
There is a lot of attention paid to 
this question of how we get rid of low- performing teachers, and having been a superintendent, I am all for it. But the most important question or fact we need to observe is that we are losing 50 percent of our teachers from the pro-fession in the first 5 years. What is it 
we can do to keep teachers longer than that? We can’t keep them for 30 years anymore. It is not going to happen. We imagine that is going to happen. We have exactly the same system that was designed when we had a labor market that discriminated against women and said: You have two choices—one is being a teacher and one is being a nurse. So come teach Julius Caesar every year for 30 years of your life in the Denver public schools. 
Those days are over. They are over. 
Our compensation system and the way we train people and the way we inspire people to teach needs to change to match the labor market we have today. We could not solve that problem in this bill. That problem is not going to be solved here, but we did create more flexibility when we rewrote title II, which has been essentially a slush fund of lousy professional development, and we focused our funding on opportuni-ties for teachers to serve as mentors and academic coaches. Eagle, Durango, and Adams 12 in our State are leading the way in these innovative practices. 
We create support for teacher resi-
dency programs inspired by the Denver and Adams State teacher residency programs so that we are not saying we are going to have to rely on higher edu-cation programs that are not going to prepare our teachers to do the work we need them to do. Instead, we are going to train them in classes with master teachers so they can perfect the craft of teaching. They can bring their con-tent-matter expertise, and they can learn how to teach in the place that matters, which is in school. 
We have resources to train great 
principals because there is nothing more frustrating for teachers than somebody in their building who doesn’t know how to lead. 
We have funding to help modernize 
the teacher profession for preparation, recruitment and hiring, replacement and retention, compensation, and pro-fessional development. 
I am often asked what is the one 
thing that will change outcomes in our schools. What I tell people is that there is not one thing, it is everything. There is almost nothing about the incentives and disincentives in our K–12 system that are aligned to the outcomes we want for kids—almost nothing. What we say is: On all of these different di-mensions, school districts, feel free to innovate and feel free to use some Fed-eral resources on the most important thing you can do, which is making sure you have a great workforce in your building. We have funding to create differen-
tiated compensation systems and in-creased school leader autonomy to sup-port the reshaping of instructional time, planning time, and professional development. We are not going to hire teachers in Washington. We shouldn’t hire teachers in Washington, but as I said earlier, we do have a vital national 
interest in knowing we have a pipeline of the very best people who are coming to teach our kids. 
I did not mean this to sound political 
or sound like a politician or sound a little bit like that, but, believe me, there is nobody in this room who has a job that is harder than being a teacher. There is nobody in this building who 
has a job that is harder than being a teacher in a high-poverty school—no-body. Nobody. That is the hardest job you can have. We train people in ways that don’t prepare them for the work, we give them leadership that doesn’t support them in the work they are try-ing to do, and we pay them a crummy wage that no one in their college class would subject themselves to. No won-der that fewer than one-third of eligi-ble voters under the age of 30 would recommend teaching as a job to a friend. 
Until we change that, until we have a 
system that says that teaching is a great and noble profession, that it is something we can do as a way to give back to the community, a way to build the future of this country, and 70 per-cent of American voters are saying ‘‘I would recommend that to a friend,’’ we know we are not on the right track. This bill doesn’t solve the problem, but it points the way to flexibility that I think is vitally important—flexibility around teachers and also innovation to try new things, funding for schools and districts to innovate. St. Vrain insti-tuted a STEM academy that ought to be replicated all over. Northwest BOCES is modernizing professional de-velopment and support for rural edu-cators. We have some very important parts of this bill related to rural schools, and Denver Public Schools has developed a unique English learners program. These are the kinds of things that can be replicated with the innova-tion dollars that are in this bill. 
Very important to me, the bill sup-
ports the replication and expansion of high-quality charter schools, which we have seen have great success in Denver. 
I mentioned support for rural schools 
and districts. We have support for rural districts that I heard from that said: Michael, it is all well and good that Denver is able to get that grant money, but we don’t have a grant writer to be able to do it. 
This will give them assistance to be 
able to write those grants, and it will allow rural communities for the first time—like the community the Pre-siding Officer is from—to be able to come together, as they want to do, and apply jointly for funds from the Fed-eral Government. 
On accountability, very importantly, 
we kept the requirement for annual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.055 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8535 December 9, 2015 
testing in this bill. I hate testing as 
much as anybody else. Believe me, the Bennet girls who are students in the Denver public schools hate testing more than anybody else. But it is criti-cally important that until we can fig-ure out another measure, the only way we can measure growth of kids is through that annual test. I commend Chairman A
LEXANDER for keeping that 
option alive in his opening bill, and we kept it in the end. 
It still requires that we break down 
data so we can see how kids of color are doing compared to their peers and how low-income kids are doing com-pared to wealthier kids. It requires that States address the bottom 5 per-cent of schools and requires States to 
deal with the stubborn cases of high- performing schools where there are kids in subgroups—kids of color and in particular special needs kids—who aren’t succeeding and aren’t per-forming. 
It also relents in important respects 
and says that decisions about how to change schools don’t belong in the Fed-eral Government, don’t belong with the Department of Education, but they be-long at home. I agree with that com-pletely. 
I want to close, and I say to the Pre-
siding Officer, forgive me for asking for a few more additional moments. I want to thank all the Coloradoans who helped us write this bill. I thank the Colorado Association of School Execu-tives, the Colorado Association of School Boards, the Colorado Depart-ment of Education, the Colorado Board of Cooperative Educational Services, the Colorado Education Association, the American Federation of Teachers in Colorado, the dozens of teachers who took time to speak with us, numerous school districts and superintendents who provided us feedback and ideas, civil rights groups across the State, in-cluding the NAACP, the Urban League, and Padres & Jovenes Unidos, the Colo-rado Impact Aid advocates, Colorado’s Children Campaign, Colorado Succeeds, the Charter School League, Rural Schools Alliance, Colorado PTA, Clay-ton Early Learning, the Merage Foun-dation, the Colorado Education Initia-tive, and many more. 
This is a great day in the Senate. It 
is proof that we can overcome our dif-ferences and come together and actu-ally solve problems. But it is only the start of what we have to do. It is the next generation of Americans that is going to have the opportunity we have. In this global economy, this shrinking economy, in some ways this savage economy, it is going to be harder and harder to get by without an education. It is going to be harder to get by with something north of a high school di-ploma, harder to get by with some-thing less than a college education. It is hard to get by if you don’t have ac-cess to midcareer education so you can change your profession. But we have taken a step forward in this bill. 
I look forward to the day when I can 
come to the floor based on the results that we see to demonstrate that the 
ZIP Code you are born into doesn’t de-termine the education you get; when we are actually funding what we say we are funding in order to close the achievement gap; when we see that kids 0 to 5 actually have access to those 30 million words that their more affluent peers have; when we can say that every kid in America is going to a school that any Senator in this place would be proud to send their kids; when we can say to anybody in Amer-ica who has worked hard through their K–12 education and been admitted to the best college they could get into that ‘‘You can go there and not bank-rupt yourself or your family.’’ Then we can come to the floor and say we are not treating children like they are someone else’s children; we are treat-ing America’s children like they are America’s children. And I think we can get there working together. 
I will close by again saying thank 
you to my colleagues on the HELP Committee. Thank you to Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M URRAY and 
their counterparts in the House of Rep-resentatives. Thank you for all of your good work. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
The Senator from Nevada. 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to enter into a col-loquy with my colleague, the Senator from New Mexico. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MIDDLE CLASS HEALTH BENEFITS 
TAX REPEAL ACT 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, to-
gether we rise to share our concerns about the devastating impact of the Cadillac tax enacted as part of ObamaCare. As the Presiding Officer knows, I know, and those around the country know, the Cadillac tax is a 40- percent excise tax set to take effect in 2018 on employer-sponsored health in-surance plans. 
My colleagues from across the coun-
try have heard the same concerns that I have. As both my friend from New Mexico and I have heard, this 40-per-cent tax will increase costs, signifi-cantly reduce benefits, or result in em-ployers getting rid of their employer- sponsored health care coverage all to-gether. 
This is precisely why Senator H
EIN-
RICH and I have offered the Middle 
Class Health Benefits Tax Repeal Act 
of 2015, the only bipartisan piece of leg-islation that would fully repeal this on-erous tax. Our bill has 22 bipartisan co-sponsors. We all agree that this tax should be fully repealed because we know it will have a negative effect on hard-working, tax-paying Americans. This was clearly demonstrated last week when the Senate overwhelmingly supported and adopt our amendment to fully repeal the Cadillac tax by a vote of 90 to 10. Organized labor, the chamber of com-
merce, local and State governments, small businesses, seniors, and, to-gether, 90 percent of the Senate—we put forth a solution to fix a problem af-fecting many Americans and their fam-ilies. It is very rare these days to see this much agreement in Washington. Members on both sides of the aisle— Senator H
EINRICH and I—came to-
gether, listened to what our constitu-ents had to say, and sent a mandate to the President to repeal this tax. Today we will discuss why fully repealing the 40-percent excise tax is so important for middle-class families. Whether it is through our legislation, which is S. 2045, the Middle Class Health Benefits Tax Repeal Act of 2015, or through other must-pass legislation, we hope to address this by the end of the year. Senator H
EINRICH and I will do every-
thing we can within our power to re-peal this tax. 
I thank the Senator from New Mex-
ico for his leadership in making real progress in fully repealing the Cadillac tax a reality, as we are here to speak about today. With our vote last week, the Senate sent a clear message that we can, and we should, fully repeal this tax. It takes both sides of the aisle lis-tening to the American people. 
With that, I ask Senator H
EINRICH  
what he has heard from his constitu-ents that makes full repeal of the Cad-illac tax so important. 
Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I start 
by thanking my colleague, Senator H
ELLER of Nevada, for his partnership 
and his leadership in pushing this issue forward and doing so effectively. I think the amendment we saw last week speaks to just how bipartisan this has become and how important it is. These days, there truly aren’t many things around this place where we get a 90-to- 10 vote. 
This tax, which will go into effect in 
2018, was meant to help pay for other parts of the Affordable Care Act by charging a 40-percent tax on the high-est cost, employer-based health plans. It was supposed to target only overly generous health plans—the ‘‘Cadillacs on the health care highways,’’ so to speak. In practice, however, the tax has become more of a ‘‘Ford Focus tax.’’ It will impact middle-income families who, for reasons that are largely outside their control, have health plans that already or soon will reach their policy limits. 
The tax will force many employers to 
pay steep taxes on their employees’ health plans and flexible spending ac-counts. It will possibly eliminate some employer-provided health care plans altogether. 
The Cadillac tax has already limited 
options for New Mexicans to curb costs and keep plans affordable. Let me give an example. I recently heard from Jamie Wagoner, the benefits and com-pensation manager for the city of Farmington, NM. Under her leadership, the city began implementing wellness programs to slow the increase in health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.057 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8536 December 9, 2015 
spending—exactly what we all wanted. 
Unfortunately, the city recently learned that its wellness programs would ultimately be factored in as a benefit subject to the Cadillac tax. 
It doesn’t make sense that benefits 
designed to promote health and wellness, and ultimately drive down costs, actually end up triggering this new tax. This creates an inverted in-centive for employers to avoid preven-tive benefits, such as wellness pro-grams, that we all know are central to keeping our health care costs under control. 
There are better ways to pay for the 
good things in the Affordable Care Act. Doing away with this onerous tax on employees’ health coverage before it goes into effect will protect important benefits for workers and ensure that businesses and families get a fair deal. 
I have always opposed this tax on the 
middle class, and I worked to strip it from the ACA when I was a freshman legislator in the House of Representa-tives. In New Mexico, small business owners, labor unions, counties, rural electric co-ops, municipalities—you name it—all oppose the tax. When was the last time we had a piece of legisla-tion that united all of those constitu-encies? 
That is why Senator H
ELLER and I in-
troduced the Middle Class Health Bene-fits Tax Repeal Act of 2015 to fully re-peal this tax. This bipartisan effort also has companion legislation in the House of Representatives—legislation that has 178 cosponsors from both sides of the aisle. There was a vote on an amendment that Senator H
ELLER of-
fered to include a full repeal of the Cadillac tax in the budget reconcili-ation bill, and the amendment was adopted 90 to 10, as my colleague point-ed out. 
The landmark reforms in the ACA 
have given thousands of my constitu-ents access to affordable, quality health care for the first time in their lives. But even the strongest sup-porters of this law know it is not per-fect, and there are some parts of it that we absolutely need to fix. This is one of them. 
Republicans and Democrats need to 
put aside the partisan politics, put aside the grandstanding, and remember why Congress passed the ACA in the first place—to expand access to quality health care for all Americans. We need to work together to produce pragmatic policy that helps us achieve that goal. 
So I ask my colleague from Nevada 
specifically how this Cadillac tax, as it is called, would impact his residents and constituents in the State of Ne-vada. 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from New Mexico for the question. It is a simple answer. That answer is 1.3 million people—1.3 mil-lion Nevadans are affected by this Cad-illac tax. There are 1.3 million workers who have employer-sponsored health insurance plans, and they will all get hit by this Cadillac tax. Let me tell you what I am talking 
about. In this case, we are talking about public employees across the State. We are talking about service in-dustry workers, those who work in Las Vegas on the Strip. They will be im-pacted by this legislation. We are talk-ing small business owners across the State of Nevada. They all know they are going to get hit by this 40-percent excise tax. Not to be left out, of course, are the retirees, the seniors in the State of Nevada that will also be af-fected by this particular tax. 
We are talking about three things: 
reducing benefits, increasing pre-miums, and also higher deductibles. Let me repeat the three things that this excise tax does: It reduces bene-fits, increases premiums, and raises deductibles. These are three things that none of us want to see, not in this Chamber. All these lead to more money being taken out of the pockets of tax-payers and hard-working families. 
For those who supported this law, 
this tax was intended to go after high- cost plans provided to the very wealthiest Americans. Clearly, we see in this colloquy back and forth that is not the case. This is going to hurt every middle-class, hard-working, tax- paying American. 
We know this tax is hard hitting, and 
it will affect the middle class. For that purpose, the Senator from New Mexico and I have brought this legislation to this floor. Again, we will repeat, it was a 90-to-10 vote—something we don’t see very often in this Chamber. I believe that kind of a vote is a message for every American. 
I said on the floor recently when we 
were having this debate that nobody in America supports this; nobody in America supports a 40-percent excise tax on their health care benefits. No-body does. There may be a few here in Washington, DC, but when you get out-side of Washington, DC, nobody sup-ports it. That is why we are having this discussion today, so we can inform not only Nevadans, not only New Mexicans but our colleagues here in this Cham-ber how important and how onerous this is. 
Having said that, maybe we can get 
more information on what the Cadillac tax really does, and we will hear the answer to that question from Senator H
EINRICH . 
Mr. HEINRICH. I thank my col-
league. 
Mr. President, the whole policy ob-
jective of the Cadillac tax was sup-posed to cap excessive spending as a way to reduce health care spending and to generate revenue for other parts of the ACA. Obviously, the popular name of the tax implies that it is only going to hit a few individuals with gold-plat-ed health insurance plans. When this was proposed and included in the ACA, people cited Goldman Sachs’ executive health benefits plans as sort of the poster child for the Cadillac plan. Obvi-ously, they chose very wisely in the way that they branded this. But this tax targets many plans that aren’t gold 
plated; they are barely bronze plated. It solidly taxes middle-class workers. 
Proponents of the Cadillac tax are 
operating under the clearly flawed premise that plans with overly gen-erous benefits are the primary drivers of increased health insurance pro-grams, and we know today that is not the case. The data doesn’t back it up. 
According to a 2014 report, the rich-
ness of plan benefits accounts only for about 6 percent of the overall increases in a plan’s premium growth. The costs of employer health plans are actually driven by factors that are largely out of the control of the actual bene-ficiary—things like the group’s size, the health status of the firm’s employ-ees, or the age band for those employ-ees. Geography alone accounts for 69.3 percent of a plan’s premium growth, which obviously would be completely unaffected. 
It is clear that the Cadillac tax will 
hurt millions of workers, their fami-lies, retirees—all with health plans of modest value. This includes low- and moderate-income families, people on fixed incomes because they are retir-ees, public sector employees, small businesses, the self-employed, includ-ing three-quarters of a million New Mexicans. Let me put that in perspec-tive: There are only 2 million of us. 
I ask Senator H
ELLER , my colleague 
from the Silver State: What are em-ployers in the State of Nevada expect-ing will happen when the Cadillac tax goes into effect if we aren’t able to pass this legislation? 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, to an-
swer the question of the Senator from New Mexico: As he just mentioned, three-quarters of a million New Mexi-cans will be affected by this legisla-tion. As I said earlier, 1.3 million Ne-vadans will be affected. I think we have 3 million, so roughly half of Nevadans are going to be affected by this excise tax—a 40-percent excise tax. 
Fortunately, through Senator H
EIN-
RICH’s hard work and our efforts here 
on this floor, again, I repeat, we passed this legislation 90 to 10. I think it bears heavily on the hard work my friend from New Mexico did to get this in front of this Chamber. 
As we can imagine, if 1.3 million Ne-
vadans are affected by this, you will hear from all of them. You do. You hear from all of them. I have heard from large companies, I have heard from small businesses, and I have heard from health care employees such as hospitals and the American Cancer So-ciety. Organized labor in Nevada has contacted my office, as have senior citizens throughout my State. They are all saying the same thing. They are saying: The Cadillac tax needs to be fully repealed or our employees will ex-perience massive changes to their health care. I think that bears repeat-ing. The Cadillac tax needs to be fully repealed or our employees will experi-ence massive changes to their health care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.059 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8537 December 9, 2015 
Large employers who negotiate 
multiyear contracts are seeing this tax come up quickly for 2018. Yes, this tax goes into effect in the year 2018. As my friend from New Mexico and I know, they are negotiating these contracts today. For 2018, they are negotiating contracts for large companies, labor or-ganizations, and even public employ-ees—today for 2018. That is why it is so important at this moment. They are planning and negotiating with employ-ers now for how this tax will impact their employees’ benefits within the next 2 years. 
I was talking with D. Taylor from 
the Culinary Union, a prominent orga-nized labor group in my home State of Nevada, as well as in New York City and California. D. told me that if Con-gress doesn’t repeal the Cadillac tax, culinary employees will see massive changes to their health care plans. 
In a letter he sent me in September, 
urging Republicans and Democrats to work together on this issue—which we are—he called the 40-percent excise tax a ‘‘dark cloud . . . that has already started to impact negotiations and shift costs to [their] members.’’ That is what it is doing to the Culinary Union in Nevada. It is a dark cloud, according to D. Taylor, and it is already impact-ing negotiations, shifting costs over to the employers. 
To make matters worse, the chief fi-
nancial officer of a waste recycling company, Action Environmental, re-cently told the Wall Street Journal that his company would consider get-ting rid of its employee coverage alto-gether because of ObamaCare’s Cad-illac tax. 
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, will the 
Senator yield for a question at some point? 
Mr. HELLER. Certainly. Mr. SASSE. It doesn’t need to be 
now. 
Mr. HELLER. Let me finish this. 
He said: ‘‘I’d be lying if I said we 
haven’t had that discussion.’’ Again, this goes back to the chief financial of-ficer of a waste and recycling company. 
Delta Airlines expects ObamaCare 
will cost it $100 million per year. Imag-ine that, one company—Delta Air-lines—and the ACA will cost them $100 million per year. One reason for new costs is the 40-percent excise tax on Delta’s employee health benefits. 
As if Americans don’t have enough 
trouble as it is with issues with air-lines these days, just add a 40-percent excise tax. Some have identified the Cadillac tax as a tax that just hits unions or a tax that just hits wealthy Americans, but the Cadillac tax is a tax on the middle class. I think we know that. I think we understand that. That is why we saw the vote we did last week. It is a tax on small businesses, it is a tax on the middle class, and it is a tax on retirees. 
With that, I know we have a question 
from my friend from Nebraska. I wish to give him an opportunity to raise that question. Mr. SASSE. Thank you, sir, and the 
Senator from New Mexico. Thank you for letting me get in. 
I know we don’t have a lot of genuine 
open debates around here, so I want to be honest. This is a little bit awkward to delicately step onto the floor. 
I was listening to the debate. I wasn’t 
planning to speak, but I thought I would ask the question. I think the pay-fors in ObamaCare are problematic across the board. I am not a particular defender of any of these pay-fors, but I would ask sincerely, Why would you two be interested in prioritizing chang-ing the tax deductibility or the limits for people who already have tax-pro-tected insurance, but we are not talk-ing about any sort of tax break for the small business people who have none? 
The simple fact is we have the par-
ticular problems we have in America in health care because of wage and price controls at the end of World War II, where if an employee could get an extra dollar of wages, they would clear-ly be taxed, but if they got an extra dollar of benefits through their large employer group, that would be tax-free. That is limitless, but that tax benefit only applies to people who are in large groups. If you are in a small business, you don’t get any deductibility. 
I am not disagreeing with the specific 
policy you are advocating, but I would ask why would we prioritize this policy when there is no conversation hap-pening on the floor for all the small business men and women in America, the farmers and ranchers who get abso-lutely zero tax protection? I am trying to understand the prioritization. 
Mr. HEINRICH. I want to first wel-
come our colleague from Nebraska to this conversation. I am sure he has heard a lot about this from his con-stituents as well. I think the reason the timing of this is so critical is be-cause we see the impacts of this com-ing at the moment. We still have enough time to do something about it, but we are already seeing the impacts on people who are negotiating con-tracts now, the impacts of business plans for this. 
I think the Senator from Nebraska 
raises a valid question in that we have a certain incentive built into the cur-rent system by virtue of having large health care plans, employer-based plans not be taxed. I actually think it points a way to a more reasonable and elegant way to potentially pay for things in the ACA that some of us value, but that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t also have that conversation about individual plans and small busi-ness and farm and ranch plans because obviously those are people who have a very hard time attaching themselves to these large pools. 
Mr. SASSE. I thank the Senator. I 
think we all know we need to do gen-uine health care reform sometime soon in the future because the reality is, the No. 1 driver of uninsurance in America is not preexisting medical conditions, although we all should empathize with the 4 million of the 320 million of us in 
America who have uninsurable pre-existing medical conditions, but we are dealing with something on the order of 70 to 80 million Americans in a given calendar year who pass through a pe-riod of uninsurance, and the vast ma-jority of them are uninsured because of our insurance pooling arrangements that are still an artifact of the 1940s and 1950s, where people had one job for decades at a time. 
When I was a college president, until 
a year ago coming to join you all here, and I would shake kids’ hands at grad-uation when they walked across the stage, they were not going to just change jobs, they were going to change industries three times in their first decade postcollege. The No. 1 driver of uninsurance in America is job change. These kinds of policies that we are de-bating on the floor today make it hard-er to create portable health insurance plans that go with people across job and geographic change, which is actu-ally what is driving the uninsurance in America. 
I thank the Senator for allowing me 
to sneak in for a minute. I am a rookie learning my way around here, but I was on the floor listening to your debate. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Nebraska for his input. He is right. There is a broader discussion that has to be had. The Sen-ator from New Mexico and myself are trying to hit on an issue that we feel is vitally important going forward as this new excise tax hits the American peo-ple in 2018. 
To the Senator from Nebraska, I 
have no doubt that there is a much broader discussion that needs to be dis-cussed on health care. In fact, this dis-cussion the Senator from New Mexico and I are having isn’t on the Affordable Care Act at this point. We are not dis-cussing the Affordable Care Act. We are talking about a principle within it—a tax increase that we believe is on-erous and important today. What you are saying is important. Don’t get me wrong. It ought to be discussed. We have to find a venue to have that dis-cussion. Thank you very much for your involvement. 
I want to ask the Senator from New 
Mexico how this 40-percent excise tax would affect workers in New Mexico. 
Mr. HEINRICH. According to one 
source, the Kaiser Family Foundation, one in four employers that offer health care benefits will be affected by the Cadillac tax in 2018 if their plans re-main unchanged. Despite the fact that the tax doesn’t go into effect until then, many employers have already begun scaling back their coverage to avoid that. Despite the fact that the tax itself is set to go into effect in 2018, we are already seeing the impacts to small businesses, to economies now. 
As employers consider ways to lower 
the costs of their health care plans, many are shifting costs to their em-ployees. Increased deductibles, copays, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.061 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8538 December 9, 2015 
out-of-pocket maximums, higher co-
payments and deductibles leave many, especially low- and middle-income workers, underinsured, who are exactly the folks who were not supposed to be touched by the Cadillac tax. These are definitely people in my State who are not driving Cadillacs. I can assure you of that. 
According to a study by the Amer-
ican College of Emergency Physicians, higher out-of-pocket costs result in de-layed medical care as many forgo es-sential care when they get sick and be-come less likely to fill their prescrip-tions or stick to their doctors’ treat-ment plans, and those with higher out- of-pocket costs are also more likely to seek medical treatment in emergency rooms—the most expensive way to get health care treatment. This is pre-cisely what we were trying to avoid with the advent of the Affordable Care Act. 
I want to ask my colleague from Ne-
vada, in particular, you mentioned a number of different constituencies whom you have heard from about this tax—people such as the culinary work-ers. Are they upper class, Cadillac-driv-ing constituents or are they middle- class folks who are just trying to put food on the table and maybe send their kids to college someday? Who is going to be impacted by this? 
Mr. HELLER. I thank the Senator 
from New Mexico. I want to go to the same report. I think it clarifies his point and the question he just asked me. 
Again, as he mentioned, 1.3 million 
Nevadans are going to be affected by this 40-percent excise tax. Three-quar-ters of a million New Mexicans are going to be affected by this excise tax. So I have hard time believing that most of them are wealthy enough to have to pay and for their employers to have to pay this kind of tax. 
Let’s go back to the Kaiser Family 
Foundation—a report that you quoted from. I have a number of statistics. I think it will better clarify. There is a quote in here that I want to emphasize that answers the point and the ques-tion you brought out. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, employees who have job-based insurance have wit-nessed their out-of-pocket expenses climb from $900 in 2010 to $1,300 in 2015. That is an average. That is on average a 50-percent increase in their health care costs in the last 5 years. Employ-ees working for small businesses now have deductibles over $1,800 on average. Kaiser also noted that the deductibles have risen nearly seven times faster than workers’ earnings since 2010. 
If you are the average middle-class 
family, with an average income, can you imagine your deductibles rising seven times faster than your earnings have since 2010? Here is the quote from Kaiser’s president, Drew Altman, that really answers your question: 
It’s quite a revolution. When deductibles 
are rising seven times faster than wages . . . it means that people can’t pay their rent . . . they can’t buy their gasoline. They can’t 
eat. 
If that doesn’t answer the question of 
who is getting affected by this—they are individuals who go month to month, week to week, day to day on their wages. When you have deductibles rising seven times faster than your earnings, you get to a point, as Mr. Altman said, that you can’t pay your rent, you can’t pay your gas, and you can’t afford to eat. 
As deductibles rise, another way em-
ployers are planning on avoiding a massive new tax is by eliminating their popular health savings accounts— HSAs—and FSAs. Over 33 million Americans who have FSAs and 13.5 mil-lion Americans who are using HSAs may see these accounts vanish in the coming years as companies scramble to avoid this 40-percent excise tax. HSAs and FSAs are used for things such as hospital and maternity services. HSAs and FSAs are used for things such as childcare and dental care, physical therapy, and access to mental health services. Access to these lifesaving services could all be gone for tens of millions of Americans if the Cadillac tax is not fully repealed. Deductibles are rising, premiums are rising, and services are being cut. 
Today we have talked a lot about 
how employers are making major changes to their workers’ health care in order to avoid this tax. If employ-ers—whether it is a union or private company—are changing their employ-ees’ health care benefits to avoid the Cadillac tax, this tax is not going to generate the kind of revenue the Con-gressional Budget Office originally an-ticipated. 
To that question directly, I ask Sen-
ator H
EINRICH , are CBO’s cost assump-
tions accurate? 
Mr. HEINRICH. I thank the Senator 
for the question because I think this is incredibly important. The CBO esti-mated that the ACA would generate $93 billion over 10 years with this tax, but when you drill down on that, only one- quarter of that—about $23 billion—ac-tually comes from excise tax receipts themselves. The remaining three-quar-ters comes from revenue that would be theoretically generated from increases in taxable wages that some economists expected would be coupled with reduc-tions in health care benefits. In other words, all the money you are saving, you are going to pass on to the employ-ees in the form of a raise. We simply know that is not what happens in the real world. In fact, employer surveys over the past few years have conclu-sively pointed to one unifying fact, that at best employers will not raise wages for their workers to compensate for downgrading of employee health in-surance benefits. 
In fact, a recent American Health 
Policy Institute study found that three-quarters of employers said that they would not raise wages in order to make up for less comprehensive health insurance plans. I say to Senator H
ELLER , I know we 
are being joined by the leader here, and I am going to have to run to another event in a few minutes, but I want to ask you if you would maybe consider a quick wrapup. I want to make the point that I think we have gotten as far as we have with this effort because of the incredible leadership you have shown, because of the bipartisan na-ture of this effort, because it is simply common sense that we need to make sure people have easier access to af-fordable care, and that the Cadillac tax may have sounded good at the time, but we are clearly learning today that this is a Ford Focus tax that will hit your middle-class families, my middle- class working families, and it is some-thing we ought to be able to agree should be repealed. 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I want 
to wrap this up. I know the leader is here, and I want to give him ample time. 
I thank the Senator from New Mex-
ico for his comments and for his help and support on this legislation moving forward. I appreciate all the work to get this bipartisan bill to the finish line, and I know we will continue to work together to repeal this bad tax. Once again, whether it is my bipartisan bill, our bipartisan bill, this Chamber’s bipartisan bill or a year-end package like tax extenders, we need to repeal this bad tax. Fully repealing the Cad-illac tax is an opportunity for Repub-licans and Democrats to work together and join forces to appeal a bad tax for one purpose, and that is to help 151 million workers keep the health insur-ance they love. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILL RIS 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I would 
like to take a moment to thank Will Ris for his service to American avia-tion and to congratulate him on his well-deserved retirement. 
For nearly 20 years, Will has been 
senior vice president of government af-fairs for American Airlines—the prin-cipal government relations executive for the airline. His diverse responsibil-ities include directing all of Ameri-can’s activities with Congress, the ad-ministration, and several Federal agen-cies. And what could possibly be better than waking up every day and helping Congress and the Federal Government better understand the airline industry? 
Earlier this year, Will announced 
that he will retire from American Air-lines at the end of this month. 
Will Ris’s impact on American Air-
lines and its people cannot be over-stated. Since joining American in 1996, Will has been a dedicated representa-tive and the voice of the airline and its people; but, more importantly, he has been a trusted advocate on Capitol Hill. I have worked with Will and his American Airlines team on countless issues that affect passenger air service 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.062 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8539 December 9, 2015 
at Chicago O’Hare International Air-
port and throughout downstate Illi-nois. His honesty, professionalism, pa-tience, and sense of humor have made him one of the most sought after advi-sors on airline industry issues. He will be missed. 
During Will’s tenure at American, he 
led the effort to protect the domestic aviation industry, assure the continued viability of passenger service, and es-tablish new security measures in the wake of the attacks in 2001. He has also led the effort to gain public and polit-ical support for the merger between American and U.S. Airways—creating a strong, competitive airline employing more than 100,000 people all over the world. 
American Airlines chairman and CEO 
Doug Parker recently honored Will with these words: ‘‘Will understands commercial aviation and cares about the frontline professionals who are the backbone of our business. Will em-bodies all of the best things about American Airlines, and thanks to his extraordinary efforts, American will be great for years.’’ 
Prior to joining American, Will rep-
resented the airline as outside counsel for 13 years as the executive vice presi-dent of the Wexler Group. He also served as a trial attorney for the U.S. Civil Aeronautics Board from 1975 to 1978. In 1978, Will was appointed coun-sel to the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation and its Aviation Subcommittee. In this post, Will played a major role in drafting the Airline Deregulation Act of 1978 and successfully navigating the legislative maze all the way to Presi-dent Jimmy Carter’s desk for his signa-ture. This landmark law changed the face of commercial aviation in this country. 
Will Ris’s love of aviation and pas-
sion for American Airlines is well known, but more importantly, Will is known as one of the most decent men in Washington. He spends countless hours committed to community serv-ice. He serves as chairman emeritus of the board of directors of the Green Door, Inc., the oldest and largest be-havioral health providers—helping nearly 1,600 people every year battling chronic mental health and substance abuse conditions. Additionally, he serves as vice chair of the American Association of People with Disabil-ities—the country’s largest cross-dis-abilities membership organization. He is also a director of the Ford’s Theater board of governors, the Business-Gov-ernment Relations Council, the Ad-vanced Navigation and Positioning Corporation in Hood River, OR, and a member of the board of trustees for the Woolly Mammoth Theater right here in Washington, DC. Where does he find the time? 
I want to congratulate Will Ris on 
his distinguished career and thank him for his service to American Airlines. I have had the privilege in public life to meet some outstanding people; I count Will Ris as one of those people. I wish 
him and his wife, Nancy, all the best in the next chapter of their lives. 
Thank you. 
f 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, 
SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION CBO COST ESTIMATE—S. 2044 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, when the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation filed its report on S. 2044, the Consumer Review Freedom Act of 2015, the estimate of the Con-gressional Budget Office was not avail-able. The estimate has since been re-ceived. 
I ask unanimous consent that the es-
timate from the Congressional Budget Office be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. C ONGRESS , 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , 
Washington, DC, December 9, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNTHUNE , 
Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation, U.S. Senate, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional 
Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for S. 2044, the Consumer Review Freedom Act of 2015. 
If you wish further details on this esti-
mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Susan Willie. 
Sincerely, 
K
EITH HALL. 
S. 2044—C ONSUMER REVIEW FREEDOM ACT OF  
2015 
S. 2044 would void provisions of certain 
types of contracts that: 
Restrict the ability of a party to the con-
tract from publishing a review or analysis of the performance of another party under the contract; 
Impose a penalty or fee for publishing such 
a review; and 
Transfer or require the transfer of any 
rights to the intellectual property of the per-son who created the review. 
The bill would prohibit the use of con-
tracts that contain those provisions and au-thorize the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to enforce those new prohibitions. In addi-tion, the FTC would be authorized to seek civil penalties for violations of the new pro-hibitions. Finally, S. 2044 would direct the FTC to develop an education and outreach program to provide businesses with best practices for complying with the new restric-tions. 
Based on information from the FTC, CBO 
estimates that the cost of implementing S. 2044 would not be significant because the agency is able to enforce similar prohibi-tions and provide compliance assistance under its existing general authorities. CBO estimates that enacting S. 2044 would in-crease federal revenues from the added au-thority to collect civil penalties; therefore, pay-as-you-go procedures apply. However, we expect those collections would be insignifi-cant because of the small number of cases that the agency would probably pursue. En-acting the bill would not affect direct spend-ing. 
CBO estimates that enacting S. 2044 would 
not increase net direct spending or on-budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10- year periods beginning in 2026. 
S. 2044 contains no intergovernmental 
mandates as defined in the Unfunded Man-dates Reform Act (UMRA) and would not af-
fect the budgets of state, local, or tribal gov-ernments. 
Although the Federal Trade Commission 
has begun to enforce prohibitions on con-tract provisions similar to those outlined in the bill under its existing authorities, to the extent that such provisions are not currently considered void in all jurisdictions, the bill would impose a private-sector mandate as defined in UMRA on entities that use such provisions in their contracts. The cost of the mandate would be the value of forgone in-come from out-of-court settlements and compensation for damages the entities could be awarded under a breach of contract claim. However, reliable and comprehensive infor-mation concerning the number of businesses that continue to use contracts containing such provisions, the number of those that re-quire monetary payment, and the level of any such payments is not available. In addi-tion, although the court cases in which con-sumers have challenged these provisions have resulted in judgments in favor of the consumer, the limited sample of such cases cannot be used to generalize about the re-sults of such cases in other jurisdictions. Therefore, CBO cannot determine whether the cost of the mandate would exceed the an-nual threshold established in UMRA for pri-vate-sector mandates ($154 million in 2015, adjusted annually for inflation). 
The CBO staff contacts for this estimate 
are Susan Willie (for federal costs) and Logan Smith (for the impact on the private sector). The estimate was approved by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Direc-tor for Budget Analysis. 
f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 4305 
of S. Con. Res. 11, the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, allows the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee to revise the alloca-tions, aggregates, and levels in the budget resolution for legislation re-lated to health care reform. The au-thority to adjust is contingent on the legislation not increasing the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016–2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016–2025. 
I find that H.R. 3762, as passed the 
Senate, fulfills the conditions of deficit neutrality found in section 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11. Accordingly, I am revising the allocations to the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, HELP, and the budgetary aggregates to ac-count for the budget effects of the bill. I am also adjusting the unassigned to committee savings levels in the budget resolution to reflect that, while there are savings in the bill attributable to both the HELP and Finance Commit-tees, the Congressional Budget Office and Joint Committee on Taxation are unable to produce unique estimates for each provision due to interactions and other effects that are estimated simul-taneously. 
The adjustments that I filed on 
Thursday, December 3, 2015, are now void and replaced by these new adjust-ments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.040 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8540 December 9, 2015 
I ask unanimous consent that the ac-
companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: BUDGET AGGREGATES—BUDGET AUTHORITY AND 
OUTLAYS 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-
tion 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ in millions 2016 
Current Aggregates: 
Spending: 
Budget Authority .................................. 3,033,488 Outlays ................................................. 3,091,974 
Adjustments: 
Spending: 
Budget Authority .................................. ¥24,200 BUDGET AGGREGATES—BUDGET AUTHORITY AND 
OUTLAYS—Continued 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-
tion 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ in millions 2016 
Outlays ................................................. ¥24,300 
Revised Aggregates: 
Spending: 
Budget Authority .................................. 3,009,288 Outlays ................................................. 3,067,674 
BUDGET AGGREGATE—REVENUES 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution  on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ in millions 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Current Aggregates: 
Revenue ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 2,675,967 14,4 15,914 32,233,099 
Adjustments: 
Revenue ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................. ¥57,000 ¥381,500 ¥992,700 
Revised Aggregates: 
Revenue ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 2,618,967 14,0 34,414 31,240,399 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON FINANCE 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution  on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ in millions 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Current Allocation: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 2,179,749 12,342,55 1 29,428,176 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 2,169,759 12, 322,705 29,403,199 
Adjustments: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ ¥2,000 ¥4,600 16,200 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. ¥2,000 ¥4,600 16,200 
Revised Allocation: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 2,177,749 12,337,95 1 29,444,376 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 2,167,759 12, 318,105 29,419,399 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution  on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ in millions 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Current Allocation: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 12,137 87,301 174,3 72 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 14,271 87,783  182,631 
Adjustments: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 0 ¥4,200 ¥13,700 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 0 ¥2,400 ¥10,900 
Revised Allocation: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 12,137 83,101 160,6 72 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 14,271 85,383  171,731 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO UNASSIGNED TO COMMITTEE 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 4305 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution  on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$ in millions 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Current Allocation: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ ¥930,099 ¥6,014,283 ¥15,268,775 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. ¥884,618 ¥5,887,158 ¥14,949,026 
Adjustments: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ ¥22,100 ¥463,500 ¥1,368,800 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. ¥22,100 ¥463,500 ¥1,368,800 
Revised Allocation: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ ¥952,199 ¥6,477,783 ¥16,637,575 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. ¥906,718 ¥6,350,658 ¥16,317,826 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS LOGSDON 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, 
today I wish to recognize and honor the extraordinary service of Thomas ‘‘Al’’ Logsdon. A dedicated educator and a longtime community leader, Al rep-resents Hoosier values at their finest. 
Beginning his career in 1964 after 
graduating from Western Kentucky University with a degree in biology and Spanish, he taught science and coached several sports. From 1970 to 2003, Al has served as the principal of several schools across Indiana, Kentucky, and Illinois. 
During this time, Al continued his 
education earning a Master of Science and Education Specialist degrees from Murray State University in 1970 and 1980, respectively. As principal, Al led his schools to 
great success and they received well- deserved awards for their hard work and achievement. In both 2000 and 2003, Heritage Jr./Sr. High School was se-lected as one of the top six schools in Indiana, as well as being honored with the International Reading Associa-tion’s National Award in 2000 for hav-ing an outstanding high school reading program. Al was honored as the Indi-ana High School Principal of the Year in 1989 and was selected by his peers to serve both on the executive committee of the Indiana Principal’s Association and to represent them for 8 years as State coordinator to the National As-sociation of Secondary School Prin-cipals. 
In 2005, Al was elected Spencer Coun-
ty Commissioner. In that capacity, Al maintains various responsibilities, but 
one that he considers to be among the most rewarding and challenging has been serving as president of the drain-age board. The board’s initiative of cre-ating a nine-member advisory board, which makes recommendations across the county, won statewide recognition by the Indiana Association of County Commissioners. Al later served on the State board of the Indiana Association of County Commissioners and eventu-ally as president, as well as serving on the Association of Indiana Commis-sioners Executive Board. 
Never one to leave teaching com-
pletely, Al became involved in na-tional, State, and local teacher retire-ment organizations currently serving as the president of the Spencer County Retired Teachers Association. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.034 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8541 December 9, 2015 
Since his retirement, Al has been 
serving as a private consultant for an organization in southwestern Indiana that is engaged in assisting 32 schools implement school improvement plans. He is also spending time with several school districts in West Virginia, Penn-sylvania, Ohio, and Indiana, helping them in efforts to begin schoolwide reading programs for all students. 
In addition to his longstanding com-
munity service, Al is a loving husband, father, and grandfather. Al’s wife, Jeanne, is a retired schoolteacher, and together, they have four children and six grandchildren. In his free time, Al has enjoyed coaching three sports and officiating basketball and baseball con-tests. He is a member of the Knights of Columbus Chapter at St. Francis of As-sisi Church, a member of Optimist Club, and serves on the Spencer County Bank Board of Directors. He enjoys vis-iting with family and friends, as well as traveling, reading, fishing, and, of course, playing golf. 
Today I honor Al’s legacy of service 
and wish to express my sincere grati-tude for his leadership and dedication to his community and our great State of Indiana. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OUR LADY OF 
MOUNT CARMEL SCHOOL 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, 
today I wish to applaud Our Lady of Mount Carmel School of Carmel, IN, for being recognized as a 2015 National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Depart-ment of Education. 
Established in 1982, the National Blue 
Ribbon Schools Program has recog-nized over 7,500 public and nonpublic schools that have demonstrated a vi-sion of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has offered the op-portunity for schools in every State to gain recognition for educational ac-complishments in closing the achieve-ment gaps among student groups. 
Our Lady of Mount Carmel School 
continues to be one of the best per-forming schools in the State of Indi-ana. It has been named an Indiana Four Star School. 
In 2014, Our Lady of Mount Carmel 
School’s ISTEP+ pass rate for English/ Language Arts scores increased reached 96.9 percent. Mathematics scores increased to 98.8 percent com-bined for third through fifth grades. 
Our Lady of Mount Carmel School’s 
effectiveness can be found in its holis-tic approach and dedication to student achievement. Our Lady of Mount Car-mel staff, students, and students’ fami-lies work together to teach and instill values that develop strong character including integrity, responsibility, and service. With some of the highest English and mathematics scores in In-
diana, Our Lady of Mount Carmel School is a stellar example of the bene-fits that result from dedication, moti-vation, collaboration, and family part-nership in education. I would like to acknowledge Our 
Lady of Mount Carmel School prin-cipal, Sister Mary Emily Knapp, the entire staff, the student body, and their families. The effort, dedication, and value you put into education led not only to this prestigious recogni-tion, but will benefit you and our com-munities well into the future. 
On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I 
congratulate Our Lady of Mount Car-mel School, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the fu-ture. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PRAIRIE VISTA 
ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, 
today I wish to applaud Prairie Vista Elementary School of Granger, IN, for being recognized as a 2015 National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Depart-ment of Education. 
Established in 1982, the National Blue 
Ribbon Schools Program has recog-nized over 7,500 public and nonpublic schools that have demonstrated a vi-sion of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has offered the op-portunity for schools in every State to gain recognition for educational ac-complishments in closing the achieve-ment gaps among student groups. 
Prairie Vista Elementary School con-
tinues to be one of the best performing schools in the State of Indiana. It has been named an Indiana Four Star School for the last 7 consecutive years. 
In 2014, Prairie Vista Elementary 
School’s ISTEP+ pass rate for English/ Language Arts scores increased to 98.7 percent. Mathematics scores increased over 3 points to reach 98.7 percent com-bined for third through fifth grades. 
Prairie Vista Elementary School’s ef-
fectiveness can be found in its holistic approach and dedication to student achievement. Prairie Vista Elementary staff, students, and students’ families work together to teach and instill val-ues that develop strong character and a sense of PRIDE—the capacity to be Prepared, Respectful, Independent, De-pendable, and Excellent learners. With some of the highest English and mathe-matics scores in Indiana, Prairie Vista Elementary School is a stellar example of the benefits that result from dedica-tion, motivation, collaboration, and family partnership in education. 
I would like to recognize Prairie 
Vista Elementary School principal, Keely Twibell, the entire staff, the stu-dent body, and their families. The ef-fort, dedication, and value you put into education led not only to this pres-tigious recognition, but will benefit you and our communities well into the future. 
On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I 
congratulate Prairie Vista Elementary School, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. RECOGNIZING SAINT PIUS X 
CATHOLIC SCHOOL 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, 
today I wish to applaud Saint Pius X Catholic School of Granger, IN, for being recognized as a 2015 National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Depart-ment of Education. 
Established in 1982, the National Blue 
Ribbon Schools Program has recog-nized over 7,500 public and nonpublic schools that have demonstrated a vi-sion of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has offered the op-portunity for schools in every State to gain recognition for exceptional edu-cational accomplishments. St. Pius X Catholic School was named an Exem-plary High Performing School. 
Saint Pius X Catholic School con-
tinues to be one of the best performing schools in the State of Indiana. It has been named an Indiana Four Star School multiple times. 
In 2014, Saint Pius X Catholic School 
ISTEP+ assessment averaged a 96 per-cent passing rate for English/Language Arts and a 98 percent passing rate in math. 
Saint Pius X Catholic School’s effec-
tiveness can be found in its holistic ap-proach and dedication to student achievement. Saint Pius X Catholic School staff, students, and students’ families work together to teach and foster values that develop strong char-acter including academic excellence, spiritual development, and service. With some of the highest English and mathematics scores in Indiana, Saint Pius X Catholic School is a stellar ex-ample of the benefits that result from dedication, motivation, collaboration, and family partnership in education. 
I would like to recognize Saint Pius 
X Catholic School principal, Elaine Holmes, the entire staff, the student body, and their families. The effort, dedication, and value you put into edu-cation led not only to this prestigious recognition, but will benefit you and our communities well into the future. 
On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I 
congratulate Saint Pius X Catholic School, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SOUTH ADAMS HIGH 
SCHOOL 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, 
today, I wish to applaud South Adams High School of Berne, IN, for being rec-ognized as a 2015 National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Edu-cation. 
Established in 1982, the National Blue 
Ribbon Schools Program has recog-nized over 7,500 public and nonpublic schools that have demonstrated a vi-sion of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has offered the op-portunity for schools in every State to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.005 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8542 December 9, 2015 
gain recognition for educational ac-
complishments in closing the achieve-ment gaps among student groups. 
South Adams High School continues 
to be one of the best performing schools in the State of Indiana. It has been named an Indiana Four Star School in 2012 and 2014. 
In 2014, South Adams High School 
improved its average standard score more than 23 points over the previous year to 73.83 points. It is the only high school in Indiana to receive the Na-tional Blue Ribbon School recognition in 2015. 
South Adams High School’s effective-
ness can be found in its holistic ap-proach and dedication to student achievement. South Adams High staff, students, and students’ families work together to teach and foster values that develop strong character includ-ing academic excellence, spiritual de-velopment, and service. South Adams High School is a stellar example of the benefits that result from dedication, motivation, collaboration, and family partnership in education. 
I would like to acknowledge South 
Adams High School principal, Trent Lehman, the entire staff, the student body, and their families. The effort, dedication, and value you put into edu-cation led not only to this prestigious recognition, but will benefit you and our communities well into the future. 
On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I 
congratulate South Adams High School, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING DOUGLAS 
SHORENSTEIN 
∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask my 
colleagues to join me in honoring the extraordinary life of Douglas Shorenstein, a loving husband, father, brother, passionate philanthropist, and pillar of the San Francisco community who passed away on November 24 after a long and courageous battle with can-cer. 
A proud San Francisco native, Doug-
las Shorenstein was born on February 10, 1955. After graduating from the Uni-versity of California, Berkeley and the University of California, Hastings Col-lege of the Law, Doug worked as a real estate attorney in New York before re-turning to his beloved hometown in 1983 to join his father’s real estate in-vestment and management firm, Shorenstein Properties. Doug became chairman and CEO in 1995 and over the years transformed his local develop-ment company into a major national real estate group. A true visionary, Doug had a keen ability to keep his thumb on the pulse of San Francisco’s evolving market. Because of him, key neighborhoods of San Francisco have been revitalized, and the company once started by his father now owns iconic buildings in cities across America. Doug also dedicated his immense tal-
ents to supporting many important causes that were dear to his heart. He was a board member of the Environ-mental Defense Fund, a member of the University of California San Francisco Medical Center Executive Council, and on the boards of several educational in-stitutions, including the Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics, and Public Policy at Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government, Vanderbilt University, and the Yale School of Management. He was also appointed to serve on the board of directors of the Federal Re-serve Bank of San Francisco in 2007, becoming chairman of the board in 2011. 
San Francisco has lost a true civic 
leader, and Doug will be deeply missed by all of us fortunate enough to have known him. I send my deepest condo-lences to his wife, Lydia; his children, Brandon, Sandra, and Danielle; and his sister, Carol Shorenstein Hays. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:56 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 1461. An act to provide for the extension 
of the enforcement instruction on super-vision requirements for outpatient thera-peutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2015. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 158. An act to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to provide enhanced se-curity measures for the visa waiver program, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2693. An act to designate the arbo-
retum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum’’. 
H.R. 3766. An act to direct the President to 
establish guidelines for United States for-eign development and economic assistance programs, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3842. An act to improve homeland se-
curity, including domestic preparedness and response to terrorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to pro-vide training to first responders, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3859. An act to make technical correc-
tions to the Homeland Security Act of 2002. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 12:42 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 614. An act to provide access to 
and use of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 1:37 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed 
the following enrolled bills: 
S. 1177. An act to reauthorize the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
S. 1461. An act to provide for the extension 
of the enforcement instruction on super-vision requirements for outpatient thera-peutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2015. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2693. An act to designate the arbo-
retum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum’’; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3842. An act to improve homeland se-
curity, including domestic preparedness and response to terrorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to pro-vide training to first responders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
H.R. 3859. An act to make technical correc-
tions to the Homeland Security Act of 2002; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the first 
and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 3766. An act to direct the President to 
establish guidelines for United States for-eign development and economic assistance programs, and for other purposes. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, December 9, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 614. An act to provide access to and use 
of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other purposes. 
S. 1177. An act to reauthorize the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
S. 1461. An act to provide for the extension 
of the enforcement instruction on super-vision requirements for outpatient thera-peutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2015. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3748. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Polyester Polyol Polymers; Toler-ance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9936–91) received in the Office of the President of the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.003 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8543 December 9, 2015 
on December 2, 2015; to the Committee on 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3749. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Hexythiazox; Pesticide Tolerances; Technical Correction’’ (FRL No. 9937–02) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. 
EC–3750. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Etoxazole; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9934–60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–3751. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Polyamide ester polymers; Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9939–28) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 4, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–3752. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Issuances Staff, Food Safety and Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Mandatory Inspec-tion of Fish of the Order Siluriformes and Products Derived From Such Fish’’ (RIN0583–AD36) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 4, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3753. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Department of Defense (DoD) intending to assign women to previously closed positions and units across all Services and U.S. Special Operations Command; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–3754. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Lieutenant General Stanley E. Clarke III, Air National Guard of the United States, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–3755. A communication from the Comp-
troller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of the Comptroller’s 2014 Annual Re-port to Congress; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3756. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap Entities Joint Agency Final Rule’’ (RIN2590–AA45) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–3757. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap Entities Joint Agency Interim Final Rule’’ (RIN2590– AA45) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3758. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-
ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Dis-ability Minority and Women Outreach Pro-gram Contracting’’ (RIN3064–AE35) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3759. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program; Unlimited Deposit Insurance Coverage for Noninterest-Bearing Transaction Accounts’’ (RIN3064–AE34) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3760. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fil-ing Requirements and Processing Procedures for Changes in Control with Respect to State Nonmember Banks and State Savings Asso-ciations’’ (RIN3064–AE24) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 18, 2015; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3761. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-moval of Transferred OTS Regulations Re-garding Safety and Soundness Guidelines and Compliance Procedures; Rules on Safety and Soundness’’ (RIN3064–AE28) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3762. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-moval of Transferred OTS Regulations Re-garding Fair Credit Reporting and Amend-ments; Amendment to the ‘Creditor’ Defini-tion in Identity Theft Red Flags Rule; Re-moval of FDIC Regulations Regarding Fair Credit Reporting Transferred to the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau’’ (RIN3064–AE29) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3763. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Stress Testing of Regulated Entities’’ (RIN2590–AA74) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 19, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3764. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the continuation of a national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 13222 with respect to the lapse of the Export Administration Act of 1979; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3765. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director for Legislative Affairs, Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Consumer Credit Card Market’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3766. A communication from the Chief 
of the Regulations and Standards Branch, Bureau of Safety and Environmental En-forcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Oil and Gas and Sulphur Op-erations in the Outer Continental Shelf—De-commissioning Costs’’ (RIN1014–AA24) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
December 4, 2015; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3767. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Natural Gas Act Pipeline Maps’’ ((RIN1902–AE89) (Docket No. RM14–21–000)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 23, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–3768. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; SC; Redesignation of the Char-lotte-Rock Hill, 2008 8-Hour Ozone Non-attainment Area to Attainment’’ (FRL No. 9939–66–Region 4) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3769. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Wisconsin; Disapproval of Infrastruc-ture SIP with respect to oxides of nitrogen as a precursor to ozone provisions for the 2006 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9939–77–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3770. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Renewable Fuel Standard Program: Standards for 2014, 2015, and 2016 and Bio-mass-Based Diesel Volume for 2017’’ ((RIN2060–AS22) (FRL No. 9939–72–OAR)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 4, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–3771. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; Wis-consin State Board Requirements’’ (FRL No. 9939–78–Region 5) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3772. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Minnesota; Trans-portation Conformity Procedures’’ (FRL No. 9939–80–Region 5) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 4, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3773. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Aureobasidium pullalans strains DSM 14940 and DSM 14941; Exemption the Re-quirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9936–50) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3774. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Saflufenacil; Pesticide Tolerances’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.008 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8544 December 9, 2015 
(FRL No. 9936–71) received during adjourn-
ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3775. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘PM10 Plans and Redesignation Re-quest; Truckee Meadows, Nevada; Deletion of TSP Area Designation’’ (FRL No. 9939–48–Re-gion 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3776. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘NESHAP for Brick and Structural Clay Products Manufacturing; and NESHAP for Clay Ceramics Manufacturing: Correc-tion’’ ((RIN2060–AP69) (FRL No. 9939–35– OAR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 24, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3777. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Aerospace Manufacturing and Rework Fa-cilities Risk and Technology Review’’ ((RIN2060–AQ99) (FRL No. 9936–64–OAR)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 24, 2015; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
EC–3778. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Re-vision to the Definition of Volatile Organic Compound’’ (FRL No. 9939–38–Region 3) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 24, 2015; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
EC–3779. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; ME; Repeal of the Maine’s General Conformity Provision’’ (FRL No. 9939–24–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 24, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3780. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rule on Certain Chemical Substances’’ ((RIN2070–AB27) (FRL No. 9939–20)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–3781. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Antelope Valley Air Quality Management District, Feather River Air Quality Management District and Santa Barbara County Air Pollution Control Dis-trict’’ (FRL No. 9936–67–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–3782. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, South Coast Air Quality Management District and Yolo-Solano Air Quality Man-agement District’’ (FRL No. 9937–29–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3783. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Placer County Air Pollution Control District’’ (FRL No. 9936–83–Region 9) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3784. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; New Mexico; Albuquerque- Bernalillo County; Infrastructure and Inter-state Transport State Implementation Plan for the 2008 Lead National Ambient Air Qual-ity Standards’’ (FRL No. 9939–47–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3785. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Massachu-setts; Transit System Improvements’’ (FRL No. 9936–08–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3786. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; ND; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9932–60–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 2, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3787. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Manhattan, Kansas, Local Pro-tection Project; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–3788. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Computation of Annual Liability Insurance (Including Self-Insurance) Settlement Re-covery Threshold’’; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3789. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2016 Section 1274A CPI Adjustments’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015–24) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3790. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicaid Program; Mechanized Claims Processing and Information Retrieval Systems’’ (RIN0938– AS53) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3791. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates—December 2015’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015–25) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3792. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safe Harbor Meth-od of Accounting for Retail Establishments and Restaurants’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–56) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3793. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to revoking the des-ignation of a group designated as a Foreign Terrorist Organization (OSS–2013–1913); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3794. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–1858); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3795. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–1859); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3796. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–1860); to the Committee on Foreign Relations.; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3797. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–1895); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3798. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2014 Annual Progress Report to Con-gress on the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplan-tation Program and the National Cord Blood Inventory Program’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3799. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘National 
Health Service Corps Report to the Congress for the Year 2014’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3800. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Foreign Supplier Verification Programs for Importers of Food for Humans and Animals’’ ((RIN0910–AG64) (Docket No. FDA–2011–N–0143)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 4, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3801. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.010 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8545 December 9, 2015 
transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of 
a rule entitled ‘‘Standards for the Growing, Harvesting, Packing, and Holding of Produce for Human Consumption’’ ((RIN0910–AG35) (Docket No. FDA–2011–N–0921)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 4, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3802. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Accreditation of Third-Party Certification Bodies To Conduct Food Safety Audits and To Issue Certifications’’ ((RIN0910–AG66) (Docket No. FDA–2011–N– 0146)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 4, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3803. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Interpretive Bulletin Relating to the Fiduciary Standard Under ERISA in Considering Economically Targeted Invest-ments’’ (RIN1210–AB73) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3804. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Interpretive Bulletin Relating to State Savings Programs That Sponsor or Fa-cilitate Plans Covered by the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974’’ (RIN1210–AB74) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3805. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–204, ‘‘Early Learning Quality Improvement Network Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3806. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–205, ‘‘Extension of Time to Dispose of the Strand Theater Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3807. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–206, ‘‘Grocery Store Restric-tive Covenant Prohibition Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3808. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–207, ‘‘Emergency Medical Services Contract Authority Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3809. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–208, ‘‘Truancy Referral Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3810. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–209, ‘‘Wage Theft Prevention 
Correction and Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3811. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–210, ‘‘Ward 5 Paint Spray Booth Conditional Moratorium Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3812. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–211, ‘‘N Street Village, Inc. Tax and TOPA Exemption Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–3813. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–213, ‘‘Extension of Time to Dispose of Property Located at Sixth and E Streets, S.W., Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3814. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–203, ‘‘ABLE Program Trust Establishment Act of 2015’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3815. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Pay and Leave, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Prevailing Rate Systems; Redefinition of the Harrisburg, PA and Scranton-Wilkes-Barre, PA Appro-priated Fund Federal Wage System Wage Areas’’ (RIN3206–AN18) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 7, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3816. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Pay and Leave, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Human Re-sources Management Reporting Require-ments’’ (RIN3206–AM69) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 7, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3817. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Education Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–3818. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Peace Corps, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Corps’ Performance and Ac-countability Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3819. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Labor’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the pe-riod from April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3820. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Congressional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–3821. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion’s Office of Inspector General’s Semi-annual Report to Congress and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation Management’s 
Response for the period from April 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3822. A communication from the Fed-
eral Co-Chair, Appalachian Regional Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the In-spector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3823. A communication from the Staff 
Director, U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Performance and Accountability Re-port for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3824. A communication from the Chair-
man of the National Credit Union Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the semi-annual report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through Sep-tember 30, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3825. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Planning and Policy Analysis, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Long Term Care Insurance Pro-gram Eligibility Changes’’ (RIN3206–AN05) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3826. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3827. A communication from the Chair 
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General and a Management Report for the period from April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3828. A communication from the Chair-
man, U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Performance and Accountability Re-port for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3829. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report 
of the Office of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3830. A communication from the Board 
Members, Railroad Retirement Board, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Per-formance and Accountability Report for fis-cal year 2015, including the Office of Inspec-tor General’s Auditor’s Report; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3831. A communication from the Chair-
man, Federal Maritime Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through Sep-tember 30, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3832. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Pilot Program for Enhancement of Contractor Employee Whistleblower Pro-tections’’ ((RIN9000–AM56) (FAC 2005–85)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.012 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8546 December 9, 2015 
Senate on December 3, 2015; to the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3833. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Updating Federal Contractor Re-porting of Veterans’ Employment’’ ((RIN9000–AN14) (FAC 2005–85)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3834. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Further Amendments to Equal Employment Opportunity’’ ((RIN9000–AN01) (FAC 2005–85)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3835. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation: Prohibition on Contracting with Corporations with Delinquent Taxes or a Felony Conviction’’ ((RIN9000–AN05) (FAC 2005–85)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 3, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3836. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–85; Introduction’’ (FAC 2005–85) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3837. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Technical Amendment’’ (FAC 2005–85) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 3, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3838. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–85; Small Entity Compliance Guide’’ (FAC 2005–85) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3839. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation: Establishing a Minimum Wage for Contractors’’ ((RIN9000–AM82) (FAC 2005– 85)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3840. A communication from the Treas-
urer, National Gallery of Art, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Gallery’s Performance and Accountability Report for the year ended September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–3841. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Retention Periods’’ ((RIN9000– AN12) (FAC 2005–85)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 3, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3842. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–212, ‘‘Gas Station Advisory Board Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3843. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2013 Re-port to Congress on Outcome Evaluations of Administration for Native Americans (ANA) Projects’’; to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs. 
EC–3844. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2014 Annual Report of the National Institute of Justice’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–3845. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area; Correction’’ (RIN0648–XE223) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3846. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-
partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reapportionment of the 2015 Gulf of Alaska Pacific Halibut Prohibited Species Catch Limits for the Trawl Deep-Water and Shallow-Water Fishery Categories; Correc-tion’’ (RIN0648–XE180) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3847. A communication from the Chief 
of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Media Bu-reau Finalizes Reimbursement Form for Submission to OMB and Adopts Catalog of Expenses’’ (GN Docket No. 12–268, DA 15–1238) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3848. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Funda-mental Properties of Asphalts and Modified Asphalts—III’’; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: 
S. 571. A bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of 
Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Avia-tion Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regu-lations issued by the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, and for other purposes. EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEES 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation. 
*Jessica Rosenworcel, of the District of Co-
lumbia, to be a Member of the Federal Com-munications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2015. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, for the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORD s on the dates in-
dicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nomina-tions lie at the Secretary’s desk for the information of Senators. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
*Coast Guard nominations beginning with 
Corinna M. Fleischmann and ending with Kimberly C. Young-Mclear, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on No-vember 19, 2015. 
*Coast Guard nominations beginning with 
Michael S. Adams, Jr. and ending with James R. Zoll, Jr., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on November 19, 2015. 
*Coast Guard nominations beginning with 
Jason C. Aleksak and ending with Yamasheka Z. Young-Mclear, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on No-vember 19, 2015. 
By Mr. VITTER for the Committee on 
Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
*Darryl L. DePriest, of Illinois, to be Chief 
Counsel for Advocacy, Small Business Ad-ministration. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CARDIN: 
S. 2376. A bill to require the Attorney Gen-
eral to make competitive grants to State, tribal, and local governments to establish and maintain witness protection and assist-ance programs; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. REID (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , 
Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
LEAHY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. R EED, 
Mr. N ELSON , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ARDIN , 
and Mr. B ROWN ): 
S. 2377. A bill to defeat the Islamic State of 
Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and protect and secure the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. 
B
ENNET ): 
S. 2378. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for an energy equivalent of a gallon of diesel in the case of liquefied natural gas for purposes of the In-land Waterways Trust Fund financing rate; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Mar 30, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\DEC 2015\S09DE5.REC S09DE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8547 December 9, 2015 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. 
MCCAIN): 
S. 2379. A bill to provide for the 
unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by con-veyance of the Federal reversionary interest to the City; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. 
M
CCAIN): 
S. 2380. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to establish a pilot program for commercial recreation concessions on cer-tain land managed by the Bureau of Land Management; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , and Mr. G RASSLEY ): 
S. 2381. A bill to provide assistance and 
support to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, and Mr. B LUNT ): 
S. 2382. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to strengthen intensive cardiac rehabilitation programs under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. MIKULSKI: 
S. Res. 332. A resolution commemorating 
the 140th anniversary of the Marine Engi-neers’ Beneficial Association; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 215 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 215, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the exclusion for employer-provided de-pendent care assistance. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for chil-dren with medically complex condi-tions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 551 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) and the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 551, a bill to in-crease public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of firearms and explosives licenses to known or suspected dangerous terrorists. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring de-vices, and for other purposes. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1559, a bill to protect victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1562, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reform taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1833 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1833, a bill to amend the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the child and adult care food program. 
S. 1865 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1865, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to eating dis-orders, and for other purposes. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Fed-eral jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1913 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1913, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish pro-grams to prevent prescription drug abuse under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1919 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1919, a bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to pro-tect rights of conscience with regard to requirements for coverage of specific items and services, to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to prohibit cer-tain abortion-related discrimination in governmental activities, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 1926 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1926, a bill to ensure access to screening mammography services. 
S. 2002 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2002, a bill to strengthen our mental health system and improve public safety. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Vermont 
(Mr. L EAHY ), the Senator from South 
Dakota (Mr. R OUNDS ) and the Senator 
from Texas (Mr. C RUZ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accel-erate discovery and development of dis-ease-modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to encourage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the qual-ity and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2109 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2109, a bill to direct the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to develop an in-tegrated plan to reduce administrative costs under the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 2127 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2127, a bill to provide appropriate pro-tections to probationary Federal em-ployees, to provide the Special Counsel with adequate access to information, to provide greater awareness of Federal whistleblower protections, and for other purposes. 
S. 2178 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2178, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make perma-nent certain provisions of the Heart-land, Habitat, Harvest, and Horti-culture Act of 2008 relating to timber, and for other purposes. 
S. 2196 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 2196, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare competitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and accessories. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.018 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8548 December 9, 2015 
S. 2215 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I SAK-
SON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2215, a bill to prohibit discretionary bo-nuses for employees of the Internal Revenue Service who have engaged in misconduct or who have delinquent tax liability. 
S. 2312 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2312, a bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to make improvements to payments for durable medical equipment under the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 
S. 2351 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2351, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ex-tend the annual comment period for payment rates under Medicare Advan-tage. 
S. 2353 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 2353, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the incentives for biodiesel. 
S. 2357 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 2357, a bill to extend temporarily the extended period of pro-tection for members of uniformed serv-ices relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction, and for other purposes. 
S. 2367 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2367, a bill to provide for hardship duty pay for border patrol agents and customs and border protection officers assigned to highly-trafficked rural areas. 
S. 2372 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2372, a bill to require reporting of ter-rorist activities and the unlawful dis-tribution of information relating to ex-plosives, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. REID (for himself, Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. 
MURRAY , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. R EED, Mr. N ELSON , 
Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ARDIN , and 
Mr. B ROWN ): 
S. 2377. A bill to defeat the Islamic 
State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and pro-tect and secure the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2377 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Defeat ISIS and Protect and Secure the United States Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—DEFEATING ISIS 
Subtitle A—National Security Positions 
Sec. 101. United States Coordinator for 
Strategy to Defeat the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. 
Sec. 102. Sense of Congress on confirmation 
by Senate of pending National Security nominations. 
Subtitle B—Combating ISIS 
Sec. 111. Findings. 
Sec. 112. Sense of Congress. 
Subtitle C—Combating ISIS Financing 
Sec. 121. Sense of Congress on defeating ter-
rorist financing by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. 
Sec. 122. Sanctions with respect to financial 
institutions that engage in cer-tain transactions that benefit the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. 
Subtitle D—Improving Intelligence Sharing 
With Partners 
Sec. 131. Intelligence sharing relationships. 
Subtitle E—Combating Terrorist 
Recruitment and Propaganda 
Sec. 141. Countering violent extremism. 
Sec. 142. Countering ISIS propaganda. 
Subtitle F—Improving European Migrant 
Screening and Stabilizing Jordan and Leb-anon 
Sec. 151. Working with Europe to improve 
migrant screening. 
Sec. 152. Migrant stability fund for Jordan 
and Lebanon. 
TITLE II—PROTECTING THE HOMELAND 
Subtitle A—Reforming the Visa Waiver 
Program 
Sec. 201. Short title. 
Sec. 202. Electronic passports required for 
visa waiver program. 
Sec. 203. Information sharing and coopera-
tion by visa waiver program countries. 
Sec. 204. Biometric submission before entry. Sec. 205. Visa waiver program administra-
tion. 
Subtitle B—Keeping Firearms Away From 
Terrorists 
Sec. 211. Closing the visa waiver program 
gun loophole. 
Sec. 212. Closing the terrorist gun loophole. 
Subtitle C—Strengthening Aviation Security 
Sec. 221. Definitions. PART I—T
RANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMIN -
ISTRATION WORKFORCE TRAINING AND PRO-
CEDURES  
Sec. 226. Transportation security officer 
training. 
PART II—A CCESS CONTROLS  
Sec. 231. Insider threats. 
Sec. 232. Aviation workers vetting. Sec. 233. Infrastructure. Sec. 234. Visible deterrent. PART III—T
RANSPORTATION SECURITY AD-
MINISTRATION INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY  
Sec. 241. Research. 
Sec. 242. Public-private partnerships. Sec. 243. Report. 
PART IV—I
MPROVING INTERNATIONAL  
COORDINATION TOTRACK TERRORISTS  
Sec. 251. Coordination with international 
authorities. 
Sec. 252. Sense of Congress on cooperation 
to track terrorists traveling by air. 
Subtitle D—Strengthening Security of 
Radiological Materials 
Sec. 261. Preventing terrorist access to do-
mestic radiological materials. 
Sec. 262. Strategy for securing high activity 
radiological sources. 
Sec. 263. Outreach to State and local law en-
forcement agencies on radio-logical threats. 
Subtitle E—Stopping Homegrown 
Extremism 
Sec. 271. Authorization of the Office for 
Community Partnerships of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
Sec. 272. Research and evaluation program 
for domestic radicalization. 
Subtitle F—Comprehensive Independent 
Study of National Cryptography Policy 
Sec. 281. Comprehensive independent study 
of national cryptography pol-icy. 
Subtitle G—Law Enforcement Training 
Sec. 291. Law enforcement training for ac-
tive shooter incidents. 
Sec. 292. Active shooter incident response 
assistance. 
Sec. 293. Grants to State and local law en-
forcement agencies for antiterrorism training pro-grams. 
TITLE I—DEFEATING ISIS 
Subtitle A—National Security Positions 
SEC. 101. UNITED STATES COORDINATOR FOR 
STRATEGY TO DEFEAT THE ISLAMIC STATE IN IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall designate a single coordi-nator, who shall be responsible for coordi-nating all efforts across the Federal Govern-ment and with international partners for de-feating the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) both within the United States and globally. 
(b) S
TATUS .—The coordinator designated 
under subsection (a) shall report to the President. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The coordinator designated 
under subsection (a) shall coordinate all lines of effort, activities, and programs re-lated to defeating ISIS, including— 
(1) coordinating with the Special Presi-
dential Envoy to the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL; 
(2) coordinating with the Department of 
Defense and international partners regarding United States military operations, training, and equipment undertaken to defeat ISIS and to deny ISIS safe haven, as appropriate; 
(3) coordinating with the Department of 
Defense, the Department of State, the intel-ligence community (as defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))), and international partners regarding United States efforts to build the capacity of local forces in the Middle East committed to defeating ISIS and rebuilding Iraq and Syria based on secular, inclusive, and representative governance frameworks; 
(4) coordinating with the Department of 
State, the Department of the Treasury, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.020 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8549 December 9, 2015 
intelligence community, and international 
partners regarding United States efforts to counter, undermine, and disrupt ISIS financ-ing; 
(5) coordinating with the Department of 
State, the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, the Department of Justice, the intel-ligence community, and international part-ners regarding United States efforts to counter, halt, and prevent movement of for-eign fighters into and out of Iraq and Syria; 
(6) coordinating with the Department of 
State, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and international partners regarding United States efforts to counter and undermine ISIS messaging and propaganda around the world; 
(7) coordinating with the Department of 
State, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, the United Nations, and international partners regarding United States contributions and support for address-ing the humanitarian crisis resulting from ISIS activities; and 
(8) coordinating with the Department of 
State and the United States Agency for International Development regarding United States diplomatic engagement toward long- term sustainable political solutions in Iraq and Syria, including promoting responsible, inclusive governance in Iraq and a transi-tional governing body in Syria without Bashar al-Assad, as well as coordinating sup-port for other nations at risk of ISIS influ-ence. 
(d) C
ONSULTATION .—The coordinator des-
ignated under subsection (a) shall consult with Congress, domestic and international organizations, multilateral organizations and institutions, and foreign governments committed to defeating ISIS to the extent the Coordinator considers appropriate to ful-fill the purposes of this section. 
SEC. 102. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CONFIRMA-
TION BY SENATE OF PENDING NA-TIONAL SECURITY NOMINATIONS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the terrorist attacks in November 2015 
demonstrate the need for renewed vigilance to prevent an attack on the United States homeland; 
(2) national security positions throughout 
the United States Government are essential to protect the safety of the American public, and vacancies in such positions hurt our ef-forts to combat terrorists; 
(3) greater global coordination will be re-
quired to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), so the Senate should promptly confirm pending nominations to positions of ambassador in order to represent United States national security interests abroad; 
(4) to assist with negotiations on global 
anti-terror efforts, the Secretary of State should have a full complement of political and career senior advisors, so the Senate should confirm pending nominations to such positions; 
(5) intelligence sharing with our allies 
could prevent an attack on the United States homeland, so the Senate should confirm pending nominations to intelligence posi-tions of the Department of Defense and in other elements of the intelligence commu-nity; 
(6) service members are on the front lines 
of the fight against terror, so the Senate should confirm pending nominations for pro-motion in the Armed Forces; 
(7) cutting off the money supply for the Is-
lamic State of Iraq and Syria is a critical part of United States strategy to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, so the Sen-ate should confirm pending nominations to positions in the Department of the Treasury with responsibility for disrupting terrorist financing networks; and (8) the Senate should confirm the pending 
nominations to national security positions described in this resolution without further delay. 
Subtitle B—Combating ISIS 
SEC. 111. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: 
(1) The terrorist organization known as the 
Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) poses a grave threat to the people and territorial integrity of Iraq and Syria, to regional sta-bility, and to the national security interests of the United States and its allies and part-ners. 
(2) ISIS holds significant territory in Iraq 
and Syria and is a growing threat in other countries and has stated its intention to seize more territory and demonstrated the capability to do so. 
(3) ISIS has claimed responsibility for or 
conducted horrific terrorist attacks, includ-ing hostage-taking and killing, in Sousse, Tunisia; Ankara, Turkey; the Sinai in Egypt; Beirut, Lebanon; Paris, France, against a Russian charter plane, and elsewhere. 
(4) ISIS has brutally murdered United 
States citizens, as well as citizens of many other countries. 
(5) ISIS has stated that it intends to con-
duct further terrorist attacks internation-ally, including against the United States, its citizens, and interests. 
(6) ISIS has committed despicable acts of 
violence and mass executions against Mus-lims, regardless of sect, who do not subscribe to the depraved, violent, and oppressive ide-ology of ISIS, and has targeted innocent women and girls with horrific acts of vio-lence, including abduction, enslavement, tor-ture, rape, and forced marriage. 
(7) ISIS has threatened genocide and com-
mitted vicious acts of violence against other religious and ethnic minority groups, includ-ing Iraqi Christians, Yezidi, and Turkmen populations. 
(8) ISIS finances its operations primarily 
through looting, smuggling, extortion, oil sales, kidnapping, and human trafficking. 
(9) As a result of advances by ISIS and the 
civil war in Syria, there are more than 4,000,000 refugees, more than 7,500,000 inter-nally displaced people in Syria, and nearly 3,200,000 internally displaced people in Iraq. 
(10) President Barack Obama articulated a 
multi-dimensional approach in the campaign to counter ISIS, including supporting re-gional military partners, stopping the flow of foreign fighters, cutting off the access of ISIS to financing, addressing urgent humani-tarian needs, and exposing the true nature of ISIS. 
(11) In August 2014, President Obama di-
rected the United States Armed Forces to build and work with a coalition of partner nations to conduct airstrikes in Iraq and Syria as part of the comprehensive strategy to degrade and defeat ISIS. 
(12) Since August 2014, United States and 
coalition nation aircraft have flown more than 57,000 sorties in support of operations in Iraq and Syria, including airstrikes that have destroyed staging areas, command cen-ters, thousands of armored vehicles, oil and other financing infrastructure, and other fa-cilities and equipment of ISIS. 
(13) Coalition airstrikes have killed at 
least 100 high-value individuals, including a United States strike against Mohamed Emwazi, known as ‘‘Jihadi John’’. 
(14) ISIS is under pressure from a coalition 
of 65 nations, which is conducting air strikes, supporting local forces on the ground, and cutting off financial support to ISIS, thereby evicting ISIS from as much as a quarter of the territory it previously con-trolled. SEC. 112. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States condemns the horrific 
and cowardly attacks by ISIS, particularly the recent attacks in Tunisia, Turkey, Egypt, Lebanon, and France; 
(2) it is critical that the response to ISIS 
by the United States and the Anti-ISIS coa-lition, including countries within the region, be multi-dimensional and consist of coordi-nated and intensified efforts on intelligence sharing and on the military, civilian, and hu-manitarian aspects of the current campaign; 
(3) ISIS will only be defeated if there are 
enduring, inclusive, sustainable political so-lutions in Iraq and Syria that enable all citi-zens to realize their legitimate aspirations; 
(4) the only path to a sustainable end to 
the civil war in Syria is a diplomatic solu-tion that removes Bashar al-Assad; 
(5) the United States and our coalition 
partners must continue to conduct the cam-paign of airstrikes against ISIS in both Syria and Iraq to counter ISIS forces and deny it a safe haven; 
(6) no matter how effective the air cam-
paign, defeating ISIS requires reliable, effec-tive, and committed local forces on the ground in Syria and Iraq to clear and hold territory retaken from ISIS, including con-tinuing to work with Kurds in Syria and Iraq, Sunnis in Iraq, and the moderate oppo-sition in Syria; 
(7) the United States and our coalition 
partners must work with local forces in Iraq and Syria to identify and strike ISIS targets and support local forces in the fight on the ground; 
(8) the United States and our coalition 
partners must build the capabilities and ca-pacities of our local partner forces in Syria and Iraq and across the region to sustain an effective long-term campaign against ISIS; 
(9) United States and coalition advisors 
and enablers are critical to improving the ability of local forces to plan, lead, and con-duct operations against ISIS; 
(10) the United States and our coalition 
partners must continue to target the leader-ship of ISIS, deny it sanctuary and resources to plan, prepare, and execute attacks, and degrade its command and control infrastruc-ture, logistical networks, oil and other rev-enue networks, and other capabilities; 
(11) the United States and our coalition 
partners must work to improve the security of the borders of Syria and end the flow of new foreign recruits to ISIS, including work-ing with Turkey and local forces to control the entire Turkey-Syria border; 
(12) the United States and our coalition 
partners must make sure that the com-manders on the ground have the operational flexibility required to execute the mission against ISIS, particularly related to the ac-tivities of special operations forces in Syria; and 
(13) appropriate resources and attention 
should be applied to stopping the spread of ISIS and its apocalyptic ideology to other countries and regions, including North Afri-ca, Afghanistan, and elsewhere. 
Subtitle C—Combating ISIS Financing 
SEC. 121. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON DEFEATING 
TERRORIST FINANCING BY THE IS-LAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the United States should— (A) strongly support coordinated inter-
national efforts by the G–20, the inter-national Financial Action Task Force, the United Nations, and other appropriate inter-national bodies to bolster comprehensive programs to target and combat terrorist fi-nancing by ISIS, and to expand international information-sharing related to activities of ISIS; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.022 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8550 December 9, 2015 
(B) provide necessary funding and support 
for the international Counter-ISIS Financing Group and ensure robust information-shar-ing within that Group and among allied countries participating in efforts to combat terrorist financing by ISIS; 
(C) expand technical assistance, support, 
and guidance to the governments of coun-tries that are allies of the United States and to foreign financial institutions in such countries to enable those governments and institutions to rapidly expand their capac-ity— 
(i) to identify and designate for the imposi-
tion of sanctions persons that are part of ISIS or that knowingly fund or otherwise fa-cilitate activities of ISIS; 
(ii) to identify and disrupt financing net-
works used by ISIS and terrorists allied with ISIS; and 
(iii) to cut ISIS off completely from the 
international financial system; 
(D) urge governments of countries that are 
allies of the United States— 
(i) to aggressively implement programs to 
combat terrorist financing by ISIS; and 
(ii) to prosecute, to the fullest extent of 
the laws of those countries, persons that are part of ISIS or that knowingly fund or other-wise facilitate activities of ISIS and are within the jurisdiction of those govern-ments; 
(E) encourage the governments of all G–20 
countries to implement measures with re-spect to persons designated as part of ISIS, or as persons that knowingly fund or other-wise facilitate activities of ISIS, by the United States as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and to designate promptly and impose sanctions with respect to such persons under their own laws; 
(F) continue to support efforts by the Gov-
ernment of Iraq— 
(i) to secure the financial system of Iraq, 
including banks, exchange houses, and other similar entities, from ISIS-related terrorist financing; and 
(ii) to dismantle and disrupt ISIS terrorist 
financing networks; 
(G) continue to disrupt efforts by the Gov-
ernment of Syria— 
(i) to engage in oil purchases or other fi-
nancial transactions with ISIS or affiliates or intermediaries of ISIS; or 
(ii) to engage in extortion or any other 
criminal activity that might benefit ISIS; and 
(H) seek to expand cooperation among G–20 
and countries that are allies of the United States to strengthen the protection of antiq-uities and prevent ISIS from engaging in the theft, transport, and sale of cultural objects for the purpose of financing terrorism; and 
(2) the Senate should promptly approve, on 
a bipartisan basis, the nomination, pending on the date of the enactment of this Act, of the Under Secretary for Terrorism and Fi-nancial Crimes of the Department of the Treasury, who leads the efforts of the United States to counter terrorist financing by ISIS. 
SEC. 122. SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO FINAN-
CIAL INSTITUTIONS THAT ENGAGE IN CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS THAT BENEFIT THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President may pro-
hibit, or impose strict conditions on, the opening or maintaining in the United States of a correspondent account or a payable- through account by a foreign financial insti-tution that the President determines en-gages in an activity described in subsection (b) on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) A
CTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—A foreign finan-
cial institution engages in an activity de-scribed in this subsection if the foreign fi-nancial institution— (1) knowingly facilitates a significant 
transaction or transactions for ISIS; 
(2) knowingly facilitates a significant 
transaction or transactions of a person that is identified on the specially designated na-tionals list and the property and interests in property of which are blocked pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Pow-ers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) for acting on behalf of or at the direction of, or being owned or controlled by, ISIS; 
(3) knowingly engages in money laundering 
to carry out an activity described in para-graph (1) or (2); or 
(4) knowingly facilitates a significant 
transaction or transactions or provides sig-nificant financial services to carry out an ac-tivity described in paragraph (1), (2), or (3). 
(c) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for 
in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of regula-tions prescribed under this section to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act de-scribed in subsection (a) of such section 206. 
(d) P
ROCEDURES FOR JUDICIAL REVIEW OF  
CLASSIFIED INFORMATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If a finding under this sec-
tion, or a prohibition or condition imposed as a result of any such finding, is based on classified information (as defined in section 1(a) of the Classified Information Procedures Act (18 U.S.C. App.)) and a court reviews the finding or the imposition of the prohibition or condition, the President may submit such information to the court ex parte and in camera. 
(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to confer or imply any right to judicial review of any finding under this section or any prohibition or condition imposed as a result of any such finding. 
(e) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may 
exercise all authorities provided under sec-tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this section. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A CCOUNT ; CORRESPONDENT ACCOUNT ; PAY-
ABLE -THROUGH ACCOUNT .—The terms ‘‘ac-
count’’, ‘‘correspondent account’’, and ‘‘pay-able-through account’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code. 
(2) F
INANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘fi-
nancial institution’’ means a financial insti-tution specified in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (H), (I), (J), (K), (M), (N), (P), (R), (T), (Y), or (Z) of section 5312(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code. 
(3) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The 
term ‘‘foreign financial institution’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(4) I
SIS.—The term ‘‘ISIS’’ means— 
(A) the entity known as the Islamic State 
of Iraq and Syria and designated by the Sec-retary of State as a foreign terrorist organi-zation pursuant to section 219 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or 
(B) any person— (i) the property or interests in property of 
which are blocked pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and 
(ii) who is identified on the specially des-
ignated nationals list as an agent, instru-mentality, or affiliate of the entity described in subparagraph (A). 
(5) M
ONEY LAUNDERING .—The term ‘‘money 
laundering’’ includes the movement of illicit cash or cash equivalent proceeds into, out of, or through a country, or into, out of, or 
through a financial institution. 
(6) S
PECIALLY DESIGNATED NATIONALS  
LIST.—The term ‘‘specially designated na-
tionals list’’ means the list of specially des-ignated nationals and blocked persons main-tained by the Office of Foreign Assets Con-trol of the Department of the Treasury. 
Subtitle D—Improving Intelligence Sharing 
With Partners 
SEC. 131. INTELLIGENCE SHARING RELATION-
SHIPS. 
(a) R EVIEW OF AGREEMENTS .—Not later 
than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall complete a review of each intelligence sharing agreement between the United States and a foreign country that— 
(1) is experiencing a significant threat 
from ISIS; or 
(2) is participating as part of the coalition 
in activities to degrade and defeat ISIS. 
(b) I
NTELLIGENCE SHARING RELATED TO THE  
ISLAMIC STATE .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date that the Director of National Intel-ligence completes the reviews required by subsection (a), the Director shall develop an intelligence sharing agreement between the United States and each foreign country re-ferred to in subsection (a) that— 
(1) applies to the sharing of intelligence re-
lated to defensive or offensive measures to be taken with respect to ISIS; and 
(2) provides for the maximum amount of 
sharing of such intelligence, as appropriate, in a manner that is consistent with the due regard for the protection of intelligence sources and methods, protection of human rights, and the ability of recipient nations to utilize intelligence for targeting purposes consistent with the laws of armed conflict. 
Subtitle E—Combating Terrorist Recruitment 
and Propaganda 
SEC. 141. COUNTERING VIOLENT EXTREMISM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President, in collabo-
ration with the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall design, implement, and evaluate programs to counter violent extremism abroad by— 
(1) strengthening inclusive governance in 
nation states whose stability and legitimacy are threatened by ISIS and other violent ex-tremist groups; 
(2) creating mechanisms for women, teen-
agers and other marginalized groups, includ-ing potential and former violent extremists, to participate in designing and imple-menting such programs in coordination with local and national government officials; 
(3) addressing the drivers of grievances 
that lead to violent extremism, such as cor-ruption, injustice, marginalization, and abuse, through programming and reforms fo-cused on— 
(A) good governance and anti-corruption; (B) civic engagement; (C) citizen participation in governance; (D) adherence to the rule of law; (E) opportunities for women and girls; and (F) freedom of expression; (4) strengthening law enforcement training 
programs that foster dialogue and engage-ment between security forces and the public around drivers of grievance; and 
(5) strengthening the capacity of civil soci-
ety organizations to combat radicalization and other forms of violence in local commu-nities. 
(b) P
ROMOTING YOUTH LEADERSHIP .—Pro-
grams established under this section shall prioritize youth engagement to prevent and counter violent extremism, including youth- led messaging campaigns— 
(1) to delegitimize the appeal of violent ex-
tremism; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.022 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8551 December 9, 2015 
(2) to engage communities and populations 
to prevent violent extremist radicalization and recruitment; 
(3) to counter the radicalization of youth; (4) to promote rehabilitation and re-
integration programs for potential and former violent extremists, including prison- based programs; and 
(5) to support long term efforts to promote 
tolerance, co-existence and equity. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
For the purpose of carrying out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated— 
(1) for the Department of State, $200,000,000 
for fiscal year 2017 and $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; and 
(2) for the United States Agency for Inter-
national Development, $100,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 and $125,000,000 for fiscal year 2018. 
(d) A
SSISTANCE FOR FRAGILE NATION  
STATES .—The Secretary of State shall make 
existing counterterrorism funding available for programs that strengthen governance and security in fragile nation states that share a border with a country that ISIS or other violent extremists have threatened to destabilize or delegitimize. 
SEC. 142. COUNTERING ISIS PROPAGANDA. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY TO COUNTER  
ISIS P ROPAGANDA .—The President, in con-
sultation with technology companies, faith- based Muslim groups, foreign governments, and international nongovernmental organi-zations, shall develop, as part of the Na-tional Strategy for Counterterrorism, a com-prehensive strategy to counter the propa-ganda disseminated by operatives of ISIS, in-cluding through online activities. 
(b) I
NCREASED USE OF EFFECTIVE MEDIA 
TOOLS.—The Under Secretary of State for 
Public Diplomacy, through the Center for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Center’’), is authorized to contract to produce media products to counter ISIS propaganda. 
(c) D
IGITAL PLATFORM DEVELOPMENT  
TEAM.—The Under Secretary of State for 
Public Diplomacy, through the Center, shall establish a digital rapid response team— 
(1) to build and employ digital platforms 
for the dissemination of information to counter ISIS propaganda; and 
(2) to integrate the platforms described in 
paragraph (1) with existing technologies sup-ported by the Bureau of International Infor-mation Programs and with popular social networking sites. 
(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
For the purpose of carrying out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated to the Department of State $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 and $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2018. 
Subtitle F—Improving European Migrant 
Screening and Stabilizing Jordan and Leb-anon 
SEC. 151. WORKING WITH EUROPE TO IMPROVE 
MIGRANT SCREENING. 
The President, in consultation with the 
heads of relevant Federal agencies, is au-thorized to provide requested technical and operational assistance for the European Union and its member states, including as-sistance— 
(1) to improve border management, includ-
ing the screening of migrants; 
(2) to increase capacity for refugee recep-
tion and processing in transit countries, es-pecially in the Western Balkans; and 
(3) to enhance intelligence sharing with 
European Union member states and Europol regarding criminal human trafficking, smug-gling networks, and foreign fighters identi-fication and movement. 
SEC. 152. MIGRANT STABILITY FUND FOR JOR-
DAN AND LEBANON. 
(a) I NTERNATIONAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE .— 
In addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such purposes, there is 
authorized to be appropriated to the Inter-national Disaster Assistance account, $525,000,000, which shall remain available until expended, for emergency and life-sav-ing assistance, including for the care of in-ternally displaced persons within Syria and Iraq and to mitigate the outflow of refugees to Lebanon, Jordan, and elsewhere and other locations designated by the Secretary of State. 
(b) M
IGRATION AND REFUGEE ASSISTANCE .— 
In addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such purposes, there is authorized to be appropriated to the Migra-tion and Refugee Assistance account, $545,000,000, which shall remain available until expended, for necessary expenses to re-spond to the refugee crisis resulting from conflict in the Middle East, including for the basic needs of refugees in Lebanon, Jordan, and elsewhere as well as the costs associated with the resettlement of refugees in the United States and the secure screening of refugee applications. 
(c) E
MERGENCY REFUGEE AND MIGRATION  
ASSISTANCE .—In addition to amounts other-
wise authorized to be appropriated for such purposes, there is authorized to be appro-priated to the Emergency Refugee and Mi-gration Assistance account, $200,000,000, which shall remain available until expended, for unexpected urgent overseas refugee and migration needs in accordance with section 2(c) of the Migration and Refugee Assistance Act of 1962 (22 U.S.C. 2601(c)). 
(d) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
may transfer amounts authorized to be ap-propriated by this Act between accounts and to other relevant Federal agencies— 
(A) to optimize assistance to refugees; and (B) to ensure the secure screening of refu-
gees seeking resettlement in the United States. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION AND NOTIFICATION RE -
QUIREMENTS .—Each transfer authorized 
under paragraph (1) shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notifica-tion procedures of, the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives. 
(3) R
ETURN OF UNNEEDED FUNDS .—If the 
Secretary of State, in consultation with the head of any Federal agency receiving funds transferred pursuant to this subsection, de-termines that any portion of such funds are no longer needed to meet the purposes of such transfer, the head of such agency shall return such funds to the account from where they originated. 
TITLE II—PROTECTING THE HOMELAND 
Subtitle A—Reforming the Visa Waiver 
Program 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Visa 
Waiver Program Security Enhancement Act’’. 
SEC. 202. ELECTRONIC PASSPORTS REQUIRED 
FOR VISA WAIVER PROGRAM. 
(a) R EQUIRING THE UNIVERSAL USE OF ELEC-
TRONIC PASSPORTS FOR VISAWAIVER PRO-
GRAM COUNTRIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 217 of the Immi-
gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by amending para-
graph (3) to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) M
ACHINE -READABLE , ELECTRONIC PASS -
PORT .—The alien, at the time of application 
for admission, is in possession of a valid, un-expired, tamper-resistant, machine-readable passport that incorporates biometric and document authentication identifiers that comply with the applicable biometric and document identifying standards established by the International Civil Aviation Organi-
zation.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)(2), by amending sub-
paragraph (B) to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) M
ACHINE -READABLE , ELECTRONIC PASS -
PORT PROGRAM .—The government of the 
country certifies that it issues to its citizens machine-readable, electronic passports that comply with the requirements set forth in subsection (a)(3).’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(3) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Section 
303(c) of the Enhanced Border Security and Visa Entry Reform Act of 2002 (8 U.S.C. 1732(c)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later 
than October 26, 2005, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and 
(B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF TECHNOLOGY STANDARD .—Any 
alien applying for admission under the visa waiver program established under section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187) shall present a passport that meets the requirements described in para-graph (1).’’. 
SEC. 203. INFORMATION SHARING AND COOPERA-
TION BY VISA WAIVER PROGRAM COUNTRIES. 
(a) R EQUIRED INFORMATION SHARING FOR  
VISAWAIVER PROGRAM COUNTRIES .— 
(1) I NFORMATION SHARING AGREEMENTS .— 
(A) F ULL IMPLEMENTATION .—Section 
217(c)(2)(F) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(c)(2)(F)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, and fully implements within the time frame determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security,’’ after ‘‘country en-ters into’’. 
(B) F
EDERAL AIR MARSHAL AGREEMENT .— 
Section 217(c) of such Act is amended— 
(i) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(G) F EDERAL AIR MARSHAL AGREEMENT .— 
The government of the country enters into, and complies with, an agreement with the United States to assist in the operation of an effective air marshal program. 
‘‘(H) A
VIATION STANDARDS .—The govern-
ment of the country complies with United States aviation and airport security stand-ards, as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security.’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (9)— (I) by striking subparagraph (B); and (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and 
(D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively. 
(C) F
AILURE TO FULLY IMPLEMENT INFORMA -
TION SHARING AGREEMENT .—Section 217(c)(5) 
of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(c)(5)) is amended— 
(i) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); and 
(ii) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) F AILURE TO FULLY IMPLEMENT INFOR -
MATION SHARING AGREEMENT .— 
‘‘(i) D ETERMINATION .—If the Secretary of 
Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State, determines that the gov-ernment of a program country has failed to fully implement the agreements set forth in paragraph (2)(F), the country shall be termi-nated as a program country. 
‘‘(ii) R
EDESIGNATION .—Not sooner than 90 
days after the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, in consultation with the Secretary of State, determines that a country that has been terminated as a program country pur-suant to clause (i) is now in compliance with the requirement set forth in paragraph (2)(F), the Secretary of Homeland Security may redesignate such country as a program country.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.022 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8552 December 9, 2015 
(2) A DVANCE PASSENGER INFORMATION EAR -
LIER THAN 1 HOUR BEFORE ARRIVAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 217(a)(10) of such 
Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(a)(10)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘not less than one hour prior to arrival’’ and inserting ‘‘as soon as practicable, but not later than 1 hour before arriving’’. 
(B) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 
217(c)(3) of such Act is amended, in the mat-ter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the initial period—’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 1989:’’. 
(b) F
ACTORS THE DEPARTMENT OF HOME-
LAND SECURITY SHALL CONSIDER FOR VISA 
WAIVER COUNTRIES .— 
(1) C ONSIDERATION OF COUNTRY ’S CAPACITY  
TO IDENTIFY DANGEROUS INDIVIDUALS .—Sec-
tion 217(c)(4) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(c)(4)), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIRED SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS  
FOR PROGRAM DESIGNATION AND CONTINU -
ATION .—In determining whether a country 
should be designated as a program country or whether a program country should retain its designation as a program country, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall con-sider the following: 
‘‘(A) C
APACITY TO COLLECT , ANALYZE , AND 
SHARE DATA CONCERNING DANGEROUS INDIVID -
UALS .—Whether the government of the coun-
try— 
‘‘(i) collects and analyzes the information 
described in subsection (a)(10), including ad-vance passenger information and passenger name records, and similar information per-taining to flights not bound for the United States, to identify potentially dangerous in-dividuals who may attempt to travel to the United States; and 
‘‘(ii) shares such information and the re-
sults of such analyses with the Government of the United States. 
‘‘(B) S
CREENING OF TRAVELER PASSPORTS .— 
Whether the government of the country— 
‘‘(i) regularly screens passports of air trav-
elers against INTERPOL’s global database of Stolen and Lost Travel Documents before al-lowing such travelers to enter or board a flight arriving in or departing from that country, including a flight destined for the United States; and 
‘‘(ii) regularly and promptly shares infor-
mation concerning lost or stolen travel docu-ments with INTERPOL. 
‘‘(C) B
IOMETRIC EXCHANGES .—Whether the 
government of the country, in addition to meeting the mandatory qualifications set forth in paragraph (2)— 
‘‘(i) collects and analyzes biometric and 
other information about individuals other than United States nationals who are apply-ing for asylum, refugee status, or another form of non-refoulment protection in such country; and 
‘‘(ii) shares the information and the results 
of such analyses with the Government of the United States. 
‘‘(D) I
NFORMATION SHARING ABOUT FOREIGN  
TERRORIST FIGHTERS .—Whether the govern-
ment of the country shares intelligence about foreign fighters with the United States and with multilateral organizations, such as INTERPOL and EUROPOL.’’. 
(2) F
AILURE TO REPORT STOLEN PASS -
PORTS .—Section 217(f)(5) of such Act is 
amended by inserting ‘‘frequently and promptly’’ before ‘‘reporting the theft’’. 
SEC. 204. BIOMETRIC SUBMISSION BEFORE 
ENTRY. 
(a) D EMONSTRATION PROGRAM FOR COLLEC -
TION OF BIOMETRIC INFORMATION .— 
(1) I NITIATION .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall initiate a demonstration program to conduct the advance verification of biometric data from a random sample of aliens entering the United States under the visa waiver program 
established under section 217(a) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(a)) that considers the factors set out in para-graph (2). 
(2) F
ACTORS .—In carrying out the dem-
onstration program initiated under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall consider— 
(A) how to verify biometric data through a 
standardized and reliable process or means by which an applicant under the visa waiver program may submit biometric information with relatively limited expense to the appli-cant; 
(B) how to ensure necessary quality of bio-
metric information data verified prior to travel to minimize false positive matches upon an applicant’s seeking admission at a United States port of entry; 
(C) how to verify biometric information 
from an applicant in a manner that confirms the identity of the applicant and prevents, to the greatest extent practicable, the fraudu-lent use of a person’s identity; and 
(D) other elements the Secretary deter-
mines are necessary to create a scalable and reliable means of biometric information verification for the visa waiver program. 
(3) C
OMPLETION .—The demonstration pro-
gram initiated under paragraph (1) shall be completed not later than 15 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 205. VISA WAIVER PROGRAM ADMINISTRA-
TION. 
Section 217(h)(3)(B) of the Immigration and 
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(h)(3)(B)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by amending subclause (II) 
to read as follows: 
‘‘(II) an amount to ensure recovery of the 
full costs of providing and administering the System and implementing the improvements to the program provided in the Visa Waiver Program Security Enhancement Act.’’; and 
(2) by amending clause (ii) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(ii) D
ISPOSITION OF AMOUNTS COLLECTED .— 
Amounts collected under clause (i)(I) shall be credited to the Travel Promotion Fund es-tablished under subsection (d) of the Trade Promotion Act of 2009 (22 U.S.C. 2131(d)). Amounts collected under clause (i)(II) shall be transferred to the general fund of the Treasury and made available to pay the costs incurred to administer the System and the improvements made by the Visa Waiver Program Security Enhancement Act. The portion of the fee collected under clause (i)(II) to recover the costs of implementing such improvements may only be used for that purpose.’’. 
Subtitle B—Keeping Firearms Away From 
Terrorists 
SEC. 211. CLOSING THE VISA WAIVER PROGRAM 
GUN LOOPHOLE. 
Section 922 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(5)(B), by inserting ‘‘or 
pursuant to the visa waiver program estab-lished under section 217(a) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(a))’’ before the semicolon at the end; 
(2) in subsection (g)(5)(B), by inserting ‘‘or 
pursuant to the visa waiver program estab-lished under section 217(a) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(a))’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(3) in subsection (y)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting 
‘‘
ORPURSUANT TO THE VISAWAIVER PRO-
GRAM ’’ after ‘‘V ISAS’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘visa,’’ and inserting ‘‘visa or pursuant to the visa waiver program established under section 217(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(a)),’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)(A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or pursuant to the visa waiver program established under section 217(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(a))’’ after ‘‘visa’’. 
SEC. 212. CLOSING THE TERRORIST GUN LOOP-
HOLE. 
(a) S TANDARD FOR EXERCISING ATTORNEY  
GENERAL DISCRETION REGARDING TRANSFER -
RING FIREARMS OR ISSUING FIREARMS PER-
MITS TO DANGEROUS TERRORISTS .—Chapter 44 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting after section 922 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘§ 922A. Attorney General’s discretion to deny 
transfer of a firearm 
‘‘The Attorney General may deny the 
transfer of a firearm under section 922(t)(1)(B)(ii) of this title if the Attorney General— 
‘‘(1) determines that the transferee is 
known (or appropriately suspected) to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism; and 
‘‘(2) has a reasonable belief that the pro-
spective transferee may use a firearm in con-nection with terrorism. 
‘‘§ 922B. Attorney General’s discretion regard-
ing applicants for firearm permits which would qualify for the exemption provided under section 922(t)(3) 
‘‘The Attorney General may determine 
that— 
‘‘(1) an applicant for a firearm permit 
which would qualify for an exemption under section 922(t)(3) is known (or appropriately suspected) to be or have been engaged in con-duct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing ma-terial support or resources for terrorism; and 
‘‘(2) the Attorney General has a reasonable 
belief that the applicant may use a firearm in connection with terrorism.’’; 
(2) in section 921(a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(36) The term ‘terrorism’ includes inter-
national terrorism and domestic terrorism, as defined in section 2331 of this title. 
‘‘(37) The term ‘material support or re-
sources’ has the meaning given the term in section 2339A of this title. 
‘‘(38) The term ‘responsible person’ means 
an individual who has the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the appli-cant or licensee pertaining to firearms.’’; and 
(3) in the table of sections, by inserting 
after the item relating to section 922 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘922A. Attorney General’s discretion to deny 
transfer of a firearm. 
‘‘922B. Attorney General’s discretion regard-
ing applicants for firearm per-mits which would qualify for the exemption provided under section 922(t)(3).’’. 
(b) E
FFECT OF ATTORNEY GENERAL DISCRE -
TIONARY DENIAL THROUGH THE NATIONAL IN-
STANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM  
(NICS) ONFIREARMS PERMITS .—Section 922(t) 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(B)(ii), by inserting ‘‘or 
State law, or that the Attorney General has determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A of this title’’ before the semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, or if the Attorney General has not determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A of this title’’ after ‘‘or State law’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.022 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8553 December 9, 2015 
(i) in clause (i)— 
(I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) was issued after a check of the sys-
tem established pursuant to paragraph (1);’’; 
(ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the State issuing the permit agrees 
to deny the permit application if such other person is the subject of a determination by the Attorney General pursuant to section 922B of this title;’’; 
(4) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, or if 
the Attorney General has not determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A of this title’’ after ‘‘or State law’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘, or if 
the Attorney General has determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A of this title’’ after ‘‘or State law’’. 
(c) U
NLAWFUL SALE OR DISPOSITION OF  
FIREARM BASED UPON ATTORNEY GENERAL  
DISCRETIONARY DENIAL .—Section 922(d) of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) has been the subject of a determina-
tion by the Attorney General under section 922A, 922B, 923(d)(3), or 923(e) of this title.’’. 
(d) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL AS PROHIBITOR .—Section 922(g) of title 
18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking the comma 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(10) who has received actual notice of the 
Attorney General’s determination made under section 922A, 922B, 923(d)(3) or 923(e) of this title,’’. 
(e) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL OF FEDERAL FIREARMS LICENSES .—Sec-
tion 923(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Any’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in para-graph (3), any’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) The Attorney General may deny a li-
cense application if the Attorney General de-termines that the applicant (including any responsible person) is known (or appro-priately suspected) to be or have been en-gaged in conduct constituting, in prepara-tion for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the applicant may use a firearm in connection with terrorism.’’. 
(f) D
ISCRETIONARY REVOCATION OF FEDERAL  
FIREARMS LICENSES .—Section 923(e) of title 
18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘revoke any license’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘revoke— 
‘‘(A) any license’’; (3) by striking ‘‘. The Attorney General 
may, after notice and opportunity for hear-ing, revoke the license’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘; 
‘‘(B) the license’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘. The Secretary’s action’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘; or 
‘‘(C) any license issued under this section if 
the Attorney General determines that the holder of such license (including any respon-sible person) is known (or appropriately sus-pected) to be or have been engaged in con-duct constituting, in preparation for, in aid 
of, or related to terrorism or providing mate-rial support or resources for terrorism, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the applicant may use a firearm in con-nection with terrorism. 
‘‘(2) The Attorney General’s action’’. (g) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TOWITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN FIREARMS LICENSE DE-
NIAL AND REVOCATION SUIT.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 923(f)(1) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘How-ever, if the denial or revocation is pursuant to subsection (d)(3) or (e)(1)(C), any informa-tion upon which the Attorney General relied for this determination may be withheld from the petitioner, if the Attorney General deter-mines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national secu-rity.’’. 
(2) S
UMMARIES .—Section 923(f)(3) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after the third sentence the following: ‘‘With respect to any information withheld from the aggrieved party under paragraph (1), the United States may submit, and the court may rely upon, summaries or redacted versions of documents containing informa-tion the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely com-promise national security.’’. 
(h) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TOWITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN RELIEF FROM DISABIL -
ITIES LAWSUITS .—Section 925(c) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after the third sentence the following: ‘‘If the person is subject to a disability under section 922(g)(10) of this title, any informa-tion which the Attorney General relied on for this determination may be withheld from the applicant if the Attorney General deter-mines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security. In responding to the petition, the United States may submit, and the court may rely upon, summaries or redacted versions of doc-uments containing information the disclo-sure of which the Attorney General has de-termined would likely compromise national security.’’. 
(i) P
ENALTIES .—Section 924(k) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the comma 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) constitutes an act of terrorism, or pro-
viding material support or resources for ter-rorism,’’. 
(j) R
EMEDY FOR ERRONEOUS DENIAL OF  
FIREARM OR FIREARM PERMIT EXEMPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 925A of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking 
‘‘Remedy for erroneous denial of firearm ’’ 
and inserting ‘‘ Remedies ’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘Any person denied a fire-
arm pursuant to subsection (s) or (t) of sec-tion 922’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) Except as provided in subsection (b), 
any person denied a firearm pursuant to sub-section (t) of section 922 or a firearm permit pursuant to a determination made under sec-tion 922B’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) In any case in which the Attorney 
General has denied the transfer of a firearm to a prospective transferee pursuant to sec-tion 922A of this title or has made a deter-mination regarding a firearm permit appli-cant pursuant to section 922B of this title, an action challenging the determination may be brought against the United States. The peti-tion shall be filed not later than 60 days after the petitioner has received actual no-tice of the Attorney General’s determination 
under section 922A or 922B of this title. The court shall sustain the Attorney General’s determination upon a showing by the United States by a preponderance of evidence that the Attorney General’s determination satis-
fied the requirements of section 922A or 922B, as the case may be. To make this showing, the United States may submit, and the court may rely upon, summaries or redacted versions of documents containing informa-tion the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely com-promise national security. Upon request of the petitioner or the court’s own motion, the court may review the full, undisclosed docu-ments ex parte and in camera. The court shall determine whether the summaries or redacted versions, as the case may be, are fair and accurate representations of the un-derlying documents. The court shall not con-sider the full, undisclosed documents in de-ciding whether the Attorney General’s deter-mination satisfies the requirements of sec-tion 922A or 922B.’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 925A and inserting the following: 
‘‘925A. Remedies.’’. 
(k) P
ROVISION OF GROUNDS UNDERLYING IN-
ELIGIBILITY DETERMINATION BY THE NATIONAL  
INSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYS-
TEM.—Section 103 of the Brady Handgun Vio-
lence Prevention Act (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (f)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or the Attorney General 
has made a determination regarding an ap-plicant for a firearm permit pursuant to sec-tion 922B of title 18, United States Code,’’ after ‘‘is ineligible to receive a firearm’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘except any information 
for which the Attorney General has deter-mined that disclosure would likely com-promise national security,’’ after ‘‘reasons to the individual,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g)— (A) the first sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘or if the Attorney General 
has made a determination pursuant to sec-tion 922A or 922B of title 18, United States Code,’’ after ‘‘or State law,’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, except any information 
for which the Attorney General has deter-mined that disclosure would likely com-promise national security’’ before the period at the end; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Any petition for review of information withheld by the Attorney General under this subsection shall be made in accordance with section 925A of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
(l) U
NLAWFUL DISTRIBUTION OF EXPLOSIVES  
BASED UPON ATTORNEY GENERAL DISCRE -
TIONARY DENIAL .—Section 842(d) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (9), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) has received actual notice of the At-
torney General’s determination made pursu-ant to subsection (j) or (d)(1)(B) of section 843 of this title.’’. 
(m) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL AS PROHIBITOR .—Section 842(i) of title 
18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (7), by inserting ‘‘; or’’ at 
the end; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) who has received actual notice of the 
Attorney General’s determination made pur-suant to subsection (j) or (d)(1)(B) of section 843 of this title,’’. 
(n) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL OF FEDERAL EXPLOSIVES LICENSES AND  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.022 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8554 December 9, 2015 
PERMITS .—Section 843 of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Upon’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in sub-section (j), upon’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(j) The Attorney General may deny the 
issuance of a permit or license to an appli-cant if the Attorney General determines that the applicant or a responsible person or em-ployee possessor thereof is known (or appro-priately suspected) to be or have been en-gaged in conduct constituting, in prepara-tion of, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the person may use ex-plosives in connection with terrorism.’’. 
(o) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY  
REVOCATION OF FEDERAL EXPLOSIVES LI-
CENSES AND PERMITS .—Section 843(d) of title 
18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(d)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘if in the opinion’’ and in-
serting the following: ‘‘if— 
‘‘(A) in the opinion’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘. The Secretary’s action’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘; or 
‘‘(B) the Attorney General determines that 
the licensee or holder (or any responsible person or employee possessor thereof) is known (or appropriately suspected) to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism, and that the Attor-ney General has a reasonable belief that the person may use explosives in connection with terrorism. 
‘‘(2) The Attorney General’s action’’. (p) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TOWITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN EXPLOSIVES LICENSE  
ANDPERMIT DENIAL AND REVOCATION SUITS.— 
Section 843(e) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after the 
first sentence the following: ‘‘However, if the denial or revocation is based upon an Attor-ney General determination under subsection (j) or (d)(1)(B), any information which the Attorney General relied on for this deter-mination may be withheld from the peti-tioner if the Attorney General determines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘In responding to any petition for review of a denial or revocation based upon an Attorney General determination under subsection (j) or (d)(1)(B), the United States may submit, and the court may rely upon, summaries or redacted versions of doc-uments containing information the disclo-sure of which the Attorney General has de-termined would likely compromise national security.’’. 
(q) A
BILITY TOWITHHOLD INFORMATION IN  
COMMUNICATIONS TO EMPLOYERS .—Section 
843(h)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or in 
subsection (j) of this section (on grounds of terrorism)’’ after ‘‘section 842(i)’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
inserting ‘‘or in subsection (j) of this sec-tion,’’ after ‘‘section 842(i),’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘, except 
that any information that the Attorney Gen-eral relied on for a determination pursuant to subsection (j) may be withheld if the At-torney General concludes that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security’’ after ‘‘determination’’. 
(r) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO IMMIGRA -
TION AND NATIONALITY ACT.—Section 
101(a)(43)(E)(ii) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(E)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘or (5)’’ and inserting 
‘‘(5), or (10)’’. 
(s) G
UIDELINES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall issue guidelines describing the cir-cumstances under which the Attorney Gen-eral will exercise the authority and make de-terminations under subsections (d)(1)(B) and (j) of section 843 and sections 922A and 922B of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this Act. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The guidelines issued under 
paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) provide accountability and a basis for 
monitoring to ensure that the intended goals for, and expected results of, the grant of au-thority under subsections (d)(1)(B) and (j) of section 843 and sections 922A and 922B of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this Act, are being achieved; and 
(B) ensure that terrorist watch list records 
are used in a manner that safeguards privacy and civil liberties protections, in accordance with requirements outlines in Homeland Se-curity Presidential Directive 11 (dated Au-gust 27, 2004). 
Subtitle C—Strengthening Aviation Security 
SEC. 221. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: 
(1) A DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
trator’’ means the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration. 
(2) TSA.—The term ‘‘TSA’’ means the 
Transportation Security Administration. 
PART I—TRANSPORTATION SECURITY AD-
MINISTRATION WORKFORCE TRAINING AND PROCEDURES 
SEC. 226. TRANSPORTATION SECURITY OFFICER 
TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall conduct a review of the initial and recurrent training provided to transportation security officers who operate airport security checkpoints and conduct baggage screening. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The review under sub-
section (a) shall include— 
(1) training to identify and respond to 
evolving terrorism and security threats; and 
(2) an identification of any gaps in current 
training. 
(c) C OMPREHENSIVE TRAINING PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
develop a comprehensive plan for training transportation security officers based on the review under subsection (a). 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The training plan shall 
include— 
(A) training for new hires; (B) recurrent training for employees, at 
regular intervals; 
(C) training for managers; (D) education regarding TSA functions and 
responsibilities outside the scope of the transportation security officer’s own posi-tion; 
(E) education regarding TSA’s mission and 
role in the Federal interagency counter-ter-rorism efforts; 
(F) training on the tools and equipment 
that may be used in security operations; and 
(G) regular briefings highlighting current 
threats. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall report to Congress on the progress of implementing the com-prehensive training plan developed under subsection (b). 
PART II—ACCESS CONTROLS 
SEC. 231. INSIDER THREATS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
conduct a review of airport security to iden-tify any insider threat vulnerabilities in aviation, and of the programs and practices currently in place to mitigate the risk of in-
sider threats to aviation security. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In conducting the re-
view required by subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall consider— 
(1) available intelligence from domestic 
and international law enforcement and intel-ligence agencies; 
(2) a review of vulnerabilities across the 
national aviation system; and 
(3) possible attack scenarios or adversary 
pathways that represent the greatest insider threat to aviation security. 
(c) P
LAN.—Upon completion of the review 
required by subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall develop a plan to address any identified insider threat vulnerabilities, in-cluding any recommended changes to the programs and practices the Administrator considers necessary to successfully address the vulnerabilities. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date the plan under subsection (c) is de-veloped, the Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report detailing the plan. 
(e) S
TAFFING .—If in conducting the review 
under subsection (a), the Administrator de-termines that additional TSA staffing is re-quired to reduce any insider threat risk that an aviation worker may pose to airport secu-rity, the Administrator shall transmit to Congress a report describing the additional TSA staffing needs, including additional offi-cers to conduct random aviation worker screening. 
(f) T
ESTING .—The Administrator shall di-
rect the Office of Inspection to increase test-ing to identify insider threat vulnerabilities within the entire airport system, including red-team and covert testing. 
(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out sub-sections (e) and (f). 
SEC. 232. AVIATION WORKERS VETTING. 
(a) TSDB I NFORMATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, in coordination with the heads of all appropriate agencies, shall make avail-able to the Administrator all names and identifying information from records within the Terrorist Screening Database of the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigations’ Terrorist Screening Center in a manner that will per-mit the Administrator to conduct such auto-mated vetting as the Administrator deter-mines to be necessary to effectively admin-ister the credential vetting program for indi-viduals with unescorted access to sensitive transportation environments, such as but not limited to secure areas of airports, on board aircraft, or in the vicinity of cargo or property that will be transported by air. 
(2) P
ERMISSIBLE USES .—The Administrator 
is authorized to use the information de-scribed in paragraph (1) when determining whether to approve an airport or air carrier to issue an individual credentials, access to a trusted population, or other security privi-leges. 
(b) R
EVIEW OF DISQUALIFYING CRIMINAL OF-
FENSES .—The Administrator shall review the 
existing list of disqualifying criminal of-fenses for aviation workers to determine the applicability of the list and potential need for modification in light of current threats. 
(c) C
OMPREHENSIVE DATABASE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
review the existing database for aviation workers who have been issued identification media by an airport and take appropriate measures to enhance the database to in-clude— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.022 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8555 December 9, 2015 
(A) for each aviation worker with 
unescorted access to a secured area— 
(i) the record of the aviation worker’s 
background check, including the status and date it was performed; 
(ii) a photo or other biometric data the Ad-
ministrator determines necessary to improve aviation security, either from identification credential or other verified means; 
(iii) legal name, as shown on an acceptable 
Federal or State government issued identity document; 
(iv) current address; (v) any instances of misuse or loss of cre-
dentials issued to individuals for unescorted access to sensitive air transportation envi-ronments; and 
(vi) if applicable, length of authorization 
to work in the United States; 
(B) the capability to add additional infor-
mation requirements; and 
(C) such other categories of information as 
the Administrator considers necessary to ef-fectively administer the Administration’s credential vetting program for individuals with unescorted access to sensitive air trans-portation environments. 
(2) D
ATABASE CONSTRUCTION .—In enhancing 
the database information required under paragraph (1), the Administrator may work with Federal agencies, contractors, or other third parties. 
(3) GAO 
REPORT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of, and report to Con-gress on, the progress to implement the database changes required by paragraph (1), including a review of any obstacles to imple-mentation. 
(d) N
AME FORMATS .—The Administrator 
shall communicate clear instructions to all airport operators and air carriers regarding the recommended or required name format and method of submission for background checks and aviation worker vetting for unescorted access to sensitive air transpor-tation environments. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report detailing any obstacles to the effec-tive vetting of aviation workers with, or ap-plying for, unescorted access to sensitive transportation environments, including— 
(1) any issues accessing databases main-
tained by other Federal agencies, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation and any other agency that contributes to watch lists; 
(2) incomplete identification information 
provided by aviation workers or airport oper-ators; 
(3) specific airport operators that consist-
ently fail to report information required under subsection (c)(1) to the TSA; and 
(4) any unnecessary delay in inputting 
aviation worker data into the database. 
(f) W
AIVER PROCESS FOR DENIED CREDEN -
TIALS .—The Administrator shall establish a 
waiver process for issuing credentials for unescorted access to sensitive air transpor-tation environments, such as Security Iden-tification Display Area (SIDA) credentials, for an individual found to be otherwise ineli-gible for such credentials. In establishing the waiver process, the Administrator shall— 
(1) give consideration to the circumstances 
of any disqualifying act or offense, restitu-tion made by the individual, Federal and State mitigation remedies, and other factors from which it may be concluded that the in-dividual does not pose a terrorism risk war-ranting denial of the card; and 
(2) consider the appeals and waiver process 
established under section 70105(c) of title 46, United States Code. 
(g) R
EVIEW OF CREDENTIAL MEDIA.— (1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
review available media credentials used for unescorted access to sensitive air transpor-tation environments to determine whether technology is available— 
(A) to make a meaningful improvement 
upon existing credentials technology; 
(B) to strengthen airport security, through 
biometrics or other technologies; 
(C) to effectively or more effectively pre-
vent fraudulent replication of credentials; and 
(D) that is cost-effective. (2) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—Based upon the find-
ings of the review in paragraph (1), the Ad-ministrator may conduct a pilot program to test new access media at airports. 
(h) R
EAL-TIME, CONTINUOUS VETTING FOR  
CRIMINAL HISTORY RECORDS CHECK .—The Ad-
ministrator shall work with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to im-plement the Rap Back Service from the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation’s Next Genera-tion Identification program for purposes of vetting individuals with unescorted access to sensitive transportation environments. 
(i) R
EVIEW .—The Administrator may re-
view and update the procedures for aviation workers with escorted access to sensitive transportation environments. 
SEC. 233. INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) G RANT PROGRAM .—To assist airports in 
reducing the number of secure access points 
for employees to the practical minimum, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall create a grant program to assist airports in car-rying out the necessary construction to ad-dress attack scenarios or adversary path-ways and mitigate the insider threat. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out the grant program under subsection (a). 
SEC. 234. VISIBLE DETERRENT. 
Section 1303(a) of the Implementing Rec-
ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1112(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) shall require that a VIPR team de-
ployed to an airport conduct operations in the areas to which only individuals issued se-curity credentials have unescorted access.’’. 
PART III—TRANSPORTATION SECURITY 
ADMINISTRATION INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY 
SEC. 241. RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator, in co-
ordination with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, and the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall review existing or on-going Federal research that may contribute to the development of screening tools and equipment for TSA’s mission. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL RESEARCH .—After com-
pleting the review under paragraph (1), the Administrator and the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall coordinate with the heads of relevant Federal research agencies to pursue research that may lead to advances in passenger and baggage screening technology. 
(c) R
ESEARCH UNIVERSITIES .—To the extent 
the TSA is authorized to disclose informa-tion relating to its threat detection capabili-ties, the Administrator may partner with 1 or more research universities in the United States to conduct research into the hardware and software to screen passengers and bag-gage. 
SEC. 242. PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator or Under Secretary for 
Science and Technology shall convene a working group of screening technology users from the private sector for the purpose of fostering public-private partnerships. 
(b) M
EMBERS .—The working group shall in-
clude representatives of private sector enti-ties, such as major sports leagues and opera-tors of large scale resort parks, which have implemented or are investing in the develop-ment of screening security solutions in-tended to expeditiously screen high volumes of individuals and personal belongings. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The focus of the working 
group shall be to provide recommendations to the Administrator— 
(1) to ensure better coordination between 
the TSA and such private sector entities; 
(2) to enable the TSA to take advantage of 
new screening technologies developed for the private sector; 
(3) to foster public-private partnership 
principles; and 
(4) to leverage and maximize the use of pri-
vate sector capital, whenever appropriate. 
SEC. 243. REPORT. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report regarding TSA’s efforts to encourage public-private cooperation and encourage in-novative airport security ideas. 
PART IV—IMPROVING INTERNATIONAL 
COORDINATION TO TRACK TERRORISTS 
SEC. 251. COORDINATION WITH INTERNATIONAL 
AUTHORITIES. 
The Administrator shall— 
(1) encourage maximum coordination with 
international counterparts to ensure secu-rity best practices are shared and imple-mented to enhance aviation security glob-ally; and 
(2) whenever appropriate, seek to increase 
the opportunities the TSA has to leverage its knowledge and expertise to promote greater international cooperation in enhancing avia-tion security globally, including increased information sharing, personnel exchanges, and aviation worker vetting. 
SEC. 252. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COOPERATION 
TO TRACK TERRORISTS TRAVELING BY AIR. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United 
States should— 
(1) closely cooperate with the European 
Union as the European Union develops and implements its new program to store infor-mation on passengers traveling on commer-cial air carriers in and out of the European Union; and 
(2) encourage the dissemination of such in-
formation within the European Union and the United States for law enforcement and national security purposes. 
Subtitle D—Strengthening Security of 
Radiological Materials 
SEC. 261. PREVENTING TERRORIST ACCESS TO 
DOMESTIC RADIOLOGICAL MATE-RIALS. 
(a) C OMMERCIAL LICENSES .—Section 103 of 
the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2133) is amended— 
(1) in subsection d., in the third sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘under a circumstance de-scribed in subsection g., or’’ after ‘‘within the United States’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘g. In addition to the limitations described 
in subsection d. and the limitations provided at the discretion of the Commission, the Commission shall not grant a license to any individual who is— 
‘‘(1) listed in the terrorist screening data-
base maintained by the Federal Government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.022 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8556 December 9, 2015 
Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal 
Bureau of Investigation; or 
‘‘(2) convicted of any offense under any 
Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— 
‘‘(A) engaging in conduct constituting, in 
preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; 
‘‘(B) providing material support or re-
sources for terrorism; or 
‘‘(C) the making of a terrorist threat. 
‘‘h. The Commission shall suspend imme-
diately any license granted under this sec-tion if the Commission discovers that the li-censee is providing unescorted access to any 
employee who is— 
‘‘(1) listed in the terrorist screening data-
base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or 
‘‘(2) convicted of any offense under any 
Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— 
‘‘(A) engaging in conduct constituting, in 
preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; 
‘‘(B) providing material support or re-
sources for terrorism; or 
‘‘(C) the making of a terrorist threat. 
‘‘i. The Commission may lift the suspen-
sion of a license made pursuant to subsection h. if— 
‘‘(1) the licensee has revoked unescorted 
access privileges to the employee; 
‘‘(2) the licensee has alerted the appro-
priate Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment offices of the provision and revocation of unescorted access to the employee; and 
‘‘(3) the Commission has conducted a re-
view of the security of the licensee and de-termined that reinstatement of the licensee would not be inimical to the national secu-rity interests of the United States.’’. 
(b) M
EDICAL THERAPY AND RESEARCH AND  
DEVELOPMENT .—Section 104 of the Atomic 
Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2134) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection d., in the third sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘under a circumstance de-scribed in subsection e., or’’ after ‘‘within the United States’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘e. In addition to the limitations described 
in subsection d. and the limitations provided at the discretion of the Commission, the Commission shall not grant a license to any individual who is— 
‘‘(1) listed in the terrorist screening data-
base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or 
‘‘(2) convicted of any offense under any 
Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— 
‘‘(A) engaging in conduct constituting, in 
preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; 
‘‘(B) providing material support or re-
sources for terrorism; or 
‘‘(C) the making of a terrorist threat. 
‘‘f. The Commission shall suspend imme-
diately any license granted under this sec-tion if the Commission discovers that the li-censee is providing unescorted access to any employee who is— 
‘‘(1) listed in the terrorist screening data-
base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or 
‘‘(2) convicted of any offense under any 
Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— 
‘‘(A) engaging in conduct constituting, in 
preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; 
‘‘(B) providing material support or re-
sources for terrorism; or 
‘‘(C) the making of a terrorist threat. ‘‘g. The Commission may lift the suspen-
sion of a license made pursuant to subsection f. if— 
‘‘(1) the licensee has revoked unescorted 
access privileges to the employee; 
‘‘(2) the licensee has alerted the appro-
priate Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment offices of the provision and revocation of unescorted access to the employee; and 
‘‘(3) the Commission has conducted a re-
view of the security of the licensee and de-termined that reinstatement of the licensee would not be inimical to the national secu-rity interests of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 262. STRATEGY FOR SECURING HIGH ACTIV-
ITY RADIOLOGICAL SOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator for 
Nuclear Security shall— 
(1) in coordination with the Chairman of 
the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Secretary of Homeland Security, develop a strategy to enhance the security of all high 
activity radiological sources as soon as pos-sible; and 
(2) not later than 120 days after such date 
of enactment, submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report describing the strategy required by paragraph (1). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a)(2) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of activities of the Na-
tional Nuclear Security Administration, on-going as of the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(A) to secure high activity domestic radio-
logical sources; and 
(B) to secure radiological materials inter-
nationally and to prevent their illicit traf-ficking as part of the broader Global Nuclear Detection Architecture. 
(2) A list of any gaps in the legal authority 
of United States Government agencies need-ed to secure all high activity radiological sources. 
(3) An estimate of the cost of securing all 
high activity domestic radiological sources. 
(4) A list, in the classified annex author-
ized by subsection (c), of all high activity do-mestic radiological sources at sites at which enhanced physical security measures that comply with the requirements of the Office of Global Material Security of the National Nuclear Security Administration are not in effect. 
(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required 
by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form and shall include a classified annex. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources, the Committee on Environment and Public Works, and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
(2) H
IGH ACTIVITY DOMESTIC RADIOLOGICAL  
MATERIAL .—The term ‘‘high activity domes-
tic radiological source’’ means Category 1 or 2 quantities of radiological material, as de-termined by the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, located at a site in the United States. 
(3) S
ECURE .—The terms ‘‘secure’’ and ‘‘se-
curity’’, with respect to high activity radio-logical sources, refer to all activities to pre-vent terrorists from acquiring such sources, including enhanced physical security and tracking measures, removal and disposal of disused sources, replacement of such sources with nonradiological technologies where fea-sible, and detection of illicit trafficking. SEC. 263. OUTREACH TO STATE AND LOCAL LAW 
ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES ON RADI-OLOGICAL THREATS. 
Section 201(d) of the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(26)(A) Not later than every 2 years, the 
Secretary shall submit a written certifi-cation to Congress that the field staff of the Department have briefed State and local law enforcement representatives about radio-logical security threats. 
‘‘(B) A briefing conducted under subpara-
graph (A) shall include information on— 
‘‘(i) the presence and current security sta-
tus of all high activity domestic radiological sources housed within the jurisdiction of the law enforcement agency being briefed; 
‘‘(ii) the threat that high activity domestic 
radiological sources could pose to their com-munities and to the national security of the United States if these sources were lost, sto-len or subject to sabotage by criminal or ter-rorist actors; and 
‘‘(iii) guidelines and best practices for 
mitigating the impact of emergencies involv-ing high activity domestic radiological sources. 
‘‘(C) The National Nuclear Security Ad-
ministration, the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, and Federal law enforcement agen-cies shall provide information to the Depart-ment in order for the Secretary to submit the written certification described in sub-paragraph (A). 
‘‘(D) A written certification described in 
subparagraph (A) shall include a report on the activity of the field staff of the Depart-ment to brief State and local law enforce-ment representatives, including, as provided to the field staff of the Department by State and Local law enforcement agencies— 
‘‘(i) an aggregation of incidents regarding 
high activity domestic radiological sources; and 
‘‘(ii) information on current activities un-
dertaken to address the vulnerabilities of these high activity domestic radiological sources. 
‘‘(E) In this paragraph, the term ‘high ac-
tivity domestic radiological sources’ means category 1 quantity and category 2 quantity radiological materials, as determined by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.’’. 
Subtitle E—Stopping Homegrown Extremism 
SEC. 271. AUTHORIZATION OF THE OFFICE FOR 
COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIPS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 104. OFFICE FOR COMMUNITY PARTNER-
SHIPS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘countering violent extre-
mism’ means proactive and relevant actions to counter efforts by extremists to radicalize, recruit, and mobilize followers to violence and to address the conditions that allow for violent extremist recruitment and radicalization; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘violent extremism’ means 
ideologically motivated violence as a method of advancing a cause. 
‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is in the De-
partment an Office for Community Partner-ships. 
‘‘(c) H
EAD OF OFFICE .—The Office for Com-
munity Partnerships shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary for Community Partner-ships, who shall be designated by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(d) D
EPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY ; AS-
SIGNMENT OF PERSONNEL .—The Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(1) designate a career Deputy Assistant 
Secretary for Community Partnerships; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.022 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8557 December 9, 2015 
‘‘(2) assign or hire, as appropriate, perma-
nent staff to the Office for Community Part-nerships. 
‘‘(e) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Assistant Sec-
retary for Community Partnerships shall be responsible for the following: 
‘‘(1) Leading the efforts of the Department 
to counter violent extremism across all the components and offices of the Department that conduct strategic and supportive efforts to counter violent extremism. Such efforts shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) Partnering with communities to ad-
dress vulnerabilities that can be exploited by violent extremists in the United States and explore potential remedies for government and non-government institutions. 
‘‘(B) Working with civil society groups and 
communities to counter violent extremist propaganda, messaging, or recruitment. 
‘‘(C) In coordination with the Office for 
Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the De-partment, managing the outreach and en-gagement efforts of the Department directed toward communities at risk for radicalization and recruitment for violent extremist activities. 
‘‘(D) Ensuring relevant information, re-
search, and products inform efforts to counter violent extremism. 
‘‘(E) Developing and maintaining Depart-
ment-wide plans, strategy guiding policies, and programs to counter violent extremism. Such plans shall, at a minimum, address each of the following: 
‘‘(i) The Department’s plan to leverage new 
and existing Internet and other technologies and social media platforms to improve non- government efforts to counter violent extre-mism, as well as the best practices and les-sons learned of other Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, and foreign partners en-gaged in similar counter-messaging efforts. 
‘‘(ii) The Department’s countering violent 
extremism-related engagement efforts. 
‘‘(iii) The use of cooperative agreements 
with State, local, tribal, territorial, and other Federal departments and agencies re-sponsible for efforts relating to countering violent extremism. 
‘‘(F) Coordinating with the Office for Civil 
Rights and Civil Liberties of the Department to ensure all of the activities of the Depart-ment related to countering violent extre-mism fully respect the privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties of all persons. 
‘‘(G) In coordination with the Under Sec-
retary for Science and Technology and in consultation with the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, identifying and recommending new research and analysis re-quirements to ensure the dissemination of information and methods for Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial countering vio-lent extremism practitioners, officials, law enforcement, and non-governmental partners to utilize such research and analysis. 
‘‘(H) Assessing the methods used by violent 
extremists to disseminate propaganda and messaging to communities at risk for re-cruitment by violent extremists. 
‘‘(2) Developing a digital engagement 
strategy that expands the outreach efforts of the Department to counter violent extremist messaging by— 
‘‘(A) exploring ways to utilize relevant 
Internet and other technologies and social media platforms; and 
‘‘(B) maximizing other resources available 
to the Department. 
‘‘(3) Serving as the primary representative 
of the Department in coordinating coun-tering violent extremism efforts with other Federal departments and agencies and non- governmental organizations. 
‘‘(4) Serving as the primary Department- 
level representative in coordinating with the Department of State on international coun-
tering violent extremism issues. 
‘‘(5) In coordination with the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, providing guidance regarding the use of grants made to State, local, and tribal governments under sections 2003 and 2004 under the allowable uses guidelines re-lated to countering violent extremism. 
‘‘(6) Developing a plan to expand philan-
thropic support for domestic efforts related to countering violent extremism, including by identifying viable community projects and needs for possible philanthropic support. 
‘‘(7) Administering the assistance de-
scribed in subsection (f). 
‘‘(f) G
RANTS TO COUNTER VIOLENT EXTRE -
MISM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In accordance with this 
subsection, the Secretary may award grants or cooperative agreements directly to eligi-ble recipients identified in paragraph (2) to support the efforts of local communities in the United States to counter violent extre-mism. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—The Secretary 
may award competitive grants or coopera-tive agreements based on need directly to— 
‘‘(A) States; ‘‘(B) local governments; ‘‘(C) tribal governments; ‘‘(D) nonprofit organizations; or ‘‘(E) institutions of higher education. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Each entity receiving 
a grant or cooperative agreement under this subsection shall use the grant or cooperative agreement for 1 or more of the following pur-poses: 
‘‘(A) To train or exercise for countering 
violent extremism, including building train-ing or exercise programs designed to improve cultural competency and to ensure that com-munities, government, and law enforcement receive accurate, intelligence-based informa-tion about the dynamics of radicalization to violence. 
‘‘(B) To develop, implement, or expand pro-
grams or projects with communities to dis-cuss violent extremism or to engage commu-nities that may be targeted by violent ex-tremist radicalization. 
‘‘(C) To develop and implement projects 
that partner with local communities to pre-vent radicalization to violence. 
‘‘(D) To develop and implement a com-
prehensive model for preventing violent ex-tremism in local communities, including ex-isting initiatives of State or local law en-forcement agencies and existing mechanisms for engaging the resources and expertise available from a range of social service pro-viders, such as education administrators, mental health professionals, and religious leaders. 
‘‘(E) To educate the community about 
countering violent extremism, including the promotion of community-based activities to increase the measures taken by the commu-nity to counter violent extremism. 
‘‘(F) To develop or assist social service pro-
grams that address root causes of violent ex-tremism and develop, build, or enhance al-ternatives for members of local communities that may be targeted by violent extremism. 
‘‘(G) To develop or enhance State or local 
government initiatives that facilitate and build overall capacity to address the threats post by violent extremism. 
‘‘(H) To support such other activities, con-
sistent with the purposes of this subsection, as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(4) G
RANT GUIDELINES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, be-
fore awarding a grant or cooperative agree-ment under this subsection, the Secretary shall develop guidelines published in a notice of funding opportunity that describe— ‘‘(i) the process for applying for grants and 
cooperative agreements under this sub-section; 
‘‘(ii) the criteria that the Secretary will 
use for selecting recipients based on the need demonstrated by the applicant; and 
‘‘(iii) the requirements that recipients 
must follow when utilizing funds under this subsection to conduct training and exercises and otherwise engage local communities re-garding countering violent extremism. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the 
requirements under subparagraph (A)(iii), the Secretary shall consider the following: 
‘‘(i) Training objectives should be clearly 
defined to meet specific countering violent extremism goals, such as community en-gagement, cultural awareness, or commu-nity-based policing. 
‘‘(ii) Engaging diverse communities in the 
United States to counter violent extremism may require working with local grassroots community organizations to develop engage-ment and outreach initiatives. 
‘‘(iii) Training programs should— ‘‘(I) be sensitive to Constitutional values, 
such as protecting fundamental civil rights and civil liberties, and eschew notions of ra-cial and ethnic profiling; and 
‘‘(II) adhere to the standards and ethics of 
the Department, ensuring that the clearly defined objectives are in line with the strate-gies of the Department to counter violent ex-tremism. 
‘‘(iv) Establishing vetting procedures for 
self-selected countering violent extremism training experts who offer programs that may claim to counter violent extremism, but serve to demonize certain individuals or whole cross sections of a community. 
‘‘(v) Providing a review process to deter-
mine if countering violent extremism train-ing focuses on community engagement and outreach. 
‘‘(vi) Providing support to law enforcement 
to enhance knowledge, skills, and abilities to increase engagement techniques with diverse communities in the United States. 
‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Beginning in the 
first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this section, and in each of the next 5 fiscal years, the Assistant Secretary for Community Partnerships shall submit to Congress an annual report on the Office for Community Partnerships, which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(1) a description of the status of the pro-
grams and policies of the Department for countering violent extremism in the United States; 
‘‘(2) a description of the efforts of the Of-
fice for Community Partnerships to cooper-ate with and provide assistance to other Fed-eral departments and agencies; 
‘‘(3) qualitative and quantitative metrics 
for evaluating the success of such programs and policies and the steps taken to evaluate the success of such programs and policies; and 
‘‘(4) an accounting of— ‘‘(A) grants awarded by the Department to 
counter violent extremism; and 
‘‘(B) all training specifically aimed at 
countering violent extremism sponsored by the Department.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) 
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 103 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 104. Office for Community Partner-
ships.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.022 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8558 December 9, 2015 
SEC. 272. RESEARCH AND EVALUATION PROGRAM 
FOR DOMESTIC RADICALIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General, 
acting through the Office of Justice Pro-grams, may engage in research and evalua-tion activities, including awarding grants to units of local government, nonprofit organi-zations, and institutions of higher education (as defined in section 102 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)), to iden-tify causes of violent extremism and related phenomena and advance evidence-based strategies for effective prevention and inter-vention. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019. 
Subtitle F—Comprehensive Independent 
Study of National Cryptography Policy 
SEC. 281. COMPREHENSIVE INDEPENDENT STUDY 
OF NATIONAL CRYPTOGRAPHY POL-ICY. 
(a) S TUDY BY NATIONAL RESEARCH COUN-
CIL.—Not later than 90 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the National Re-search Council shall commence a comprehen-sive study on cryptographic technologies and national cryptography policy. 
(b) M
ATTERS TO BEASSESSED IN STUDY .— 
The study required under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) assess current and future development 
in encryption technology, including how such technology is likely to be deployed by both United States and international indus-tries; 
(2) assess the effect of cryptographic tech-
nologies on— 
(A) national security interests of the 
United States Government; 
(B) law enforcement interests of the United 
States Government; 
(C) commercial interests of United States 
industry; 
(D) privacy interests of United States citi-
zens; and 
(E) activities of the United States Govern-
ment to promote human rights and Internet freedom; and 
(3) consider the conclusions and rec-
ommendations of the report issued by the National Research Council in 1996 entitled ‘‘Cryptography’s Role in Securing the Infor-mation Society’’. 
(c) C
OOPERATION WITHSTUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of National 
Intelligence, the Attorney General, the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of Com-merce, and the Secretary of State shall di-rect all appropriate departments and agen-cies to cooperate fully with the National Re-search Council in its activities in carrying out the study required under subsection (a). 
(2) N
ATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL .—The Na-
tional Research Council shall cooperate with United States entities that have an interest in encryption policy, including United States industry and nonprofit organizations. 
(d) R
EPORT .—The National Research Coun-
cil shall complete the study and submit to the Committee on the Judiciary, the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives, a report on the study within approximately two years after full processing of security clearances under subsection (e). The report on the study shall set forth the Council’s findings and conclusions and the rec-ommendations of the Council for improve-ments in cryptography policy and proce-dures. The report shall be submitted in un-
classified form, with classified annexes as necessary. 
(e) E
XPEDITED PROCESSING OF SECURITY  
CLEARANCES FOR STUDY .—For the purpose of 
facilitating the commencement of the study under this section, the appropriate depart-ments, agencies, and elements of the execu-tive branch shall expedite to the fullest de-gree possible the processing of security clearances that are necessary for the Na-tional Research Council to conduct the study required under subsection (a). 
Subtitle G—Law Enforcement Training 
SEC. 291. LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING FOR AC-
TIVE SHOOTER INCIDENTS. 
Section 2006(a)(2) of the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 607(a)(2)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) 
through (I) as subparagraphs (F) through (J), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) training exercises to enhance pre-
paredness for and response to active shooter incidents and security events at public loca-tions;’’. 
SEC. 292. ACTIVE SHOOTER INCIDENT RESPONSE 
ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall, in consultation with the Attorney General and other Federal agencies as appropriate, provide technical assistance to State, local, tribal, territorial, private sector, and nongovernmental partners for the development of response plans for active shooter incidents in publicly accessible spaces, including facilities that have been identified by the Department of Homeland Security as potentially vulnerable targets. 
(b) T
YPES OF PLANS .—The response plans 
developed under subsection (a) may include, but are not limited to, the following ele-ments: 
(1) A strategy for evacuating and providing 
care to persons inside the publicly accessible space, with consideration given to the needs of persons with disabilities. 
(2) A plan for establishing a unified com-
mand, including identification of staging areas for law enforcement and fire response. 
(3) A schedule for regular testing of com-
munications equipment used to receive emergency calls. 
(4) An evaluation of how emergency calls 
placed by persons inside the publicly acces-sible space will reach police in an expedi-tious manner. 
(5) A practiced method and plan to commu-
nicate with occupants of the publicly acces-sible space. 
(6) A practiced method and plan to commu-
nicate with the surrounding community re-garding the incident and the needs of Fed-eral, State, and local officials. 
(7) A plan for coordinating with volunteer 
organizations to expedite assistance for vic-tims. 
(8) To the extent practicable, a projected 
maximum time frame for law enforcement response to active shooters, acts of ter-rorism, and incidents that target the pub-licly accessible space. 
(9) A schedule for joint exercises and train-
ing. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report on findings re-sulting from technical assistance provided under subsection (a), including an analysis of the level of preparedness to respond to active 
shooter incidents in publicly accessible spaces. 
(d) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall— 
(1) identify best practices for security inci-
dent planning, management, and training for responding to active shooter incidents in publicly accessible spaces; and 
(2) establish a mechanism through which 
to share such best practices with State, local, tribal, territorial, private sector, and nongovernmental partners. 
SEC. 293. GRANTS TO STATE AND LOCAL LAW EN-
FORCEMENT AGENCIES FOR ANTITERRORISM TRAINING PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General 
may award grants to develop and implement antiterrorism training and technical assist-ance programs for State, local, and tribal law enforcement. 
(b) U
SE OF GRANT AMOUNTS .—A grant 
awarded under subsection (a) may be used— 
(1) to provide specialized antiterrorism de-
tection, investigation, and interdiction training and related services to State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies and prosecution authorities, which may include workshops, on-site and online training courses, joint training and activities with and focusing on community stakeholders and partnerships, educational materials and re-sources, or other training means as nec-essary; and 
(2) to identify antiterrorism-related train-
ing needs at the State, local, and tribal level and conduct customized training programs to address those needs. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each fis-cal year. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 332—COM-
MEMORATING THE 140TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE MARINE ENGI-NEERS’ BENEFICIAL ASSOCIA-TION 
Ms. MIKULSKI submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 332 
Whereas the Marine Engineers’ Beneficial 
Association (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘M.E.B.A.’’) was founded in 1875 and is the oldest maritime union in the United States; 
Whereas, soon after the founding of the 
M.E.B.A., the M.E.B.A. battled for beneficial legislation to certify, license, and protect waterborne engineers; 
Whereas the M.E.B.A. prevailed in securing 
deck and engine officers of the United States aboard flagships of the United States, dis-placing foreign seamen; 
Whereas, since 1875, the M.E.B.A. has been 
the premier maritime labor union for the of-ficers of the United States Merchant Marine; 
Whereas the members of the M.E.B.A., in-
cluding thousands of marine engine and deck officers, are unparalleled in maritime train-ing and experience; 
Whereas M.E.B.A. members crew the most 
technologically advanced ships in the flag fleet of the United States, including con-tainer ships, tankers, Great Lakes and lique-fied natural gas vessels, and a cruise ship; 
Whereas M.E.B.A. members sail aboard 
Government-contracted ships of the Military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.022 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8559 December 9, 2015 
Sealift Command of the United States Navy 
and the Ready Reserve Force of the Mari-time Administration, on tugs and ferry fleets around the United States, and in various ca-pacities in shoreside industries; 
Whereas M.E.B.A. members provide crit-
ical support to the United States by carrying cargo to aid the Armed Forces of the United States in overseas conflicts; 
Whereas, during Operation Iraqi Freedom, 
the commercial, privately-owned fleet, crewed by civilians of the United States, car-ried more than 85 percent of the materials and equipment needed by the United States and the allies of the United States to achieve victory; 
Whereas, since 1875, M.E.B.A. members 
have served in every conflict and war in which the United States has been involved, including the Spanish-American War, World Wars I and II, Operation Enduring Freedom, and Operation Iraqi Freedom; 
Whereas the M.E.B.A. brings critical food 
aid to starving people in Ethiopia, Somalia, and dozens of other countries around the world; 
Whereas, as the people of the United States 
watched the tragedy of September 11, 2001 unfold, members of the M.E.B.A. ferried thousands of people to safety in New York; 
Whereas, during the aftermath of Hurri-
canes Katrina and Rita, the tsunami in Southeast Asia, and countless other disas-ters, the M.E.B.A. was there with the profes-sionalism, pride, and patriotism that has long been the hallmark of mariners of the United States; 
Whereas the M.E.B.A. has its own mari-
time training center, the Calhoon M.E.B.A. Engineering School in Easton, Maryland, which keeps seafaring members on the cut-ting edge of the industry; and 
Whereas the Calhoon M.E.B.A. Engineering 
School was originally located in Baltimore because of the rich maritime tradition in that city but later moved to the Eastern Shore of Maryland when the school needed to expand: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate commemorates 
the 140th anniversary of the Marine Engi-neers’ Beneficial Association. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 9, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 9, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on De-cember 9, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 9, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘United Nations Peacekeeping and Op-portunities for Reform.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 9, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 9, 2015, at 11 a.m. to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening the Visa Waiver Program After the Paris Attacks.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on December 9, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on December 9, 2015, at 2 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on De-cember 9, 2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 9, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. SUBCOMMITTEE ON AFRICA AND GLOBAL HEALTH  
POLICY  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on Africa and Global Health Policy be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 9, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Political and Secu-rity Crisis in Burundi.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Special Committee on Aging be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 9, 2015, in room SDG–50 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Sudden Price Spikes in Off-Patent Drugs: Perspectives from the Front Lines.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Alicia Kielmovitch, an education legislative fellow in Senator H
ATCH ’s office, be 
granted floor privileges for the remain-der of this calendar year. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations en bloc: Calendar Nos. 415 through 420, 422, and 423. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the nomina-
tions en bloc. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nations of Catherine Ebert-Gray, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Sen-ior Foreign Service, Class of Minister- Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Inde-pendent State of Papua New Guinea, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Solomon Islands and Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Vanuatu; G. Kathleen Hill, of Colorado, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Malta; John D. Feeley, of the District of Columbia, a Career 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.023 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8560 December 9, 2015 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, 
Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Panama; Eric Seth Rubin, of New York, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Bulgaria; Kyle R. Scott, of Arizona, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Serbia; Todd C. Chapman, of Texas, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Ecuador; Jean Elizabeth Manes, of Florida, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of El Sal-vador; and Linda Swartz Taglialatela, of New York, a Career Member of the Senior Executive Service, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to Barbados, and to serve con-currently and without additional com-pensation as Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Fed-eration of St. Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Antigua and Barbuda, the Com-monwealth of Dominica, Grenada, and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the nominations en bloc. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
know of no further debate on the nomi-nations. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Ebert-Gray, Hill, Feeley, Rubin, Scott, Chapman, Manes, and Taglialatela nominations en bloc? 
The nominations were confirmed en 
bloc. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate; that no fur-ther motions be in order to any of the nominations; that any statements re-lated to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be im-
mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion and the Senate then resume legis-lative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. STEM CELL THERAPEUTIC AND 
RESEARCH REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 311, H.R. 2820. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2820) to reauthorize the Stem 
Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
H.R. 2820 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stem Cell 
Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE C.W. BILL 
YOUNG CELL TRANSPLANTATION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 379(d)(2)(B) of the 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 274k(d)(2)(B)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘remote collection’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘collection’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘including remote collection,’’ 
after ‘‘cord blood units,’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec-
tion 379B of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 274m) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$30,000,000 for each of fiscal 
years 2011 through 2014 and’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘and $30,000,000 for each of 
fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’ before the period at the end. 
(c) S
ECRETARY REVIEW ON STATE OF  
SCIENCE .—The Secretary of Health and Human 
Services, in consultation with the Director of the National Institutes of Health, the Commis-sioner of the Food and Drug Administration, and the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, including the Ad-visory Council on Blood Stem Cell Transplan-tation established under section 379(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 274k(a)), and other stakeholders, where appropriate given relevant expertise, shall conduct a review of the state of the science of using adult stem cells and birthing tissues to develop new types of thera-pies for patients, for the purpose of considering the potential inclusion of such new types of therapies in the C.W. Bill Young Cell Trans-plantation Program (established under such sec-tion 379) in addition to the continuation of on-going activities. Not later than June 30, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives rec-ommendations on the appropriateness of such new types of therapies for inclusion in the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program. 
SEC. 3. CORD BLOOD INVENTORY. 
Section 2 of the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Re-
search Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 274k note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘one-time’’; (2) by striking subsection (c); (3) by redesignating subsections (d) through 
(h) as subsections (c) through (g), respectively; 
(4) in subsection (d) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraphs 
(2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2), (3), and (4)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATION OF BEST SCIENCE .—The 
Secretary shall take into consideration the best scientific information available in order to maxi-mize the number of cord blood units available for transplant when entering into contracts under this section, or when extending a period of funding under such a contract under para-graph (2). 
‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION OF BANKED UNITS OF  
CORD BLOOD .—In extending contracts pursuant 
to paragraph (3), and determining new alloca-tion amounts for the next contract period or contract extension for such cord blood bank, the Secretary shall take into account the number of cord blood units banked in the National Cord Blood Inventory by a cord blood bank during the previous contract period, in addition to con-sideration of the ability of such cord blood bank to increase the collection and maintenance of additional, genetically diverse cord blood units.’’; 
(5) in subsection (f) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking paragraph (4); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) as 
paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and 
(6) in subsection (g) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘$23,000,000 for each of fiscal 
years 2011 through 2014 and’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and $23,000,000 for each of 
fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’ before the period at the end; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 4. DETERMINATION ON THE DEFINITION OF 
HUMAN ORGAN. 
Not later than one year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue determinations with respect to the inclusion of peripheral blood stem cells and umbilical cord blood in the definition of human organ. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendment 
in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 2820), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 20TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE OPENING OF THE AMERICAN VISIONARY ART MUSEUM 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the HELP Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 317 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 317) commemorating 
the 20th anniversary of the opening of the American Visionary Art Museum. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.064 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8561 December 9, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 317) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agree to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of November 18, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that on Mon-day, January 11, at 5 p.m., the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 213; that there be 30 minutes for debate on the nomination, equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate proceed to vote without inter-vening action or debate on the nomina-tion; that following the disposition of the nomination, the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the Record; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
scheduling a vote on this nomination has been a top priority for Senator T
OOMEY , and we are happy to do that 
just now. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, 
DECEMBER 10, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, De-cember 10; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 3 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; finally, that the Senate recess from 3 p.m. until 4:30 p.m. for the all- Members briefing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the 
previous order, following the remarks of Senator P
ETERS . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Michigan. 
f 
EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS ACT 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to express my support for the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
I am pleased that the Senate was 
able to come together on a bipartisan basis to pass meaningful education re-form, and I commend Senator M
URRAY  
and Senator A LEXANDER for their lead-
ership on this bill. 
I would like to speak about three 
things this bill does that I strongly support and that I believe are of par-ticular importance. First, the bill sup-ports financial literacy programming. Family financial literacy programming can ensure that our Nation’s parents and children have the skills necessary to properly utilize credit, finance an education, manage a household budget, and plan for retirement. I believe that we must do all we can to help our Na-tion’s parents and students succeed in every aspect of their lives. 
Second, the Every Student Succeeds 
Act addresses the lack of data on dual status youth—children who come into contact with both the child welfare and juvenile justice systems. Many at-risk children lack stable home lives, and they are frequently funneled through the school-to-prison pipeline. I was happy to work with the chairman and ranking member to include language in the bill that will help us identify and assist our most vulnerable youth. 
Finally, I was happy to join Senator 
G
ARDNER in introducing language that 
will begin to help schools address the dual enrollment availability gap by en-abling high schools to expand access to such programs using title I funding. I applaud the bill’s focus on dual enroll-ment and early/middle college pro-grams. At a time when student debt is crushing young Americans’ economic prospects, dual enrollment and early/ middle college programs allow high school students to begin earning col-lege credit by taking college-level courses either at their school, online or through a local higher education insti-tution. These models improve access to college while reducing degree comple-tion time and tuition costs. 
Findings from the ACT’s most recent 
‘‘Condition of College and Career Read-iness’’ report suggest that many stu-dents are ready for dual enrollment programs. Forty-two percent of the most recent cohort of high school grad-uates who took the ACT test were ready for college-level mathematics. Nearly 30 percent were college ready in all four subject areas: English, reading, mathematics, and science. 
Unfortunately, hurdles to assessing 
dual enrollment are particularly pro-nounced for low-income students who also face the greatest obstacles to col-lege completion. After participating in 
these programs, many students who may not have planned on attending college realize their potential and go on to attain higher levels of education. A recent study found that dual and concurrent enrollment participation increases the probability of a student completing a degree by 6 percent. 
In addition to a Gardner-Peters 
amendment, the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act includes several other provi-sions that support dual enrollment and early/middle college programs. The bill supports professional development for teachers, principals, and other school leaders, focused on building their ca-pacity to deliver dual or concurrent en-rollment opportunities. 
Additionally, States and school dis-
tricts will be able to use resources pro-vided through the student support and academic enrichment grants to im-prove students’ access to dual enroll-ment programs, either online or in per-son. These policy improvements will make an incredible difference for the Nation’s students. 
There are a number of Senators who 
support dual enrollment and early/mid-dle college programs, and I plan on in-troducing legislation to support dual enrollment and early/middle college programs in the near future. 
My legislation would amend the 
Higher Education Act to expand access to dual and concurrent enrollment pro-grams as well as early/middle college programs that enable students to earn college credit while in high school. I look forward to working with my col-leagues in the coming months to ex-pand access to these programs. 
Again, I applaud the passage of the 
Every Student Succeeds Act. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. to-morrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 5:54 p.m., 
adjourned until Thursday, December 10, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate December 9, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
CATHERINE EBERT–GRAY, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE INDEPENDENT STATE OF PAPUA NEW GUINEA, AND TO SERVE CONCURRENTLY AND WITH-OUT ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SOLOMON ISLANDS AND AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF VANUATU. 
G. KATHLEEN HILL, OF COLORADO, A CAREER MEMBER 
OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MALTA. 
JOHN D. FEELEY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, A 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF PAN-AMA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G09DE6.065 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8562 December 9, 2015 
ERIC SETH RUBIN, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEMBER 
OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF BULGARIA. 
KYLE R. SCOTT, OF ARIZONA, A CAREER MEMBER OF 
THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF SERBIA. TODD C. CHAPMAN, OF TEXAS, A CAREER MEMBER OF 
THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR. 
JEAN ELIZABETH MANES, OF FLORIDA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF EL SALVADOR. LINDA SWARTZ TAGLIALATELA, OF NEW YORK, A CA-
REER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO BARBADOS, AND TO SERVE CONCURRENTLY AND WITH-OUT ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED 
STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERATION OF ST. KITTS AND NEVIS, SAINT LUCIA, ANTIGUA AND BARBUDA , THE COMMONWEALTH OF DOMINICA, GRENADA, AND SAINT VINCENT AND THE GRENADINES. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A09DE6.003 S09DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1741 December 9, 2015 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 1177, 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of the Every Student Succeeds Act. This legislation represents a significant bipar-tisan achievement and one that is long over-due. 
For 14 years, our nation’s public schools 
have operated under a well-intentioned but flawed education law, the No Child Left Be-hind Act. This law set aspirational goals for student learning, and it helped call attention to persistent achievement gaps between groups of students. But No Child Left Behind’s rigid measure of academic achievement—that is, the requirement that schools demonstrate ade-quately yearly progress—and the law’s one- size-fits-all interventions for low-performing schools proved to be unworkable. 
The unfortunate consequences of No Child 
Left Behind’s inflexible requirements have plagued schools in northwest Oregon and in communities across the country. As states were forced to demonstrate leaps in student achievement, an era of high-stakes testing took much of the joy out of teaching and learning. The drive for higher test scores pres-sured many schools to narrow their curricular offerings. Schools shifted resources away from arts and music, history, and foreign languages to bolster the tested subjects. 
This is the day that students, teachers, 
school board members, and families across the country have been waiting for—Congress 
has finally reached an agreement to leave be-hind No Child Left Behind. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act is not per-
fect legislation, but reaching a bipartisan agreement requires compromise. For example, the bill eliminates or consolidates nearly 50 education programs. Although some of these programs were unfunded, merging the others creates genuine concerns about some states disinvesting in current priorities, like physical education, and spending the money else-where. The bill maintains the Secretary of Education’s authority to hold states account-able to the law, but it also places new restric-tions on the Secretary that raise questions about the federal government’s ability to act. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act provides a 
great deal of discretion to states and school districts to improve schools where students are underperforming. Certainly returning con-trol to states and school districts is welcome. Local school boards, superintendents, and educators are best equipped to design school improvement activities that will be effective in their communities. Yet the bill could have done more to make sure that schools make timely improvements when subgroups of stu-dents, such as English learners, students of color, low-income students, and students of disabilities, continue to lag behind their peers. Despite these concerns, the Every Student 
Succeeds Act represents a significant im-provement for our nation’s students and schools. The bill authorizes increased funding, which is especially important because more than half of our country’s public school stu-dents now come from low-income households. The bill rejects a proposal to make Title I fund-ing ‘‘portable,’’ which would have diverted funding from communities with high concentra-tions of poverty to affluent school districts. And the bill includes a maintenance-of-effort re-quirement to help make sure states are ade-quately funding their schools. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act also elimi-
nates No Child Left Behind’s federal account-ability system and directs states to design sys-tems for identifying schools in need of addi-tional support. Importantly, the bill puts in place meaningful requirements for the ac-countability systems designed by states, in-cluding a requirement that state systems give substantial consideration to academic achieve-ment and trigger action in any school where subgroups of students are underperforming. In this way, the Every Student Succeeds Act re-mains true to the civil rights legacy of the original Elementary and Secondary Education Act. The law will continue to require states to identify achievement gaps between groups of students and target resources to schools that need more support to close achievement gaps. 
Importantly, the bill also reduces testing and 
the high stakes associated with statewide exams. The bill requires states to evaluate schools using multiple measures of student learning, so schools will not be held account-able for test scores alone. Additionally, the Every Student Succeeds Act establishes a pilot program for some states to develop alter-native assessment systems. I am particularly pleased that the bill includes language from the Support Making Assessments Reliable and Timely (SMART) Act, bipartisan legislation I authored to help reduce testing. This provision gives resources to districts to eliminate the un-necessary or duplicative assessments that proliferated under No Child Left Behind. This provision also helps districts make better use of assessments by speeding the delivery of assessment results to educators, students, and families and by giving educators more time to plan in response to assessment data. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act includes 
support for well-rounded education. I worked to include a provision in this section to make clear that schools can use federal resources to integrate arts and music into STEM courses. STEAM education, which combines arts and music with STEM subjects, educates both halves of students’ brains; it teaches them to think creatively while they develop technical skills. Highly-skilled students who are also able to develop one-of-a-kind solutions to problems will excel in an economy that values innovation. 
Overall, the Every Student Succeeds Act 
strengthens our nation’s system of public edu-cation. The bill correctly recognizes that teach-ers and principals are skilled professionals 
who know what is best for their students. At the same time, the bill puts in place common-sense requirements to improve achievement among students who have historically been underserved by public education. In other words, the bill strikes the appropriate balance of returning decision making to states and local communities without diluting the federal government’s role in upholding our country’s promise to deliver equal educational opportu-nities and outcomes to all students. 
I would like to thank Chairman K
LINE, Rank-
ing Member S COTT , Chairman A LEXANDER , 
and Ranking Member M URRAY for their tre-
mendous leadership on this bill. The Every Student Succeeds Act is moving forward with strong bipartisan, bicameral support because these leaders were willing to find common ground for the good of our country’s students and educators. 
I have visited schools throughout my district 
and spoken with educators and students in urban and rural communities. In each commu-nity I visit, I am reminded of the urgency of ef-forts to end the test-and-punish culture cre-ated by No Child Left Behind. It is a great honor to be able to support the Every Student Succeeds Act to chart a better path forward for our country’s educators and students. I en-courage all of my colleagues to join me in supporting the bill. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBU-
TIONS OF DANIEL PEARSON TO THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECH-NOLOGY 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of a valued staff member of the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, Doctor Daniel Pearson. Dr. Pearson has served on Capitol Hill for the past quarter cen-tury, most recently as the Minority Staff Direc-tor for the Oversight Subcommittee. 
Dr. Pearson came to the Committee with a 
PhD in Political Science from the University of Washington and a keen interest in public serv-ice. His commitment has always been to good public policy and integrity in government rather than simply partisan politics. That commitment is exemplified by the fact that he has worked effectively for both Republican and Democratic Members of Congress over his congressional career. 
In the early 1990s, Dr. Pearson led inves-
tigations and oversight activities for Congress-man Sherry Boehlert (R–NY). He also worked for former Committee Chairman George Brown (D–CA), Democratic Ranking Member Ralph Hall, and former Chairman Bart Gordon prior to becoming Minority staff director for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09DE8.012 E09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1742 December 9, 2015 
Oversight Subcommittee after I became Rank-
ing Member in 2011. 
Because of the wide-ranging oversight juris-
diction of the Committee, Dr. Pearson has been involved in investigating multiple federal agencies, from the Department of Energy to the Department of Homeland Security, Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, National Science Foundation, and the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, covering a broad array of science and technology issues. He leaves behind a legacy of helping to reign in waste, fraud, abuse and mismanagement throughout the federal government dating back to the Science Committee’s investigation of environmental crimes at the Rocky Flats nu-clear weapons plant. 
Dr. Pearson’s oversight efforts have helped 
to uncover mismanagement of federal re-sources, projects and programs. He helped to re-open a network of key EPA regional librar-ies that had been inexplicably closed. He in-vestigated the Veterans Administration’s inap-propriate destruction of an irreplaceable col-lection of biological samples, including the legionella bacteria that causes Legionnaires disease. He managed an investigation into an important Department of Homeland Security (DHS) laboratory called the Environmental Measurements Laboratory (EML) that revealed the DHS Science & Technology Directorate had intended to close this crucial lab without informing Congress. Dr. Pearson’s efforts re-sulted in saving this lab from closure. His oversight efforts also resulted in the with-drawal of federal funding from a technically troubled and poorly managed aerospace project called the DP–2. His investigation of the mishandling of a critical radioactive iso-tope, Helium-3, used for the identification and detection of dangerous radioactive material, helped put management of that program back on track. 
Dr. Pearson’s oversight work on scientific in-
tegrity and public health resulted in several in-vestigations of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) including its sister agency the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR). These investiga-tions led to the public disclosure of a flawed public health report on the potentially toxic lev-els of formaldehyde in trailers provided to sur-vivors of Hurricane Katrina and Rita by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and a flawed CDC report on the lev-els of lead-in-water in Washington, D.C. In that instance, the Committee’s investigation prompted an internal CDC investigation of its Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Branch and the agency issued two separate formal notifications correcting its public health study. 
In his investigatory and oversight role, Dr. 
Pearson has been a tireless advocate for peo-ple who would otherwise have been left be-hind by the government. There is no better ex-ample of this determination than the work Dan did on behalf of the families of Marines at Camp Lejeune, who we came to learn became sick because of a polluted water supply. It was the kind of staff work that should be admired and copied. 
Dr. Pearson has always believed strongly in 
the institutional oversight authority vested in Congress and the need to investigate alleged wrongdoing by those tasked with overseeing federal agencies. His nonpartisan oversight ef-forts in this regard contributed to the removal of three federal Inspector Generals (IGs) from 
office over the years, one at the National Aer-onautics and Space Administration (NASA) and two at the Department of Commerce. 
Throughout all of these investigations and 
oversight activities, Dr. Pearson demonstrated the patience and endurance to keep after wrongdoers in the federal government for months and even years if necessary. Doing in-vestigatory work for a House committee can 
be thankless task at times, but Dr. Pearson was always willing to do what was necessary to carry out his oversight responsibilities. 
In sum, Dr. Pearson has been a critically 
important member of the Committee staff. He has been passionate about the issues he has worked on, committed to excellence, and a thoughtful mentor to new staff members. I will miss him and dedicated service to the Com-mittee. At the same time, Congress’s loss will be his family’s gain, and I know that his wife Neddie and his daughter Nora are looking for-ward to their time together with him in Oregon. 
I want to thank him for his selfless profes-
sionalism and wish him all the best for the next phase of his life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COUNCILMAN SCOTT 
KINCAID FOR OVER THIRTY YEARS OF PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Flint City Councilman Scott Kincaid for his commitment to the city and for the years he has served as a public servant. 
Born in Flint, MI in 1952, Councilman 
Kincaid has been committed to his hometown most of his life. In 1970, he graduated from Flint Southwestern. After graduation, Council-man Kincaid’s strong sense of civic duty led him to serve in the United States Army. 
Following his time in the service, Council-
man Kincaid worked for GM Fisher and was heavily involved with the UAW. He served on the Executive Board, was the Education Direc-tor, and was appointed the Joint Activity Rep-resentative for Local 581. By 2003, he was working as the Government Liaison to assist with new plant investments. He is currently the Health Initiatives Coordinator for Region 1C Flint. 
In 1985, Councilman Kincaid was first elect-
ed to the Flint City Council. He has from that day forward served the City of Flint to the best of his abilities. Councilman Kincaid served as Council President more than once over his tenure with the city. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the work and com-
mitment of Councilman Kincaid. It is the dedi-cation of people like him that keeps this city strong. COMMEMORATING THE RETIRE-
MENT OF DR. WILLIAM E. ‘‘BRIT’’ KIRWAN 
HON. JOHN P. SARBANES 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Dr. William ‘‘Brit’’ Kirwan, who has been a leader in the State of Maryland and in higher education for more than 50 years. 
President John F. Kennedy once said, 
‘‘Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.’’ Well, I can tell you that Dr. Kirwan’s commitment to leadership and learn-ing over these last 50 years have been indis-pensable not only to one another, but to high-er education in Maryland and across the na-tion. Leading with integrity and purpose, Dr. Kirwan has earned the trust and respect of faculty, students and other leaders of higher education all over the country. 
Throughout his career, Dr. Kirwan has been 
committed to something he has described as ‘‘constructive leadership’’—which involves be-coming a leader not through division and power, but through unity and service. He has embodied this philosophy at College Park, serving as chancellor of the University System of Maryland for more than 12 years, as presi-dent of the University of Maryland for 10 years and as a member of the University’s faculty for 24 years. 
Dr. Kirwan has also taken his service and 
expertise beyond College Park, chairing the National Research Council Board of Higher Education and co-chairing the Knight Commis-sion on Intercollegiate Athletics. He also serves on the boards of more than five organi-zations—including the University of Maryland School of Medicine, Maryland Chamber of Commerce, Greater Baltimore Committee, Economic Alliance of Greater Baltimore and Maryland Business Roundtable for Education. And he belongs to more than four honorary and professional societies—including Phi Beta Kappa, Phi Kappa Phi, the American Mathe-matical Society and the Mathematical Associa-tion of America. 
These efforts have not gone unnoticed. Dr. 
Kirwan is the recipient of one of the nation’s highest honors in higher education—the TIAA– CREF Theodore M. Hesburgh Award for Lead-ership Excellence. His invaluable leadership and his commitment to higher education in our state have also been recognized by several Maryland-based government, academic and business organizations. 
But perhaps the legacy of Dr. Kirwan’s serv-
ice over these last 50 years is best conveyed in his own words. In a speech delivered to Phi Beta Kappa inductees in 2004, Dr. Kirwan said, ‘‘Our nation is in dire need of a new gen-eration of enlightened leadership . . . highly educated, wise leaders who have respect for the individual, for inclusiveness, integrity and the common good.’’ He continued, ‘‘. . . our nation and world face a distressing array of enormous challenges, which—without enlight-ened leadership—will only worsen in the com-ing years.’’ 
If the next generation embodies Dr. Kirwan’s 
commitment to service and enlightened lead-ership, I am confident that it will successfully take on the world’s complex challenges. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE8.001 E09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1743 December 9, 2015 
HONORING THE CAREER OF CABOT 
REA 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and congratulate longtime WCMH an-chor, Cabot Rea, as he retires from broadcast news. For more than 30 years Central Ohio-ans have welcomed him into their homes and trusted his balanced reporting. 
While he worked as a radio announcer 
when he attended Otterbein College, now Otterbein University, journalism was a second career for Cabot. He first served as the Music and Choral Director at Wilson Junior High in Newark where he was twice named ‘‘Teacher of the Year.’’ 
He came to the airwaves as a weekend 
sports anchor and feature reporter in 1985 for WCMH. However, it was as the field anchor for 5:30 Live that Cabot endeared himself to tens of thousands of families across Central Ohio. He proved he was ready for anything by visiting communities, participating in events, and telling the stories of what makes Central Ohio and Central Ohioans so special. 
When he teamed up to anchor broadcasts 
with Colleen Marshall in 1992, no one could have predicted they would enjoy one of the longest tenures in Columbus as co-anchors. For more than 20 years, Cabot and Colleen have been the team viewers turned to in order to learn what was happening across town and around the world. 
Even when the cameras were turned off, 
Cabot’s service to the community didn’t stop. Whether it was helping those in need with 4’s Army, championing NBC4’s ‘‘Battle against Bullying’’ campaign, or working with Nation-wide Children’s Hospital, the Make A Wish Foundation, the Huntington Disease Founda-tion or the Cancer Support Community Central Ohio, Cabot is a leader in every sense of the word. 
One of the most recognizable faces in Cen-
tral Ohio, viewers will miss his clear, concise reporting and captivating story-telling. I have enjoyed working with Cabot over the years and I congratulate him on his 30-year career as a journalist. I wish him and his wife, Heath-er, the best in retirement. 
f 
HONORING THE FORT HILL HIGH 
SCHOOL SENTINELS 
HON. JOHN K. DELANEY 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the achievement of the Fort Hill Sentinels, an extraordinary group of young men from Western Maryland who have in-spired their community and gained recognition across the state. This month, Fort Hill High School of Cumberland won their third con-secutive state football title, winning the Class 1A Maryland State Championship. 
On December 5, the Sentinels defeated 
Havre de Grace 44–14 behind a powerful rushing attack and a strong defense. The Sen-tinels averaged over 10 yards per play, led by fullback Raen Smith who ran for 234 yards. 
Fort Hill is 40–1 over the last three seasons. 
The results produced by the Sentinels—win 
after win after win for three seasons—are a testament to their dedication, teamwork and intelligence, all qualities that we should cele-brate. After winning the state title Coach Todd Appel told the Cumberland Times-News the team would be back in the weight room the next week, a testament to the hard work and commitment of the team. 
The achievement of the Fort Hill Sentinels 
should be recognized and recorded for pos-terity. Congratulations to the Fort Hill Senti-nels, Coach Appel and his staff and everyone who played a part in this championship sea-son. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR MICHAEL J. 
RIGNEY 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to pay tribute to Major Michael J. Rigney for his dedication to duty and service as a De-fense Legislative Fellow to my late respected colleague Chairman C.W. Bill Young of the 13th Congressional district of Florida, as well as his support from within the Pentagon as an Army Congressional Budget Liaison. Major Rigney will be transitioning from his present assignment to serve as an Acquisition Officer at Redstone Arsenal in Alabama. 
A native of Long Island, New York, Major 
Rigney was accepted into the Hofstra Univer-sity Reserve Officer Training Corps program in 2000, where he earned a Bachelor of Busi-ness Administration Degree and graduated as a Distinguished Military Graduate with the class of 2004. Upon graduation, Mike was commissioned as an Army Aviation Branch Of-ficer. He has subsequently earned a Master’s degree in Legislative Affairs from the George Washington University. 
Prior to entering the Army Congressional 
Fellowship Program, Mike served in numerous tactical leadership and staff assignments as an Army Aviation Branch Officer, and UH–60 Blackhawk helicopter Pilot. Major Rigney’s as-signments include Flight School Student, United States Army Aviation Center of Excel-lence, Fort Rucker, Alabama; Flight Platoon Leader, 4th Battalion 3rd Aviation Regiment (Assault), 3rd Combat Aviation Brigade, Hun-ter Army Airfield, Georgia, and Baghdad, Iraq; Aviation Brigade Future Plans and Operations Officer, 3rd Combat Aviation Brigade, Bagh-dad, Iraq; Commander, Bravo Company, 4th Battalion 3rd Aviation Regiment (Task Force Brawler), 3rd Combat Aviation Brigade, Hunter Army Airfield, Georgia, and Logar Province, Afghanistan; Student, Army Aviation Captain’s Career Course, Army Aviation Center of Ex-cellence, Fort Rucker, Alabama. Major Rigney was deployed for 16 months in direct support of combat operations as part of the surge in Baghdad, Iraq, in 2007–2008, and then again for 12 months as part of the surge in Afghani-stan, Regional Command—East, in 2009– 2010. While deployed, Mike accumulated over 933 hours of combat flight time in direct sup-port of Soldiers in the fight of his nearly 1,300 hours of total military piloting experience. In 2013, Michael was selected to be an 
Army Congressional Fellow for a year, working in Chairman Young’s personal office on Cap-itol Hill and very closely with the House Appro-priations Committee, Subcommittee on De-fense. Next, in his role as a Congressional Budget Liaison, working with both the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, Mi-chael ensured the Army’s budget positions were well represented and articulated. Michael was instrumental in ensuring that Congress was informed of the importance of key Army acquisition programs for the future fighting force. 
Mike’s interagency coordination and diligent 
work proved invaluable in assisting Members of Congress and their staff complete the im-portant work of Congressional oversight in support of National Defense and United States foreign policy. 
Throughout his career, Major Rigney has 
positively impacted his soldiers, peers, and su-periors. Our country has been enriched by his extraordinary leadership, thoughtful judgment, and exemplary work. I join my colleagues today in honoring his dedication to our Nation and invaluable service to the United States Congress as an Army Congressional Budget Liaison. 
Mr. Speaker, it has been a genuine pleas-
ure to have worked with Major Michael Rigney over the last three years. On behalf of a grate-ful nation, I join my colleagues today in recog-nizing and commending Michael for his serv-ice to his country and we wish him, his wife Jennifer, and sons, Jackson and Luca, all the best as they continue their journey in the United States Army. 
f 
HONORING CHARLES D IPERRI IN 
CELEBRATION OF HIS 90TH 
BIRTHDAY 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
express my congratulations to Charles DiPerri in celebration of reaching his 90th birthday. 
As he reflects on the great memories that 
have highlighted the past ninety years, I know he will think fondly on all that he’s accom-plished and the positive impact he’s had on New Hampshire. 
It is with great admiration that I congratulate 
Mr. DiPerri on achieving this wonderful mile-stone, and wish him the best on all future en-deavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BONNIE CAR-
ROLL ON RECEIVING THE PRESI-DENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Bonnie Carroll on receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom for her life-long public service and dedication to veterans and their families. 
Bonnie is the Founder and President of 
Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09DE8.004 E09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1744 December 9, 2015 
(TAPS). TAPS was founded in 1994 as the 
nation’s first national support network for the families of fallen service members. Since then, TAPS has supported over 50,000 surviving family members, casualty officers, and care-givers. When President Obama said, of all of the November 24 recipients of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, that ‘‘these men and women have enriched our lives and helped define our shared experience as Americans,’’ he was referring in part to the 50,000 lives of surviving military family members that have been touched by Bonnie’s work. 
TAPS has affected lives through a myriad of 
undertakings: a 24/7 helpline for those griev-ing the loss of a loved one, peer-based and community-oriented emotional support, case-work assistance, informational resources, and the annual Good Grief Camp for young peo-ple. All of this work is offered at no cost for survivors. 
In addition to her service at the helm for 
TAPS, Bonnie is a retired Major in the Air Force Reserve and currently serves on the Defense Health Board and the Board of the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America. She also co-chaired the Department of De-fense Task Force on the Prevention of Suicide in the Armed Forces. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in thanking Bonnie Carroll for the work she has done on behalf of veterans and their fami-lies. Her record of service is truly deserving of the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Her work serves as a reminder of our sacred compact with those who gave the ultimate sacrifice in service to this nation and their families. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JON DANA RAGGETT 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and accomplishments of a re-markable man and to mourn his passing. Jon Raggett was a brilliant engineer, an enthusi-astic and accomplished builder of kayaks, and a tireless and generous philanthropist who founded a nonprofit whose mission was to build schools in developing countries. He was also a lifelong friend of mine, who died fol-lowing a sudden illness on September 26, 2015, at the age of 71. 
Jon Dana Raggett was born July 9, 1944, 
and he grew up in Carmel, California, where his love for boats and the sea was born. Jon graduated from Princeton University with an engineering degree, received an MS from Stanford University, and returned to Princeton to complete his Ph.D. in civil engineering. Throughout his engineering career, he brought his keen analytical mind and his imaginative creativity to projects in structural engineering, earthquake research, and the aerodynamic ef-fects of extreme wind on bridges. Through West Wind Laboratory, which he founded in 1988, he performed wind studies on major bridge, architectural, and industrial projects all over the world. Closer to home, Jon worked on the Golden Gate Bridge, including the cre-ation of a suicide barrier and a retrofit to im-prove the performance of the bridge in high winds, and he also worked on the new span 
of the Bay Bridge. John also served as a member of the engineering faculty at Santa Clara University and the Naval Postgraduate School. 
In 1994, inspired by Theodore Roosevelt’s 
admonition to ‘‘do what you can with what you have,’’ Jon founded Schools3, a nonprofit cor-poration which began as Jon’s attempt to use his engineering skills to address problems of poverty in the developing world. Jon worked on a design for a three-room primary school with an office-storage building and a latrine which could be built with concrete blocks, a metal roof, and finished with plaster walls. This design could be built inexpensively all over the world, and through Schools3 Jon was able to fund and complete the construction of 71 schools in Africa, Honduras, and India. Jon donated his time and the time of his assistant Ann Keeble to Schools3, so every dollar con-tributed went directly towards the construction of a school, with no overhead, administrative, or marketing costs. In 2002, Schools3 re-ceived a commendation for this work from the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee in its report on Foreign Operations. 
Jon also used his structural design skills to 
create musical instruments out of plywood and furniture which was inventive and playful. But his primary passion was for building boats, and designed and built countless beautiful kayaks over the years, no sooner completing one project than he began thinking about how he would improve on the design for the next boat, and there was always a next boat. At Jon’s service, his sisters-in-law quoted from Kenneth Grahame’s beloved The Wind in the Willows: ‘‘Believe me, my young friend, there is nothing—absolutely nothing—half so much worth doing as simply messing about in boats.’’ No one believed this more deeply than Jon Raggett. 
Jon and his wife Tory, a talented artist 
whom he met when they were both 10 years old, raised two sons, Mark and George. When grandchildren Joe, Hugh, Mae, and Owen ar-rived, Jon took delight in introducing them to the joys of being on the water. Jon’s love of his family, his deep commitment to doing what he could to make the world a better place, and his impressive accomplishments in civil engi-neering combined to create an extraordinary man. His untimely death is an enormous loss not only to his beloved family and many friends, but to the world which he worked so hard to improve. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House to join me in celebrating the life of this exemplary man and his remarkable accom-plishments. 
f 
NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECU-
RITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster 
America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and govern-ment accountability, and for other purposes: 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposi-
tion of The North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act (H.R. 8). This bill would reverse America’s progress on energy effi-ciency and energy security. In a time when we need a forward-looking comprehensive energy policy that preserves the environment and pro-vides sustainable energy to American con-sumers, we cannot afford to reverse course. 
The North American Energy Security and In-
frastructure Act would cripple ongoing efforts to curb energy use and promote energy effi-ciency. This bill removes the effective provi-sions of the Energy Independence and Secu-rity Act of 2007 which require federal buildings to reduce fossil fuel-generated energy. Addi-tionally this bill would make it much harder for the Department of Energy to provide assist-ance for building code development at the na-tional, state, and local level. 
Instead of making needed investments in 
our energy infrastructure, H.R. 8 continues to protect big oil and gas companies by attacking newer environmental standards and proce-dures. Section 1101 of this bill makes ex-tremely hazardous changes to the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission natural gas pipe-line permitting process undermining environ-mental protections and land owners’ rights. This section would force FERC to decide on pipeline applications within 90 days even in cases of extremely complex proposed projects. Additionally, it would undermine land owners’ rights by allowing oil and gas compa-nies to use aerial or remote surveys for envi-ronmental data instead of actual surveying the land. 
As the Ranking Member of the House Ap-
propriations Subcommittee on the Interior, En-vironment, and Related Agencies, I am dis-appointed that H.R. 8 would make it easier for oil and gas companies to get approval for pipelines through our nation’s most treasured areas, our national parks. It also threatens protections in the Endangered Species Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Federal Power Act by allowing the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to override conditions placed on hydropower project licenses by state and fed-eral agencies that serve to protect wildlife from the potential impacts. 
President Obama has stated that he will 
veto this legislation should it come to his desk because H.R. 8 sidesteps important environ-mental procedures and actually increases en-ergy consumption and consumer costs. Ac-cording to the American Council for an En-ergy-Efficient Economy, H.R. 8 would actually cost American citizens nearly $20 billion dol-lars through 2040. Instead of this misguided legislation, I support President Obama’s ‘‘All- of-the-Above’’ energy strategy for our country which includes a combination of fossil fuels, renewable energy, and energy efficiency. 
I am committed to advancing America’s en-
ergy policy by moving away from depending on fossil fuels and towards clean and renew-able sources of energy. For these reasons, I will vote against the backward path of H.R. 8, The North American Energy Security and In-frastructure Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE8.013 E09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1745 December 9, 2015 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 1177, 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JUDY CHU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to express my concerns with S. 1177—the Every Student Succeeds Act. I cast my vote in favor of the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act because I believe it is an improve-ment from No Child Left Behind (NCLB), our nation’s current law. However, I strongly be-lieve this legislation falls short in many areas—specifically resource equity, federal au-thority, and data disaggregation for Asian American and Pacific Islander (AAPI) stu-dents. 
While I am pleased that S. 1177 requires 
schools where students are consistently strug-gling to report on resource inequities, it does not hold states accountable for these inequi-ties. States with dramatic investment dispari-ties will be required only to identify gaps, not necessarily to close them. 
Additionally, this legislation significantly lim-
its secretarial authority by relinquishing much of the responsibility for monitoring and enforc-ing protections for vulnerable students from the federal government to the states. History shows us that strong federal oversight com-pelled states to identify and address achieve-ment gaps faced by minority and low-income students. Without this strong oversight, I am concerned that these vulnerable groups will once again fall through the cracks. 
Finally, I am very disappointed that S. 1177 
does not require that data collected and re-ported on AAPI students be disaggregated by ethnic subgroups. As the Chair of the Con-gressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC), I have worked to combat the so- called ‘‘model minority myth,’’ which leads people to believe that AAPI students are all high-achieving and successful. In reality, the AAPI population includes over 40 distinct eth-nic groups who speak over 100 different lan-guages. However, this diversity in experience and success is often masked when data is not disaggregated by AAPI subgroups. As a re-sult, many AAPI students fail to receive re-sources that would help them succeed aca-demically. 
I believe that S. 1177 is an improvement 
over the patchwork system our country is cur-rently operating under in the wake of NCLB, but it falls short on the promise to serve all of our children. I will continue to work to ensure that every child, regardless of economic back-ground, race, gender, sexual orientation, fam-ily history, or ability receives a free, high-qual-ity education that enables them to achieve the American Dream. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 1177, 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support of the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA). It has been 14 years since the 
last reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, and we have des-perately needed an update to this critical law. The 2001 No Child Left Behind Act included unworkable provisions and led to the prolifera-tion of high-stakes testing. In order to manage the impact of the law’s strict provisions, the federal government has granted waivers to 40 states, resulting in unpredictability and un-equal application of the law. The ESSA will correct our previous mistakes by maintaining high standards while giving states and local school districts greater flexibility in achieving them with evidence-based strategies. 
At its core, the Elementary and Secondary 
Education Act is a civil rights law that reflects our society’s consensus that every state and school district must provide a quality education to all children. In order to fulfill this promise, we must have sufficient information to meas-ure inequities in educational achievement for all groups, and we must ensure states and local governments are taking the steps nec-essary to close those achievement gaps. For that reason, I am very concerned that the ESSA lacks data disaggregation for Asian American and Pacific Islander (AAPI) stu-dents. The AAPI community is extremely di-verse with over 48 distinct ethnic groups that face varying challenges in educational achievement. The lack of data disaggregation will prevent us from determining what gaps exist and how best to address them. 
Additionally, I am concerned by the lack of 
key provisions from the Safe Schools Improve-ment Act and the Student Non-Discrimination Act. I have cosponsored these important pieces of legislation because more must be done to address the harmful effects of bullying and discrimination, particularly for LGBT stu-dents. No child should be denied a quality education due to his or her race, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or so-cioeconomic status. This bill takes important steps in the right direction, but the lack of AAPI data disaggregation and important LGBT protections shows there is much work to be done to achieve this goal. I look forward to working with my colleagues to address these flaws. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 1177, 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 2, 2015 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, as I’ve 
stated before, this conference report is not the bill I would have written on my own. It is a product of compromise, but a product that did not require either side to compromise on our core beliefs. A core belief of mine—and a core belief of my caucus—is that Congress deems authority to the executive branch to interpret, implement, and enforce federal law. That is the foundational tenet of administrative law. 
Although some provisions included in the 
conference report seek to limit the regulatory power of the Department of Education, nothing in this conference report will inhibit or impede the Secretary’s authority—as granted by the Constitution—to interpret, implement, and en-force compliance with the Federal law, includ-
ing the Secretary’s authority to promulgate regulations that clarify and interpret vague statutory terms. Those provisions were care-fully negotiated between the Chair and me. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act provides 
states with new flexibility to design systems that hold schools accountable for improving student outcomes, but the Federal government is ultimately responsible for protecting the civil rights of all students. To fulfill that responsi-bility, the Secretary of Education will maintain regulatory, oversight, and enforcement author-ity sufficient to fully implement this new law. 
f 
HONORING THE DAMASCUS HIGH 
SCHOOL SWARMIN’ HORNETS 
HON. JOHN K. DELANEY 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the Damascus High School Swarmin’ Hornets for capturing the 2015 Maryland Class 3A State Football Championship last week in Baltimore. The victory by Damascus capped a perfect 14–0 season and is the school’s eighth state championship. I’d like to congratulate the Swarmin’ Hornets, Coach Eric Wallich and his staff, and everyone associated with the team who made this championship season possible. 
The Swarmin’ Hornets defeated Dundalk 
55–14, a dominating victory that included a record-setting performance by running back Jake Funk, who broke the state mark for touchdowns in a championship game. The team also set the state record for the most points scored in a season. As the Washington Post headline made clear, the Swarmin’ Hor-nets left ‘‘no doubt’’ that they were the best team in the state. 
Importantly, the team reached these heights 
after facing adversity and heartbreak. Last season, the team was defeated in the cham-pionship game, but rebounded with an even stronger performance in 2015. That experi-ence—working together for months to per-severe and accomplish a goal even after a painful setback—will inform and inspire the young people who compose this team for years to come. 
The Damascus community is extremely 
proud of their team and their achievement, ex-cellence and perseverance should be perma-nently reflected in the official record of the House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF SHELDON SCHLESINGER 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the life and legacy of my dear, long-time friend Mr. Sheldon ‘‘Shelly’’ Schlesinger of Broward County, Florida, who sadly passed away on Wednesday, December 2nd at age 85. Shelly was born in Brooklyn, New York, and later moved to Florida where he attended the University of Miami and the University of Miami School of Law, and met his wife of 60 years Barbara. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09DE8.002 E09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1746 December 9, 2015 
Shelly’s passion for the law and his skills in 
the courtroom were unrivaled. He practiced for 60 years and worked on landmark cases across the nation representing individuals and consumers. Shelly was recognized in every edition of the book ‘‘The Best Lawyers in America’’ throughout his career. His other hon-ors include induction into the Trial Lawyer Hall of Fame and receipt of the Lifetime Achieve-ment Award at the Florida Verdicts Hall of Fame by the Daily Business Review. 
Shelly was not only celebrated for being one 
of the best trial attorneys in the country, but also fervently served the South Florida com-munity. He was a member of the Board of Governors of Nova Southeastern Law Center and chairman of the Board of Trustees of Broward Community College. Shelly was also one of the founders of the Broward County Trial Lawyers Association and served as the organization’s president. 
I offer my deepest condolences to Shelly’s 
family. He is survived by his two sons, Scott (m. Anne) and Gregg, as well as his six grandchildren, Charlotte, Alexander, Molly, Theodora, Samuel, and Theodore; and his brother-in-law, Larry Butler (m. Grace). 
His presence will be profoundly missed, 
however his impact in the sphere of law and public service will never be forgotten. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay my re-
spects to Sheldon Schlesinger and his family. He was a great friend to me throughout the years. His spirit, loving memory, and legacy will always live on. 
f 
HONORING ANDREW LETTERMAN 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Andrew Letterman for being awarded the American FFA Degree as a member of the National FFA Organization. An-drew is a member of the Willow Springs Chap-ter of the FFA and, with four of its other mem-bers, received this prestigious award. FFA is an intercurricular student organization for those interested in agriculture and leadership consisting of 629,367 members, aged 12–21. Andrew is among the 463 FFA members from Missouri that received the American FFA de-gree, marking the highest number of recipients from any state. 
As a past recipient of the American FFA De-
gree, I offer my highest congratulations as I understand the hard work and effort required to reach this goal. In order to obtain the Amer-ican FFA Degree, a member must begin their pursuit of the award during their freshman year of high school through participation in every level of the organization and leadership events. 
As a former member of FFA, I can proudly 
say that my experience in the organization was invaluable learning about leadership skills and public speaking. It is my pleasure to rec-ognize Andrew for receiving this prominent award before the United States House of Rep-resentatives. RECOGNIZING RICK FLYNN 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Rick Flynn, who is well known as an advocate for educators in Macomb County, Michigan. On December 10th, friends of Rick’s from throughout Michigan will gather to cele-brate his retirement from the Michigan Edu-cation Association and to pay tribute to him for his outstanding service. 
Rick’s deep involvement in the MEA and his 
policy advocacy at the local, state and national levels has been rooted in his strong conviction that all students deserve a high quality edu-cation, and that educators must have the tools and resources they need to provide students with this education. It has been said that Rick has held nearly every conceivable leadership position in the MEA, which, when one reviews his career, seems possible. He served as president of the Fraser Education Association, as a founding member and then as president of MEA–NEA Local 1, as a member of the Board of Directors and the Executive Com-mittee for the MEA, as an MEA Local 1 Exec-utive Director, and as a member of the NEA’s Board of Directors. 
Prior to representing teachers, Rick was a 
well-respected teacher himself. For 27 years he taught American Government in the Fraser Public Schools. As a lifelong advocate for building a stronger Macomb County, it was no surprise that after retiring from the classroom in 2000, Rick applied his knowledge of gov-ernment to public service of his own. In 2008, he was elected to the Charter Commission for Macomb County, which reshaped government in Michigan’s 3rd largest county. Also in 2008, he was appointed by then-Governor Jennifer Granholm to serve on the Oakland University Board of Trustees, where he continues to serve today. 
Mr. Speaker, Rick Flynn has served stu-
dents in Michigan and his fellow education professionals with total commitment and dis-tinction. I encourage my colleagues to join me in saluting him for his service, in thanking his wife Linda and his sons Andy and David for supporting him throughout his career, and in wishing him well in his retirement from the MEA. 
f 
CONGRATULATING TREVOR LOGAN 
AND TERRY LAMBERT ON THEIR SPRINGFIELD POLICE DEPART-MENT CITIZEN SERVICE HONORS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate Trevor Logan on being awarded the Springfield Police Department’s Citizen Serv-ice Medal and Terry Lambert on being award-ed the Springfield Police Department’s Citizen Service Commendation for their actions on the morning of August 2, 2015. 
On that morning both men witnessed an in-
dividual drag a woman into an alley and at-tempt to sexually assault her. Terry, believing officers were just down the street, quickly 
rushed to alert them of what he had observed. However, Terry was unable to locate any offi-cers, so he returned to the alley. Before he had returned, Trevor had verbally confronted the suspect and the suspect began to flee. While Trevor continued to assist the victim, Terry followed the suspect and helped officers locate him. 
Trevor Logan and Terry Lambert stopped a 
crime in progress and assisted officers in ap-prehending and identifying the suspect. Through their actions, both of these men ex-emplified what it means to be a responsible, upstanding citizen. This example of selfless-ness and commitment to protecting one’s community that these men have embodied is one which we should all strive for. 
Mr. Speaker, Trevor Logan and Terry Lam-
bert deserve this body’s utmost respect for he-roic actions on the morning of August 2, 2015, and I extend to both of them my deepest ap-preciation for their dedication to ensuring the safety of their community. Their efforts have not only contributed greatly to the Springfield community, but have made me proud to serve the people of Missouri’s seventh Congres-sional District. 
f 
THE RETIREMENT OF DR. 
WILLIAM E. ‘‘BRIT’’ KIRWAN 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor my friend Brit Kirwan on the occasion of his retirement as Chancellor of the University System of Maryland. 
Brit is a true Terp, beginning his career as 
an assistant professor at the University of Maryland, College Park before rising to serve as its President in 1989. For the past 12 years, he has been Chancellor of the Univer-sity System, where his passion for education and sincere desire to improve the lives and opportunity for Maryland students leaves an indelible mark on our state. He is also a re-spected national voice on higher education issues, helping to shape policy for greater ac-cessibility, affordability, and quality. 
It has been a great privilege to know and 
work with Brit over the years. His leadership has been transformative—opening the doors of higher education to underrepresented com-munities, establishing new partnerships with federal agencies, local schools, and the pri-vate sector, and ensuring that the University System of Maryland is a dynamic place of learning. I have always valued his thoughtful counsel. 
Many of us were sorry to see Brit leave 
Maryland in 1998 when he became president of Ohio State University, but we were happy to welcome him back home in 2002. Now, as Brit takes his well-deserved retirement, his legacy is felt by every student who steps on a Mary-land campus. I thank him for his many years of service, and wish him all the best. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE8.005 E09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1747 December 9, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL 
EDWARD TONINI 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to pay tribute to the 51st Adjutant General of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, Major General Edward W. Tonini, upon his re-tirement after 47 years of service. Since De-cember 11, 2007, he has admirably served as the Commanding General of both the Ken-tucky Army and Air National Guard and as Ex-ecutive Director of the Department of Military Affairs, guiding the preparation of Kentucky’s 8,500 citizen soldiers and airmen, along with the Division of Emergency Management, to re-spond in times of state and national emer-gency. 
He is responsible for Federal and State mis-
sions, assignment of leaders, recruiting, train-ing, equipping, mobilization, facilities and pub-lic relations. He also oversees the develop-ment and coordination of all policies, plans, and programs affecting Army and Air National Guard members in the Commonwealth of Ken-tucky. As a member of the Governor’s cabinet and the principle advisor to the Governor on military matters, General Tonini has been a steadfast liaison on homeland security matters and a stalwart advocate for the brave men and women who serve this great Nation. 
General Tonini received a direct commission 
in 1970 in the Kentucky Air National Guard. Prior to receiving his commission, General Tonini served as an enlisted member of the 123rd Tactical Reconnaissance Wing of the Kentucky Air National Guard. His valiant serv-ice earned the decoration of the Air Force Dis-tinguished Service Medal, Legion of Merit Mer-itorious Service Medal, Air Force Commenda-tion Medal Air Force Achievement Medal, Air Force Outstanding Unit Award, Air Force Or-ganizational Excellence Award, Air Force Re-serve Meritorious Service Medal, Air Force Recognition Ribbon, National Defense Service Medal, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, Global War on Terrorism Medal, Humanitarian Service Medal, Military Outstanding Volunteer Service Medal, Air Force Longevity Service Award, and the Kentucky Merit Ribbon. We are blessed in Kentucky to have such a leader at the helm of our military affairs. 
The list of medals, awards and accolades 
are mere reflections of the outstanding char-acter displayed by General Tonini on a daily basis. His response time is impeccable, whether through organizing deployments over-seas or responding to natural disasters in the hills of eastern Kentucky. 
His legacy project is undoubtedly the state- 
of-the-art Joint Support Operations (JSO) Counter-Drug complex located in London, Kentucky. Under his leadership, 1,433 Ken-tucky National Guard soldiers and airmen have participated in JSO counter-drug oper-ations from the facility, seizing more than 3.4 million marijuana plants with a street value ex-ceeding more than one billion dollars. They also removed nearly 35,000 pounds of illicit drugs from the streets, including cocaine, ec-stasy, heroin, methamphetamines and opium. Their work led to the arrest of more than 2,600 people, the seizure of over $73 million in property and other non-drug assets, 514 weapons, 134 vehicles and more than $14 
million. Beneath his breastplate of courage, beats a true servant’s heart for the people of Kentucky and we are grateful for his leader-ship. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Major General Edward W. Tonini on a distinguished career of service to the Commonwealth of Kentucky and the United States. My wife, Cynthia and I wish General Tonini and his wife, Carol many bliss-ful years of retirement. 
f 
BRIT KIRWAN RETIREMENT 
HON. C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with great pride that I rise to congratulate Wil-liam ‘‘Brit’’ Kirwan on the occasion of his re-tirement after 12 years as chancellor of the University System of Maryland. 
As a Terp myself, I have always taken a 
deep interest in the leadership of the univer-sity system and have come to admire Brit’s in-tegrity, professionalism and expertise. 
Not only is Brit respected academically, he 
has a great personality and he understands the importance of relationships with elected leaders. His political savvy has helped the uni-versity system become a critical economic and workforce development engine in the State of Maryland. 
Brit has become a sought-after mentor to 
other university leaders in areas including col-lege affordability—especially for minority and low-income students—as well as cost contain-ment, innovation in the classroom and diver-sity. 
I truly believe that Brit’s vision has helped 
the University System of Maryland become one of the best in the nation. 
Under his leadership, the university system 
has: become more affordable. The average tuition for undergraduate in-state students at university institutions, once the nation’s sev-enth highest, has now dropped to twenty-sixth. 
His leadership has strengthened need- 
based financial aid. 
It has reduced the student achievement gap 
and even eliminated it on some campuses. 
It has strengthened Maryland’s competitive-
ness through the research and entrepreneurial efforts of faculty, staff and students. 
It has developed the landmark ‘‘Effective-
ness and Efficiency initiative,’’ which has im-proved quality while saving more than $460 million to date and has even been cited by President Obama as a national model. 
It has made the university system a national 
leader in environmental sustainability. 
It has improved college completion rates, 
especially among low-income and minority stu-dents. 
Brit has also become known for his use of 
technology to rejuvenate traditional learning methods like the lecture hall. His efforts have increased the number of students showing up for class, eager to learn, while saving money and raising grades. 
Let’s not forget that Brit spent a quarter cen-
tury as an educator and administrator prior to becoming Chancellor. Throughout each stage of his career—math professor, administrator, university president, and chancellor—Brit has 
demonstrated a commitment to excellence and access for all. 
Brit’s expertise benefits colleges around the 
country as a member of the Board of Directors of the Council for Higher Education Accredita-tion. He chairs the College Board’s Commis-sion on Access, Admissions, and Success in Higher Education; and is a member of the Business-Higher Education Forum. 
He was also appointed by President George 
W. Bush to the Board of Advisors on Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities. In 2010, he was appointed to the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integ-rity, which advises the U.S. Secretary of Edu-cation on accreditation issues and certification processes for colleges and universities. 
Locally, Brit is a member of the Board of Di-
rectors of the Greater Baltimore Committee, the Economic Alliance of Greater Baltimore, and the Maryland Business Roundtable for Education. 
He is the well-deserved recipient of too 
many awards and accolades to list in their en-tirety, but they include the Theodore M. Hesburgh Award for Leadership Excellence, which is considered one of the nation’s top higher education honors. 
In 2009, he received the Carnegie Corpora-
tion Leadership Award, which included a $500,000 grant to fund University System of Maryland academic priorities. 
I consider him a personal friend. He is a 
true gentlemen and each of his day-to-day interactions are marked with civility and gra-ciousness. This is a rare quality in today’s world. 
He leaves big shoes to fill. I congratulate him on a spectacular career 
that has spanned more than a half-century and wish him many more years of happiness with his wife and family in his retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I was unable 
to be present for votes yesterday, due to an illness. However, if I was able to vote, I would have voted the following way: 
1) H.R. 158—Visa Waiver Program Im-
provement Act—YES. 
2) H.R. 3842—Federal Law Enforcement 
Training Centers Reform and Improvement Act—YES. 
f 
MEDIA BIAS POSES A THREAT TO 
OUR COUNTRY 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, media 
bias poses one of the greatest threats to our country. 
The liberal national media should provide 
the American people with the facts, not tell them what to think. If voters don’t have the facts, they can’t make good decisions. And if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09DE8.009 E09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1748 December 9, 2015 
they can’t make good decisions, our demo-
cratic form of government is at risk. 
Media bias exists everywhere—from the 
front pages of influential newspapers to daily network newscasts to slanted social media posts. ‘‘News’’ stories have now become opin-ion pieces. 
The liberal national media ignore events that 
would be scandals if they involved conserv-atives. Consider how little follow-up there has been of the politicizing of the IRS, the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi, the illegal im-migration amnesties, the secret terms of the Iran deal, and the videos of unborn babies’ or-gans being sold. 
In short, media bias affects almost every 
issue that Americans care about. 
f 
IN HONOR OF CHIEF PHILLIP 
MORRILL’S SERVICE TO WOLFEBORO FIRE-RESCUE DE-PARTMENT IN WOLFEBORO, NEW HAMPSHIRE 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a Granite State first responder for forty years of service to the Wolfeboro Fire-Rescue Department in Wolfeboro, New Hampshire. 
Chief Philip ‘‘Butch’’ Morrill joined the 
Wolfeboro Fire-Rescue Department in Sep-tember of 1975 as a call firefighter. Four years later on October 23, 1979 he joined the ranks of the department as a full time firefighter, committed to protecting his community and the Greater Lakes Region of New Hampshire. Firefighter Morrill was a standout member of the department and would work through the ranks of the department over the next twenty five years before being appointed Chief on May 3, 2004. In addition to his duties with the Wolfeboro Fire-Rescue Department, Chief Morrill was also an active member of the New England Association of Fire Chiefs, serving as its President in 2013–2014. 
On November 30, 2015 Chief Morrill retired 
with forty years of service to the people of Wolfeboro and the Granite State. On behalf of the people of the First Congressional District of New Hampshire, I thank him for his dedi-cated service to the community and wish him all the best in his retirement. 
f 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION 
ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 (H.R. 4127) 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, last June the 
House voted on a partisan Intelligence Author-ization, H.R. 2596. Along with 178 of my col-leagues, I voted against that authorization. Since June, negotiations among Republican and Democratic leaders of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees have taken place resulting in the improved bill before us today, H.R. 4127. 
This bipartisan compromise ensures that the 
Intelligence Community will have the funding and resources they need to keep America 
safe, maintain necessary intelligence capabili-ties, and counter a myriad of threats, including ISIL and cybersecurity. It strengthens Con-gressional oversight and provides strict author-izations and limitations on intelligence activi-ties. Along with reforms included in the bipar-tisan USA Freedom Act of 2015 which was signed into law in June of this year, H.R. 4127 makes critical steps towards ensuring our in-telligence programs are conducted responsibly and with strong accountability to maximize both security and privacy. 
As importantly, H.R. 4127 rectifies the inap-
propriate and unnecessary use of Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) funding that was included in H.R. 2596 to circumvent the Budget Control Act funding caps. This correc-tion will allow for more stable budgeting for the Intelligence Community for the remainder of the fiscal year. 
However, this bill unfortunately continues to 
contain provisions that will prevent the closure of the detention center at Guantanamo Bay. While I strongly oppose measures to prevent the closure of the detention center, the provi-sions in H.R. 4127 have already been codified into law in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Ensuring that our Intelligence Community 
has the resources, support and tools they need is critical to our national security. We must also ensure that strong privacy protec-tions are included to ensure that we safeguard our civil liberties. While not perfect, this com-promise is much improved from the bill that left this House in June and therefore earns my support. 
f 
HONORING KYLE WEIGAND 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Kyle Weigand for being award-ed the American FFA Degree as a member of the National FFA Organization. Kyle is a mem-ber of the Willow Springs Chapter of the FFA and, with four of its other members, received this prestigious award. FFA is an intercur-ricular student organization for those inter-ested in agriculture and leadership consisting of 629,367 members, aged 12–21. Kyle is among the 463 FFA members from Missouri that received the American FFA degree, mark-ing the highest number of recipients from any state. 
As a past recipient of the American FFA De-
gree, I offer my highest congratulations as I understand the hard work and effort required to reach this goal. In order to obtain the Amer-ican FFA Degree, a member must begin their pursuit of the award during their freshman year of high school through participation in every level of the organization and leadership events. 
As a former member of FFA, I can proudly 
say that my experience in the organization was invaluable learning about leadership skills and public speaking. It is my pleasure to rec-ognize Kyle Weigand for receiving this promi-nent award before the United States House of Representatives. REINTRODUCTION OF THE RE-
STORING THE PARTNERSHIP FOR COUNTY HEALTH CARE COSTS ACT OF 2015 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
introduce a bill to restore the partnership be-tween the federal government and counties for the health care costs of inmates who have not been convicted of a crime. This legislation will provide some relief to our nation’s local economies, while embodying the fundamental principles of our legal justice system. 
In almost all states, a person who is incar-
cerated in a county jail or juvenile detention facility loses their Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP or SSI benefits even if they have not been con-victed of a crime. The U.S. Supreme Court’s interpretation of the 8th Amendment requires government entities to provide medical care to all inmates. As a result, local governments are burdened with the expense of providing health care to thousands of men, women and chil-dren currently awaiting trial. 
Providing health care for inmates constitutes 
a major portion of local jail operating costs. Requiring county governments to cover health care costs for inmates who have not yet been convicted of a crime places an unnecessary burden on local governments, which have their fair share of widespread budget deficits and cuts to safety net programs and other essen-tial services. 
Terminating benefits to inmates who are 
awaiting trial violates the presumption of inno-cence, which is a cornerstone principle of our justice system. The current practice does not distinguish between persons who are awaiting disposition of charges and persons who have been duly convicted and sentenced. This dis-proportionately affects low-income and minor-ity populations who are often unable to post bond, which would enable them to continue receiving benefits. 
Mr. Speaker, my legislation addresses this 
problem by prohibiting the federal government from stripping individuals of their Medicare, Medicaid, and SSI benefits before the inmate has been convicted of a crime. It preserves the partnership between the federal and local governments and ensures that local govern-ments are not burdened with an unfair share of meeting the mandate to guarantee medical coverage. I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this commonsense bill that addresses a problem affecting communities all across the nation. 
f 
HONORING DR. WILLIAM KIRWAN 
HON. JOHN K. DELANEY 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
thank Dr. William Kirwan for his service to the people of Maryland. Earlier this year, Dr. Kirwan retired after serving as Chancellor of the University System of Maryland for 12 years. The system includes 12 universities, which run from Frostburg State in Western 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09DE8.012 E09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1749 December 9, 2015 
Maryland to Salisbury University on the East-
ern Shore. Nine of these universities have ranked among the best in their category by the US News and World Report. 
Dr. Kirwan began his career in 1964 as a 
math professor at the University of Maryland— College Park. For the next five decades—fifty one years—he dedicated himself to higher education. I believe part of why Dr. Kirwan was such an effective leader was the depth and range of his experience. Prior to leading our University System, he was a professor, he was the Chair of the Math Department, he was a provost and he was ultimately President of the University of Maryland College Park and President of Ohio State University. 
I believe Dr. Kirwan should be an example 
to us all. He was a skilled administrator who never lost sight of what education is all about—students learning in the class room. To conclude, thank you Dr. Kirwan. Thank you for your service to the people of Maryland, to the students and parents of Maryland. Your dedi-cation, insight and passion for education will be missed. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JIMMY 
TWO DOGS COPLIN 
HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of Vietnam Veteran and Native American artist, Jimmy Two Dogs Coplin, who recently passed away in his Cic-ero, Illinois home at the age of 57. 
Mr. Coplin lost his sight to diabetes but con-
tinued to create striking works of art with Na-tive American themes using ceramics, silver, feathers and arrows. 
Kiowa men and women have served in the 
armed forces since World War I and Mr. Coplin continued this honorable tradition by serving in the Army during Vietnam. 
Mr. Coplin will be remembered fondly by his 
family, friends and many of his patrons. Mr. Coplin’s dedication to his art and country will continue to live on and inspire others. 
Mr. Coplin is survived by his mother, Edith 
Rokita, sister, Vicky Whitaker, daughter, Me-lissa Rokita, son, Bubba James Rokita, and two grandchildren. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MILDRED 
HAILEY 
HON. MICHAEL E. CAPUANO 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mildred Hailey, tenant activist and community leader, who passed away on No-vember 18, 2015. 
Mrs Hailey was born in Jackson, Mississippi 
eighty-two years ago. As a child, her family moved to Boston. At the time, Boston was not as open to diversity as it is today. Mrs. Hailey’s family, being among the first African- American families in their neighborhood, suf-fered from discrimination and were treated by some of their neighbors with antipathy. Mildred approached this as a challenge to become a 
community leader. 
By the 1960s, Mrs. Hailey had taken a lead-
ership role at the Bromley-Heath housing de-velopment and, with co-founder Anna Mae Cole, incorporated the Bromley-Heath Tenant Management Corporation (TMC). The TMC was the nation’s first tenant-run public housing development. 
Initially, TMC, under Mrs. Hailey’s leader-
ship, tackled basic quality of life issues on be-half of Bromley-Heath residents: fixing broken windows, making sure basic utilities were in working order, ensuring trash pickup. Eventu-ally TMC moved on to residents’ greater needs, such as creating a day care program, developing a health center on the Bromley- Heath campus and running its own security force. Finally, Mrs. Hailey and TMC became instrumental in guiding development around Bromley-Heath, partnering to bring a super-market to the neighborhood, protesting to suc-cessfully halt a planned highway close by and lending an outspoken voice in planning the Southwest Corridor Park. Through it all, Mrs. Hailey always had time and energy to bring to-gether the members of her beloved Bromley- Heath community to work out disagreements and support one another. She was truly an in-dispensable leader. 
In closing, I salute Mildred Hailey for her 
leadership, selflessness and passion for her community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, on Tues-
day, December 8, 2015 I was not present to vote on H.R. 158 and H.R. 3842. I wish to re-flect my intentions had I been present to vote. 
Had I been present for roll call No. 679, I 
would have voted ‘‘YEA.’’ 
Had I been present for roll call No. 680, I 
would have voted ‘‘YEA.’’ 
f 
HONORING KALEB STOLBA 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Kaleb Stolba for being awarded the American FFA Degree as a member of the National FFA Organization. Kaleb is a member of the Willow Springs Chapter of the FFA and, with four of its other members, received this prestigious award. FFA is an intercurricular student organization for those interested in ag-riculture and leadership consisting of 629,367 members, aged 12–21. Kaleb is among the 463 FFA members from Missouri that received the American FFA degree, marking the high-est number of recipients from any state. 
As a past recipient of the American FFA De-
gree, I offer my highest congratulations as I understand the hard work and effort required to reach this goal. In order to obtain the Amer-ican FFA Degree, a member must begin their pursuit of the award during their freshman year of high school through participation in 
every level of the organization and leadership events. 
As a former member of FFA, I can proudly 
say that my experience in the organization was invaluable learning about leadership skills and public speaking. It is my pleasure to rec-ognize Kaleb Stolba for receiving this promi-
nent award before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
CONGRATULATING GERRY 
HYLAND ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE FAIRFAX COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-
gratulate my friend Gerry Hyland, Mount Vernon District Supervisor on the occasion of his retirement from the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors following 28 years of faithful service. 
Gerry was first elected to the Board of Su-
pervisors in 1987, serving as Chairman of the Fire Commission and co-chair of the Commu-nity Revitalization and Reinvestment Com-mittee. He also served as a member of the Budget Policy, Development Process, Environ-mental, Housing and Community Develop-ment, Human Services, Information Tech-nology, Personnel and Reorganization, and Transportation Committees. 
Yet serving on the Board of Supervisors 
was just one part of Gerry’s commitment and service to our community. Prior to being elect-ed to that position, he also served on the Board of Zoning Appeals and as both Presi-dent and Member of the Board of United Com-munity Ministries and the Fairfax Human Rights Commission. 
Gerry’s commitment to service has ex-
tended across regional boundaries. He served on the Washington Metropolitan Council of Governments, the Virginia Association of Counties, the National Association of Coun-ties, as past chairman of the Virginia Railway Express, and as a past board member of both the Washington Metropolitan Area Transpor-tation Authority and the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission. 
Gerry was also appointed by the Governor 
of Virginia to serve on several boards and commissions including the Virginia History Ini-tiative, the Commission on Population, Growth and Development, and the Local Government Advisory Committee for the Chesapeake Bay over the course of his career. 
In addition to his numerous contributions at 
the civilian level, Gerry served 30 years in the United States Air Force, 6 years active duty (4 of which were spent overseas) and 23 years in the Reserves. He retired at the rank of Colonel while serving as a White House Liai-son. 
He has received numerous awards for his 
work, including the Elizabeth and David Scull Metropolitan Public Service Award for Out-standing Leadership to the Washington Metro-politan Area from the Washington Metropolitan Council of Governments, Cooperator of the Year Award from the Northern Virginia Soil and Water Conservation District, the Dedi-cated Support Award from the Medical Care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09DE8.007 E09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1750 December 9, 2015 
for Children Partnership, and the Gold Medal 
for Lifesaving from the Grande Prix Humanitaire de France. 
These awards and accolades are testimony 
to Gerry’s quality as a leader and the deter-mination with which he approached his work. One need look no further than his own Mount Vernon district for evidence of this. Whether it was shepherding the community through the BRAC process and helping to manage the enormous growth at Fort Belvoir, to the estab-lishment of the Richmond Highway Express Bus Route, the creation of the South County Government Center, advocating for the con-struction of a new high school and middle school to serve the growing population, the preservation of Inova’s Mount Vernon facilities or the securing of affordable housing for sen-iors at Gum Springs, you could always count on Gerry Hyland being knowledgeable and fully engaged with every situation that was brought to him. Gerry truly cares about his constituents and has dedicated every minute of his time in office to improving their lives and our South County community. 
I will always remember the grace with which 
he approached his work. Even in the face of unimaginable tragedy brought by the death of his wife, he continued to put the needs of oth-ers before his own. When we served together on the Board of Supervisors, he would rou-tinely bring fresh produce from his farm on the Eastern Shore to share with us, a tradition that continues to this day. Just when you didn’t think it was possible for one man to give any more, Gerry would prove you wrong. 
Mr. Speaker, Gerry Hyland has been a fix-
ture of the community in Fairfax County for more than 35 years. While he may be officially retiring from the Board of Supervisors, I sus-pect that he will remain an active advocate for the causes that are dear to him. I ask my col-leagues to please join me in congratulating him on his retirement, in thanking him for his immeasurable dedication and commitment to our community, and in wishing him all the best for continued health and success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAJOR ADAM 
F. M CCOMBS 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and commend Major Adam F. McCombs for his exemplary dedication to duty and his service to the United States Army and to our great nation. Most recently, Adam served as an Army Congressional Fellow and Congressional Budget Liaison for the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Financial Management and Comptroller). He will be transitioning from his present assignment to serve as an Advisor in the Office of the Program Manager, Saudi Arabian National Guard, United States Army. 
A native of Fuquay-Varina, North Carolina, 
Adam was commissioned as an Armor officer after his graduation from the United States Military Academy at West Point with a Bach-elor of Science degree. He has since earned a Master’s degree in Legislative Affairs from the George Washington University. 
Adam has served in a broad range of as-
signments during his Army career. Prior to working as an Army Congressional Budget Li-
aison, Adam’s assignments included serving as Scout Platoon Leader and Troop Executive Officer in 3rd Brigade, 4th Infantry Division at Fort Carson, Colorado; Company Commander of a Warrior Transition Company at Fort Knox, Kentucky; and Assistant S3 in the 25th Infan-try Division Headquarters Battalion and Cav-alry Troop Commander in 3rd Brigade, 25th Infantry Division at Schofield Barracks, Hawaii. Adam has commanded Soldiers in combat as a Platoon Leader and Troop Commander. He deployed in direct support of combat oper-ations in Iraq in 2005–2006, and deployed to Afghanistan in 2008–2009 and again in 2011– 2012. 
The Second Congressional District of Geor-
gia gained a compassionate and knowledge-able resource in 2013 when Adam was se-lected to work in my Washington, D.C. office as an Army Congressional Fellow. In this ca-pacity, Adam handled military and veterans issues from a legislative and casework per-spective and worked closely with the staff on the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Subcommittee. 
Next, in his role as a Congressional Budget 
Liaison, he continued to collaborate with the House and Senate Appropriations Commit-tees, ensuring that the Army’s budget posi-tions were extremely well represented and ar-ticulated to the Committees. 
Major Adam McCombs’ leadership through-
out his career has positively impacted his Sol-diers, peers, and superiors. Our country has been enriched by his extraordinary leadership, thoughtful judgment, and exemplary work. 
Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to 
join me, my wife, Vivian, the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District, and all Americans, in ex-tending our sincerest appreciation to Major Adam F. McCombs for his distinguished serv-ice to our nation. In addition to gratitude for his selfless service and instrumental role in supporting operations in Iraq and Afghanistan, Major McCombs has the respect, admiration, and affection of many on Capitol Hill. We wish him and his wife, Traci, all the best as they continue their journey in the United States Army. 
f 
U.S.-GEORGIA RELATIONS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as co-chair 
of the Georgia Caucus along with Congress-man G
ERALD CONNOLLY , I would like to take a 
moment to discuss the importance of a strong U.S.-Georgia relationship. 
Our ally Georgia is a beacon of hope for de-
mocracy and capitalism in Eastern Europe. In a region full of turmoil, Georgia continuously strives to spread the ideologies of democracy and freedom to all. While there is still work to be done, Georgia has made many advances in recent years to strengthen democratic val-ues. 
Georgia has proved to be a strategic trade 
partner. U.S. trade with Georgia has increased over the past several years as Georgia con-tinues to bolster its democratic and market- economy institutions. In light of this growth, it would be a smart move to initiate negotiations 
on a U.S.-Georgia Free Trade Agreement. In 2012, President Obama announced that Geor-gia and the U.S. had agreed to a high-level dialogue to strengthen trade relations, includ-ing the possibility of a free trade agreement. Now is the time to make this idea a reality. 
Another critical reason why we must 
strengthen our ties with Georgia is because Russian aggression in the region is more threatening now than ever. In 2008, I was in Georgia and saw Russian tanks roll in to Georgia, occupying 25% of the country. Back then I knew Putin’s radical agenda would con-tinue to threaten our ally for years to come. Sadly, I have not been proven wrong. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is another example of Putin’s greedy appetite for conquest. The best deterrent we can offer Georgia is the protec-tion we have given to European countries in the past from Russian bullying: NATO mem-bership. It is time for the United States to put our full weight of support into ensuring that Georgia is given NATO membership. 
Even with the regional security threats stem-
ming from Russia, Georgia has demonstrated time and again its commitment to being a force for good in the international community. For example, Georgia has provided more troops to the effort in Afghanistan than any other non-NATO member. Georgian troops have fought and died on the battlefield along-side our own American troops. We must rec-ognize and reward their bravery and sacrifice. Georgia’s ascension to NATO must be a pri-ority for next summer’s NATO conference. 
Mr. Speaker, we all should recognize the 
importance of strengthening our relationship with Georgia. It is in our national security inter-ests to support this ally, and it is our duty to ensure we foster a healthy, mutually beneficial partnership. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
MEDIA IGNORE ADMINISTRATION 
SCANDALS 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the na-
tional liberal media repeatedly comment that the current administration is ‘‘scandal free.’’ But that’s because they ignore scandals in-volving Democrats. 
For example, Hillary Clinton claims that ev-
eryone knew she used a private email server as Secretary of State. Yet, White House offi-cials stated they were unaware of the server. The media has yet to pursue what was known or why the use of this server was allowed. 
The national media also has failed to un-
cover who gave the orders for the IRS to tar-get conservatives or if White House officials helped cover up the incident. 
And when an American is murdered by an 
illegal immigrant, the press never connects the loss of life to the president’s refusal to enforce our immigration laws. 
The only people who believe the administra-
tion is ‘‘scandal free’’ are its allies in the na-tional liberal media. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09DE8.014 E09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1751 December 9, 2015 
RECOGNIZING BANDERA ELECTRIC 
COOPERATIVE EMPLOYEES 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I 
want to recognize three power linemen from the Bandera Electric Cooperative: Jay Rasberry, John Hernandez and Garrett Clark. These linemen volunteered for the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association (NRECA) International Foundation and spent three weeks in northern Haiti building and up-grading power lines. These efforts have helped communities in Haiti receive affordable, safe and reliable energy. 
These three power linemen worked side by 
side with NRECA International on the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) funded Pilot Project for Sustainable Electricity Distribution. This project commer-cializes power from the Caracol Industrial Park generation station that is currently serving 8,000 consumers in Caracol and surrounding communities with electricity 24 hours a day. When the project is complete, a total of 10,000 consumers will have access to elec-tricity. 
Less than 15% of the people in Haiti have 
access to electricity. The service and sacrifice of these linemen will impact the lives of thou-sands of Haitians resulting in improvements in healthcare, education, and economic oppor-tunity. 
In appreciation of all they have done, Mr. 
Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking them for their humanitarian efforts. 
f 
HONORING STEPHEN COOK 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Stephen Cook for being award-ed the American FFA Degree as a member of the National FFA Organization. Stephen is a member of the Willow Springs Chapter of the FFA and, with four of its other members, re-ceived this prestigious award. He is also cur-rently on active duty with the U.S. Marine Corps, making this accomplishment even more impressive. FFA is an intercurricular stu-dent organization for those interested in agri-culture and leadership consisting of 629,367 members, aged 12–21. Stephen is among the 463 FFA members from Missouri that received the American FFA degree, marking the high-est number of recipients from any state. 
As a past recipient of the American FFA De-
gree, I offer my highest congratulations as I understand the hard work and effort required to reach this goal. In order to obtain the Amer-ican FFA Degree, a member must begin their pursuit of the award during their freshman year of high school through participation in every level of the organization and leadership events. 
As a former member of FFA, I can proudly 
say that my experience in the organization was invaluable learning about leadership skills and public speaking. It is my pleasure to rec-ognize Stephen Cook for receiving this promi-
nent award and thank him for his service to our county before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE 21ST 
CENTURY POWER GRID ACT 
HON. JOHN P. SARBANES 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to introduce the 21st Century Power Grid Act. The bill would finance public-private partner-ships to carry out innovative projects related to the modernization of the electric grid. 
Unfortunately, today the U.S. electric grid is 
still operating in the 20th Century. We must act now to improve grid reliability, flexibility, ef-ficiency and security. There are literally a limit-less number of ways in which the federal gov-ernment can play a part to help modernize the electric grid. What we cannot afford is the sta-tus quo. 
Whether it’s the application of digital tech-
nologies, advanced communications and con-trol, distributed energy resources, resilience, cybersecurity, or providing customers with more choice in energy source, usage and rates; it’s a completely new world for how we can generate, distribute and consume elec-tricity. 
The federal government—in partnership with 
state and local governments, the private sec-tor and ratepayers—must play a role in devel-oping a strategy for the modernization of the electric grid and be an investor in the re-search, development and deployment of new advanced technologies. 
The 21st Century Power Grid Act would di-
rect the Department of Energy to provide as-sistance, in the form of grants or cooperative agreements, to help advance the future grid. In order to be eligible to receive this assist-ance, utilities can partner with entities such as national labs, universities, or state and local governments to develop or demonstrate new grid technologies or energy management tech-niques. 
Most have heard the term ‘‘smart grid,’’ but 
I’m not sure many appreciate how truly revolu-tionary it could be if we were to achieve a smarter grid. ‘‘Imagine a city in the middle of a deep freeze. The local power grid is strug-gling to keep up with everyone’s heaters. What if the grid could automatically commu-nicate with buildings in the area and negotiate reduced power consumption in exchange for a financial incentive? A large hotel that’s only half-full due to the weather could dial back its thermostats, saving money on their bill and enabling the grid to divert that energy to homes and schools.’’ 
This scenario was taken directly from the 
website of one of our national labs, the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory. PNNL and their partners recently completed a two year project that successfully demonstrated that this sort of communication and cooperative energy usage is possible. 
In your own home, imagine if you could 
throw dishes in the dishwasher or clothes in the dryer and then set the device to automati-cally start when you can pay the optimal rate for electricity. This is a win, win. Consumers pay less, and utilities can more efficiently 
manage peak loads. 
And the scenarios I’ve described don’t even 
begin to scratch the surface of the potential for better integration of distributed energy sources like solar, wind and geothermal; energy stor-age capabilities; or other advances that only become conceivable when you do the type of basic research this country has always sup-ported and excelled in. 
To not provide the Department of Energy 
with resources to invest in smart grid research and development would be akin to preventing the National Institutes of Health from doing medical cures research. The electric grid is an indispensable element of modern society and is critical to our national security, economy and the general well-being of the citizenry. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 21st 
Century Power Grid Act. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,789,199,596,566.93. We’ve 
added $8,162,322,547,653.85 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
CLASS 1A—ARCOLA HIGH SCHOOL 
FOOTBALL TEAM STATE CHAM-PIONS 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge the Purple Raiders of Arcola Jr. High School as the IHSA Class 1A high school state champions. 
On November 27, 2015 Arcola defeated 
Stark County by 35–17 winning the Class 1A State Championship. I would like to recognize the effort of this amazing team and congratu-late them on their historic season as they cel-ebrate their first state championship title in 27 years. 
I would also like to congratulate the Strader 
family. Brothers Clayton and Connor and their cousin Chase for contributing to six touch-downs and several tackles. Tommy Eddleman, Jim Fishel, Aldo Garcia, Chad Hopkins, Jarod Kiger, and John Lidy make up the coaching staff which supported Athletic Director and Head Coach, Zach Zehr to provide great lead-ership for these talented football players. 
I look forward to the continued success of 
the Arcola Jr. High School. I extend my best wishes for another outstanding season next year. 
The following are Arcola Purple Raider Var-
sity Football players: Conner Strader, Clayton Strader, Parker Ingram, Kollin Seaman, Martin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09DE8.023 E09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1752 December 9, 2015 
Rund, Daniel Mendoza, Victor Gonzalez, 
Myles Roberts, Blake Lindenmeyer, Seth Still, Chase Strader, Mario Cortez, Sam Crane, Alec Downs, Tony Salinas, Wyatt Fishel, Giovanni Salinas, Brandon Lebeter, Cole Hut-ton, Rey Garza, Ethan Still, Mason Gentry, Javi Leal, Pablo Rodriguez, Kaleb Byard, Jonny Garza, Dalton Pantier, Gavin Coombe, Luke Spencer, Tito Garcia, Clayton Kuhring, Jack Spencer, Alex Kauffman, Aaron Dudley, Grant McPherson, Jorge Garza, and Jack Nacke. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RICHARD 
SHICKLE’S RETIREMENT 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-
ored to recognize Richard Shickle, an extraor-dinarily gifted leader from the northern Shen-andoah Valley, on his retirement. 
Very proud of his roots in Frederick County, 
Richard Shickle has applied the values with which he was raised and the education he re-ceived at James Wood High School and Vir-ginia Tech to have an extraordinary influence on the place he has always called home. Armed with a bachelor’s degree in Public Ad-ministration and a professional designation as a Certified Public Accountant, Richard Shickle has spent decades as a strong and visionary leader of two of the most important institutions in the Shenandoah Valley, the Government of Frederick County and Shenandoah University. 
Richard Shickle is the longest serving Chair-
man At-Large of a county board of supervisors in the Commonwealth of Virginia. For twenty years, he has served the citizens of Frederick County, four as Supervisor for the Gainesboro District, and sixteen as Chairman of the Fred-erick County Board of Supervisors. 
Under Chairman Shickle’s conservative 
leadership, Frederick County has experienced great economic growth that has included busi-ness relocations and expansions by H.P. Hood, Kraft Foods, Fisher Scientific, McKesson, O.N. Minerals and Navy Federal Credit Union. 
The county’s low taxes have fostered the 
growth of many small businesses while still providing for important capital improvement projects, including the Bowman Library, the Frederick County Public Safety Building, sev-eral schools including Millbrook High School, and the Frederick County Transportation Cen-ter. 
And Chairman Shickle’s penchant for careful 
planning has resulted in the Rural Areas Rec-ommendation and Report, as well as the es-tablishment of the Frederick County Economic Development Authority, which has proven to be an important economic development tool for the county. 
As though the responsibilities of being 
Chairman of the Frederick County Board of Supervisors had not been sufficiently chal-lenging, until recently, Richard Shickle also served, for 32 years, as Vice President for Ad-ministration and Finance of Shenandoah Uni-versity during a period of rapid growth. In that capacity, he oversaw the offices of the univer-sity that are responsible for its administrative, financial, budgetary, and physical plant func-tions; and coordinated its student employment, 
legal services and insurance programs. 
In retirement, Richard will continue to serve 
on boards and commissions, generously offer-ing his knowledge and wisdom to the many valley leaders who will be seeking his counsel. He and his wife, Louise Marie Grube Shickle, are also looking forward to spending more time with their four children, Denise, Lisa, Richard, Jr. and Martha, as well as their eight grandchildren. 
As the member of the House of Representa-
tives from Virginia’s 10th Congressional Dis-trict, I know that I echo the sentiments of the people of the northern Shenandoah Valley in expressing deep gratitude for the strong lead-ership and dedicated service of ‘‘favorite son’’, Richard C. Shickle, Sr., who has left such a positive and lasting mark on our valley com-munity. 
I also know I’m joined by thousands of oth-
ers whose lives he has touched, in wishing him and Louise many interesting and satis-fying years of retirement to come. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF AFFIRMATIVE 
ACTION AND CAMPUS DIVERSITY 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this 
morning I was at the Supreme Court observ-ing the oral arguments in the case of Fisher v. University of Texas at Austin, No. 14–981. 
The issue to be decided in the Fisher case 
is whether the undergraduate admissions pol-icy of the University of Texas at Austin com-plies with the principles established by the Su-preme Court in Grutter v. Bollinger , 539 U.S. 
306 (2003). 
In Grutter, the Court held that ‘‘obtaining the 
educational benefits of ‘student body diversity is a compelling state interest that can justify the use of race in university admissions.’ ’’ 539 U.S. at 325. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be a representa-
tive from a state that has played a pivotal role in the Supreme Court’s educational equity ju-risprudence, beginning with the landmark case of Sweatt v. Painter , 339 U.S. 629 (1950), 
won by Thurgood Marshall and which held that segregated law schools violated the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amend-ment and laid the foundation for the landmark decision in Brown v. Board of Education , 347 
U.S. 483 (1954). 
Mr. Speaker, I would urge the Supreme 
Court to uphold the admissions policy of the University of Texas at Austin because affirma-tive action is needed to ensure the diversity on college campuses that will yield diversity in the ranks of America’s future leaders. 
In a globalized and increasingly inter-
connected world, the nation that succeeds is the one best positioned to adapt to a world of differences—cultural, religious, economic, so-cial, racial, and political. 
The key to success in a diverse global 
economy is learning to adapt and thrive in di-verse communities where the next generation and its leader are educated and trained. 
And that is why it is critical that the Court 
uphold the principle it established in Grutter v. Bollinger in 2002 that diversity in higher edu-cation is such a compelling governmental in-
terest that race-conscious admission policies are permissible if other alternatives are found to be inadequate. 
This is the situation presented by the facts 
in Fisher v. University of Texas at Austin, which was reargued before the Court today. 
Although the University of Texas’s consider-
ation of race is very narrow—just one of many factors in the admissions process—its impact has been significant in advancing educational benefits flowing from a diverse student body. 
From 1997 to 2004, affirmative action in ad-
missions at the University of Texas was barred by the infamous Fifth Circuit decision in Hopwood v. Texas , 78 F.3d 932 (5th. Cir. 
1996). 
As a result of the University of Texas’s in-
ability to consider a qualified applicant’s race in the admissions process, between 1997 and 2004 African-American students never com-prised more than 4.5% of the entering class— far below the 13% of Texas high school grad-uates who are African Americans. 
Worse yet, for the students attending the 
University of Texas, during that period, 4 out of every 5 of classes (79%) at the University had zero, or only one, African-American stu-dent. 
Mr. Speaker, this is not the way to produce 
a generation of leaders for the 21st century. 
With the Supreme Court decision in Grutter, 
the University of Texas could add race to other criteria considered in its individualized admissions policy. 
And behold the results—28% of African 
Americans enrolled at the University were ad-mitted at this stage of admissions process, a stark contrast to the 4.5% of the student body represented by African Americans in the pre-ceding 7 years. 
Mr. Speaker, affirmative action works; it is 
the right thing to do for our country. 
Fostering educational diversity and greater 
opportunity is critical to our nation’s future in a global economy and an increasingly inter-connected world. 
That is why diversity is supported by a 
broad cross-section of American society, in-cluding military leaders, major corporations, small business owners, educators, and stu-dents from all backgrounds. 
An America that celebrates diversity in high-
er education will! produce the leaders, inven-tors, entrepreneurs, diplomats, public servants, and teachers that will serve our nation well in the global economy of the 21st century. 
And of the most important things that can 
be done to ensure this bright future is for the Supreme Court to affirm the judgment of the 5th Circuit and uphold the admissions policy of the University of Texas. 
f 
A MAJORITY OF IMMIGRANT 
HOUSEHOLDS RELY ON WELFARE 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a recent 
report found that more than half of immigrant households (both legal and illegal) in the United States receive welfare benefits—com-pared to only 30% of native households. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09DE8.027 E09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1753 December 9, 2015 
The report by the Center for Immigration 
Studies (CIS) determined that welfare use in-creased significantly for households with chil-dren. 
Almost half of immigrant households who 
have been in the country for more than 20 years still rely on welfare. This contradicts the commonly held notion that long-time immi-grants don’t consume government benefits. 
Our immigration and welfare programs 
should not subsidize other nations’ low-skilled workers who compete with struggling Amer-ican families for scarce jobs. 
The CIS report reminds us how much work 
remains before we have an immigration sys-tem that puts the interests of Americans first. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR H.R. 1283 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, as co-chair 
of the Congressional Arts Caucus, I rise today in support of H.R. 1283, the Songwriter Equity Act. In today’s evolving entertainment environ-ment, songwriters sometimes don’t get the credit or the pay they deserve—and it’s time to change that. 
H.R. 1283 will ensure that these artists re-
ceive fair pay every time someone listens to their song—whether from satellite radio or dig-ital music services and downloads. 
Congress established royalty rates of just 
two cents per copy in 1909, when Irving Berlin was beginning his career. Now, over 100 years later, the royalty rate has increased only to just over nine cents per copy. It’s time to give songwriters the pay they deserve in to-day’s dollars and cents. 
Thank you to my colleagues Rep. D
OUG 
COLLINS and Rep. H AKEEM JEFFRIES for their 
strong support of the arts here in Congress— I’m proud to support them, the arts, and this bill. 
f 
HONORING CHRIS CORMAN 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Chris Corman for being award-ed the American FFA Degree as a member of the National FFA Organization. Chris is a member of the Willow Springs Chapter of the FFA and, with four of its other members, re-ceived this prestigious award. FFA is an inter-curricular student organization for those inter-ested in agriculture and leadership consisting of 629,367 members, aged 12–21. Chris is among the 463 FFA members from Missouri that received the American FFA degree, mark-ing the highest number of recipients from any state. 
As a past recipient of the American FFA De-
gree, I offer my highest congratulations as I understand the hard work and effort required to reach this goal. In order to obtain the Amer-ican FFA Degree, a member must begin their pursuit of the award during their freshman year of high school through participation in every level of the organization and leadership 
events. 
As a former member of FFA, I can proudly 
say that my experience in the organization was invaluable learning about leadership skills and public speaking. It is my pleasure to rec-ognize Chris Corman for receiving this promi-nent award before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AISHA KARIMAH 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask my colleagues in the House of Represent-atives to join me in recognizing Aisha Karimah, who is retiring from NBC4 Wash-ington after 46 years of outstanding service to the District of Columbia and the national cap-ital region. 
Residents have seen Aisha at many of our 
charitable events in the city and region, but far more often, they have seen only her good works in many community campaigns. We could not count the people or the dollars Aisha’s efforts have helped bring to our most successful community campaigns, among them: Beautiful Babies Right from the Start, Drug Free Zones, It Takes a Whole Village, Make the Right Call, Camp 4 Kids, Get Healthy 4 Life, Backpacks 4 Kids, Food 4 Families, and the NBC4 Health & Fitness Expo. In addition, Aisha produces two weekly news programs: Reporters Notebook and Viewpoint. A veteran television producer, Aisha also has generously lent her gifts to Howard University Television, including the Urban Health Report, Washington’s Leaders and the Randall Robinson Program. Ms. Karimah is a particularly positive and dedi-cated role model for African Americans and for women entering journalism, and serves as a mentor to hundreds of young people. Aisha herself is a graduate of Howard University and Wesley Theological Seminary. She has been an extraordinary friend and guidepost to the District and to me ever since I have been a Member of Congress. 
While Aisha has been engaged in a suc-
cessful career in television and journalism, she also has been a devoted mother of two sons: Donnell, a graduate of American and George Washington universities, and Jay, a Howard University graduate. 
Aisha Karimah’s success, of course, has 
come from her tireless efforts, her love for her community and her drive to excel in her pro-fession. However, Aisha gives all the credit to God. Aisha, a native Washingtonian who grew up on welfare in the District’s Lincoln Heights public housing complex and started work at the age of 10, says her faith has helped her to rise to the top of her profession and serve her hometown at the same time. Aisha kept going at NBC4 despite illness. Now, after 46 years, often behind the scenes, bringing countless campaigns to our city and region, the time has come for Aisha herself to take a much deserved bow. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in thanking and congratulating Aisha Karimah for excellence well beyond the call of duty for NBC4 Washington, the District of Columbia, and the national capital region for 46 remark-
able years. 
f 
HUMANITARIAN AID TO THE 
PEOPLE OF UKRAINE 
HON. ANDY HARRIS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-
mind my colleagues of the humanitarian crisis that continues to unfold in Eastern Ukraine. While the media, and the world, focuses on the Syrian migrant crisis, winter is fast ap-proaching for the millions affected by the con-flict in Ukraine. As we speak, there are over 1.5 million people internally displaced, 1.1 mil-lion externally displaced, and more than 5 mil-lion people in need of humanitarian aid. Thou-sands have died in the fighting, and thousands more lie injured. Homes and schools are being destroyed, and the movement of goods and people is severely restricted. As temperatures edge toward zero, we must remember why Ukrainians find themselves in need. They are in need because of their rejection of Russian authoritarianism and of Vladimir Putin’s ag-gressive expansionism. They are in need be-cause they are fighting to defend their free-dom and their democracy. We, the United States, as a beacon of liberty and democratic government, must demonstrate our solidarity with our Ukrainian brethren and our unwaver-ing belief in the ideals for which they fight. We must provide food, we must provide shelter, we must provide blankets. We, as Americans, must provide support to those willing to stand up to Russia in defense of freedom and de-mocracy. I call on my colleagues to join me in urging President Obama to increase humani-tarian aid to the people of Ukraine. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, De-
cember 10, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09DE8.030 E09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1754 December 9, 2015 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
DECEMBER 11 
2 p.m. 
Commission on Security and Cooperation 
in Europe 
To receive a briefing on human rights 
violations in Russian-occupied Crimea. 
RHOB–B318 DECEMBER 15 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine transition 
assistance. 
SR–418 JANUARY 20 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
Task Force for Business and Stability Operations projects in Afghanistan. 
SR–232A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M09DE8.000 E09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1297 Wednesday, December 9, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the conference report to accompany S. 1177, Every Stu-
dent Succeeds Act 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S8507–S8562 
Measures Introduced: Seven bills and one resolu-
tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2376–2382, and S. Res. 332.
                                                          Pages S8546–47 
Measures Reported: 
S. 571, to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to fa-
cilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to re-quire the revision of the third class medical certifi-cation regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                  Page S8546 
Measures Passed: 
Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthor-
ization Act: Senate passed H.R. 2820, to reauthorize 
the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S8560 
20th Anniversary of the American Visionary 
Art Museum: Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 317, commemorating the 20th anniversary of the opening of the American Vi-sionary Art Museum, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                               Pages S8560–61 
Conference Reports: 
Every Student Succeeds Act: By 85 yeas to 12 
nays (Vote No. 334), Senate agreed to the conference report to accompany S. 1177, to reauthorize the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves.
                Pages S8509–13 
Restrepo Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent-time agreement was reached providing that at 5 p.m., on Monday, January 11, 2016, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Third Circuit; that there be 30 
minutes for debate on the nomination, equally di-vided in the usual form; that upon the use or yield-ing back of time, Senate vote, without intervening action or debate, on confirmation of the nomination; and that no further motions be in order.
      Page S8561 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Catherine Ebert-Gray, of Virginia, to be Ambas-
sador to the Independent State of Papua New Guin-ea, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Solomon Islands and Ambassador to the Republic of Vanuatu. 
G. Kathleen Hill, of Colorado, to be Ambassador 
to the Republic of Malta. 
John D. Feeley, of the District of Columbia, to be 
Ambassador to the Republic of Panama. 
Eric Seth Rubin, of New York, to be Ambassador 
to the Republic of Bulgaria. 
Kyle R. Scott, of Arizona, to be Ambassador to 
the Republic of Serbia. 
Todd C. Chapman, of Texas, to be Ambassador to 
the Republic of Ecuador. 
Jean Elizabeth Manes, of Florida, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of El Salvador. 
Linda Swartz Taglialatela, of New York, to be 
Ambassador to Barbados, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Federation of St. Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Antigua and Barbuda, the Commonwealth of Domi-nica, Grenada, and Saint Vincent and the Grena-dines.
                                                    Pages S8559–60, S8561–62 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S8542 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S8542 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S8542 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S8542 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S8542–46 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S8546 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE5.REC D09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1298 December 9, 2015 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S8547–48 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S8548 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S8542–59 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S8559 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S8559 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—334)                                                                 Page S8513 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 5:54 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, December 10, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S8561.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
U.S. STRATEGY TO COUNTER ISIL 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the United States strategy to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and United States policy toward Iraq and Syria, after re-ceiving testimony from Ash Carter, Secretary, and General Paul J. Selva, USAF, Vice Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, both of the Department of Defense. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the nominations of Marcel John Lettre, II, of Maryland, to be Under Secretary of De-fense for Intelligence, Gabriel Camarillo, of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, and Vice Admiral Kurt W. Tidd, to be Admiral, all of the Department of Defense, and John E. Sparks, of Vir-ginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
A REGULATORY BUDGET 
Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded a hear-
ing to examine moving to a stronger economy with a regulatory budget, after receiving testimony from John D. Graham, Indiana University School of Pub-lic and Environmental Affairs, Bloomington; Jerry Ellig, George Mason University Mercatus Center, Arlington, Virginia; and Robert R.M. Verchick, Loyola University New Orleans, New Orleans, Lou-isiana. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 571, to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to fa-
cilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to re-quire the revision of the third class medical certifi-cation regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 2276, to amend title 49, United States Code, 
to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 2361, to enhance airport security, with an 
amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
H.R. 2843, to require certain improvements in 
the Transportation Security Administration’s PreCheck expedited screening program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1886, to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and 
Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1935, to require the Secretary of Commerce to 
undertake certain activities to support waterfront community revitalization and resiliency, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 2058, to require the Secretary of Commerce to 
maintain and operate at least one Doppler weather radar site within 55 miles of each city in the United States that has a population of more than 700,000 individuals, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 2319, to amend the Communications Act of 
1934; and 
The nomination of Jessica Rosenworcel, of the 
District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2015 (Reappointment), and routine lists in the Coast Guard. 
UN PEACEKEEPING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine United Nations peacekeeping and opportunities for reform, after receiving testi-mony from Samantha Power, Permanent Representa-tive to the United Nations, Mission to the United Nations, Department of State; and John D. Negroponte, former Permanent Representative to the United Nations, McLarty Associates, and Bruce Jones, Brookings Institution, both of Washington, D.C. 
POLITICAL AND SECURITY CRISIS IN 
BURUNDI 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Afri-
ca and Global Health Policy concluded a hearing to examine the political and security crisis in Burundi, after receiving testimony from Linda Thomas-Green-field, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of African Affairs, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE5.REC D09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1299 December 9, 2015 
Department of State; Joseph Siegle, Director of Re-
search, National Defense University, Africa Center for Strategic Studies, Department of Defense; Thierry Vircoulon, International Crisis Group, Nairobi, Kenya; and Sixte Vigny Nimuraba, George Mason University School for Conflict Analysis and Resolu-tion, Arlington, Virginia. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the fol-
lowing business items: 
S. 2127, to provide appropriate protections to pro-
bationary Federal employees, to provide the Special Counsel with adequate access to information, to pro-vide greater awareness of Federal whistleblower pro-tections, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; 
S. 2375, to decrease the deficit by consolidating 
and selling excess Federal tangible property, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1915, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Se-
curity to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response providers, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1492, to direct the Administrator of General 
Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchor-
age, Alaska, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and 
H.R. 1557, to amend the Notification and Federal 
Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strengthen Federal antidiscrimination laws enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and expand accountability within the Federal government, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. 
FBI OVERSIGHT 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine the Federal Bureau of Investigation, after receiving testimony from James B. Comey, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Department of Justice. NOMINATIONS 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the nominations of Susan Para-dise Baxter, Robert John Colville, and Marilyn Jean Horan, each to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, and John Mil-ton Younge, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, who were intro-duced by Senators Casey and Toomey, and Mary S. McElroy, to be United States District Judge for the District of Rhode Island, who was introduced by Senators Reed and Whitehouse, all of the Depart-ment of Justice, after the nominees testified and an-swered questions in their own behalf. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Darryl L. DePriest, of Illinois, to be Chief Counsel for Advocacy, Small Business Administration. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported the following business items: 
S. 290, to amend title 38, United States Code, to 
improve the accountability of employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment; and 
S. 425, to amend title 38, United States Code, to 
provide for a five-year extension to the homeless vet-erans reintegration programs and to provide clarifica-tion regarding eligibility for services under such pro-grams, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. 
PRICE SPIKES IN OFF-PATENT DRUGS 
Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine sudden price spikes in off-patent drugs, focusing on perspectives from the front lines, after receiving testimony from Gerard Anderson, Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Pub-lic Health, Baltimore, Maryland; Erin R. Fox, Uni-versity of Utah Health Care, Salt Lake City; David Kimberlin, University of Alabama at Birmingham Department of Pediatrics, Birmingham; and Mark Merritt, Pharmaceutical Care Management Associa-tion, Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE5.REC D09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1300 December 9, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 14 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 4194–4207; and 2 resolutions, H.J. Res. 75; and H. Res. 559 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H9204–05 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H9206–07 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
Conference report on H.R. 644, to amend the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for contribu-tions of food inventory (H. Rept. 114–376). 
                                                                                            Page H9204 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Fleischmann to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H9083 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:48 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H9088 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by voice vote.                 Pages H9088, H9186 
Red River Private Property Protection Act: The 
House passed H.R. 2130, to provide legal certainty to property owners along the Red River in Texas, by a yea-and-nay vote of 253 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 686.
                                      Pages H9092–H9104. H9173–86 
Agreed to table the appeal of the ruling of the 
chair on a point of order sustained against the Thompson (CA) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Natural Resources with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 246 yeas to 182 nays, Roll No. 685.
                                Pages H9182–85 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Natural Resources now printed in the bill shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule. 
                                                                            Pages H9093, H9177 
Agreed to: Bishop (UT) amendment (No. 1 printed in H. 
Rept. 114–375) that ensures that nothing in the bill would create or reinstate a tribal reservation or any portion of a tribal reservation; ensures that nothing in the bill will alter the valid rights of the Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Nations to the mineral inter-est trust fund created pursuant to the Act of June 12, 1926; allows for the affected federally recognized Indian tribes to be a part of the survey process; and allows for further judicial review after the adminis-trative appeals process for landowners; and 
                                                                                            Page H9179 Cole amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 
114–375) that ensures the bill preserves past and current surface and mineral rights for affected Indian tribes (by a recorded vote of 246 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 684).
                                                    Pages H9179–82 
H. Res. 556, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 2130) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 683, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 178 nays, Roll No. 682. 
                                                                             Pages H9095–H9104 
A point of order was raised against the consider-
ation of H. Res. 556 and it was agreed to proceed with consideration of the resolution by a yea-and-nay vote of 241 yeas to 174 nays, Roll No. 681. 
                                                                                    Pages H9092–95 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H9092. 
Senate Referral: S. 1719 was referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and the Workforce.
      Page H9204 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and 
two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9094-95, H9103-04, H9104, H9181, H9184-85, H9185-86. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 8:31 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
COMMODITY IN FOCUS: STRESS IN COTTON COUNTRY 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on General 
Farm Commodities and Risk Management held a hearing entitled ‘‘Commodity in Focus: Stress in Cotton Country’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
OVERSIGHT OF USDA’S USE OF CENSUS OF 
AGRICULTURE AUTHORITY TO ACQUIRE FARMERS’ PERSONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Bio-
technology, Horticulture, and Research held a hear-ing on oversight of USDA’s use of Census of Agri-culture authority to acquire farmers’ personal finan-cial information. Testimony was heard from Joseph T. Reilly, Administrator, National Agriculture Sta-tistics Service, Department of Agriculture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE5.REC D09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1301 December 9, 2015 
CONCURRENT RECEIPT OF SURVIVOR 
BENEFIT PLAN AND DEPENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSATION 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Concurrent Receipt of Survivor Benefit Plan (SBP) and Depend-ency and Indemnity Compensation (DIC)’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
GAME CHANGING INNOVATIONS AND 
THE FUTURE OF SURFACE WARFARE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
Seapower and Projection Forces held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Game Changing Innovations and the Future of Surface Warfare’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
HOW THE ADMINISTRATION’S 
REGULATORY ONSLAUGHT IS AFFECTING WORKERS AND JOB CREATORS 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Workforce Protections held a hearing entitled ‘‘How the Administration’s Regulatory On-slaught is Affecting Workers and Job Creators’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. 
EXAMINING LEGISLATION TO IMPROVE 
HEALTH CARE AND TREATMENT 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Legisla-tion to Improve Health Care and Treatment’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee con-
cluded a markup on H.R. 2187, the ‘‘Fair Invest-ment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act’’; H.R. 2205, the ‘‘Data Security Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2287, the ‘‘National Credit Union Administration Budget Transparency Act’’; H.R. 3700, the ‘‘Hous-ing Opportunity Through Modernization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3784, the ‘‘SEC Small Business Advo-cate Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3791, to raise the consoli-dated assets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement, and for other purposes; H.R. 4168, the ‘‘Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act’’; and Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing Resolution of 2016. The Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing Resolution of 2016 passed. The following bills were ordered re-ported, as amended: H.R. 3700, H.R. 2205, H.R. 2187, and H.R. 3784. The following bills were or-dered reported, without amendment: H.R. 3791, H.R. 2287, and H.R. 4168. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 1654, to authorize the direct provi-sion of defense articles, defense services, and related training to the Kurdistan Regional Government, and for other purposes; H.R. 3654, the ‘‘Combat Ter-rorist Use of Social Media Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 4154, the ‘‘Taiwan Naval Support Act’’, H. Res. 346, condemning the use of toxic chemicals as weap-ons in the Syrian Arab Republic; and H. Res. 536, supporting freedom of the press in Latin America and the Caribbean and condemning violations of press freedom and violence against journalists, bloggers, and individuals exercising their right to freedom of speech. The following legislation was or-dered reported, as amended: H.R. 1654, H.R. 3654, H. Res. 346, and H. Res. 536. H.R. 4154 was or-dered reported, without amendment. 
YEAR IN REVIEW: U.S. POLICY TOWARD A 
CHANGING WESTERN HEMISPHERE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘Year in Review: U.S. Policy Toward a Changing Western Hemisphere’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
FULFILLING THE HUMANITARIAN 
IMPERATIVE: ASSISTING VICTIMS OF ISIS VIOLENCE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ful-filling the Humanitarian Imperative: Assisting Vic-tims of ISIS Violence’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
OVERSIGHT OF THE UNITED STATES 
CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES 
Committee on The Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-
gration and Border Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the United States Citizenship and Im-migration Services’’. Testimony was heard from Leon Rodriguez, Director, U.S. Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services. 
THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR’S 
ROLE IN THE EPA’S ANIMAS SPILL 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘The Department of the Interior’s Role in the EPA’s Animas Spill’’. Testimony was heard from Sally Jewell, Secretary, Department of the Interior. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE5.REC D09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1302 December 9, 2015 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-
eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 1838, the ‘‘Clear Creek National Recreation Area and Conservation Act’’; and H.R. 3668, the ‘‘California Minerals, Off- Road Recreation, and Conservation Act’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Farr; and Cook; Kristin Bail, Assistant Director, National Landscape Conservation System and Community Partnerships, Bureau of Land Management, Department of Inte-rior; Robert Lovingood, Supervisor, District 1, San Bernardino County, California; and Jerry Muenzer, Supervisor, District 4, San Benito County, California. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a markup on a committee report entitled ‘‘United States Secret Service: An Agency in Crisis’’; H.R. 4180, to improve Federal agency finan-cial and administrative controls and procedures to as-sess and mitigate fraud risks, and to improve Federal agencies’ development and use of data analytics for the purpose of identifying, preventing, and respond-ing to fraud, including improper payments; S. 1698, the ‘‘Treatment of Certain Payments in Eugenics Compensation Act’’; H.R. 1132, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building’’; H.R. 2458, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boulevard in Marrero, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Lio-nel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Building’’; H.R. 3735, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office’’; and H.R. 4046, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wisconsin, as the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office. The following items were or-dered reported, without amendment: committee re-port entitled ‘‘United States Secret Service: An Agency in Crisis’’; H.R. 4180; H.R. 1132; H.R. 2458; H.R. 3735; H.R. 4046; and S. 1698. 
A CASINO IN EVERY SMARTPHONE—LAW 
ENFORCEMENT IMPLICATIONS 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Casino in Every Smartphone—Law Enforcement Implications’’. Testimony was heard from Mark Lipparelli, State Senator, Senate of Nevada; Joseph S. Campbell, As-sistant Director, Criminal Investigative Division, Federal Bureau of Investigation; Alan M. Wilson, Attorney General, South Carolina; and Donald W. 
Kleine, Douglas County Attorney, Nebraska. 
SUPPORTING SUCCESS: EMPOWERING 
SMALL BUSINESS ADVOCATES 
Committee On Small Business: Subcommittee on Con-
tracting and Workforce held a hearing entitled ‘‘Supporting Success: Empowering Small Business Advocates’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
FACT CHECK: AN END OF YEAR REVIEW 
OF ACCOUNTABILITY AT THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Fact Check: An End of Year Re-view of Accountability at the Department of Vet-erans Affairs’’. Testimony was heard from Sloan Gib-son, Deputy Secretary, Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 
Joint Meetings 
TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE 
ENFORCEMENT ACT 
Conferees agreed to file a conference report on the dif-
ferences between the Senate and House passed versions of H.R. 644, to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
DECEMBER 10, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
increasing effectiveness of military operations, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an 
oversight hearing to examine terrorism and global oil markets, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine independent South Sudan, focusing on a failure of leadership, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold hearings to examine the importance of fol-lowing through on GAO and OIG recommendations, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, S. 1318, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for protection of maritime navigation and prevention of nuclear terrorism, H.R. 1428, to extend Privacy Act rem-edies to citizens of certified states, S. 483, to improve en-forcement efforts related to prescription drug diversion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE5.REC D09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1303 December 9, 2015 
and abuse, S. 1890, to amend chapter 90 of title 18, 
United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and the nominations of Dana J. Boente, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia for the term of four years, Robert Lloyd Capers, to be United States Attorney for the East-ern District of New York for the term of four years, John P. Fishwick, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Virginia for the term of four years, and Emily Gray Rice, to be United States Attorney for the District of New Hampshire for the term of four years, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Sub-
committee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules, joint 
hearing entitled ‘‘Terrorism and the Visa Waiver Pro-gram’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules , Full Committee, hearing on con-
ference report to accompany H.R. 644, the ‘‘Trade Facili-tation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015’’; H.J. Res. 75, making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., H–313 Cap-itol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , Subcommittee 
on Environment; and Subcommittee on Oversight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the Nation’s Weather Satellite Programs and Policies’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09DE5.REC D09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1304 December 9, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Thursday, December 10 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business until 3 p.m. 
(Senate will recess from 3 p.m. until 4:30 p.m. for the all 
members briefing.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Thursday, December 10 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue. 
HOUSE 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1750 
Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E1741 Capuano, Michael E., Mass., E1749 Chu, Judy, Calif, E1745 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1751 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1752 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1743, E1749 Delaney, John K., Md., E1743, E1745, E1748 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1747 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E1749 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1744 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E1743, E1748 
Harris, Andy, Md., E1753 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1745, E1748 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1752 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1741 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E1742 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E1746 Long, Billy, Mo., E1746 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1744, E1748 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1753 
Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1749 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1750 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E1743, E1747 
Ruppersberger, C.A. Dutch, Md., E1747 Sarbanes, John P., Md., E1742, E1751 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E1745 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1751 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1753 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1746, E1748, E1749, E1751, E1753 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E1747, E1750, E1751, E1752 Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E1743 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1746 Watson Coleman, Bonnie, N.J., E1745 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Dec 10, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09DE5.REC D09DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST